Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Duellist [Worm]
 Thread starterTamzar  Start dateOct 28, 2019  Tagsdeath greg veder harem harem building lots of death worm
Created
Oct 28, 2019
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
5,699
Recent readers
1
Threadmarks
38
Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the harem end.
Last edited: May 20, 2024
Threadmarks Moderation Extras
Statistics (36 threadmarks, 727k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Level One
Words 11k
Oct 28, 2019
Level Two
Words 10k
Nov 9, 2019
New
Level Thirty-Three
Words 34k
Mar 19, 2026
New
Level Thirty-Four
Words 18k
Jun 15, 2026
New
Level Thirty-Five
Words 19k
Aug 2, 2026
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Level One
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Oct 28, 2019
Add bookmark
#1
Spoiler: AN: Content Warning


I, Greg Veder – first of my name, stir myself awake.

F-ILUR-​

What was that?

-lower difficulty challenges first. Altern-​

I shake my head to clear my vision, blue lines of holographic text filling my vision before apparently dismissing itself.

I push my hand out to the side to push myself up from my bed, I frown as I feel paper crumbling under the pressure instead of smooth fabric. I rub at my eyes and grab the paper, squinting to read the note aloud. "Three favours. We will contact you." My eyes move down. "C."

And not just any 'C'. I jerk upright, staring at the page. THE 'C'. The secret government conspiracy that controlled superpower distribution on the dark side of the internet.

I remembered finding them. Taking almost the entirety of what my parents had left behind for me and offering it on a quiet, text-only chat room hidden so well that it had taken months to even guess at its location.

They had agreed, and then I woke up back in my bed. I glance at the window. Morning. Phone calendar? Sunday. It was Tuesday afternoon when I had sent that message. Had I been abducted, mind-wiped and returned in the span of a week?

It wouldn't surprise me. It was extremely obvious that the government had the technology to do that, even before parahumans came along.

More importantly, did I even have powers now? That was the deal, I was sure. Powers for a few favours and an IOU for the trust fund money from my parents. I didn't feel like I could fly, or breathe fire, turn invisible. Had I fallen for the equivalent of the online ads telling me about the hot singles in my area?

Surely not.

All I had were these flickering lines at the edge of my vision. I shake my head trying to clear them. Still there.

"Greg! Get down here! If I have to cook for your worthless ass, then the least you can do is show up and eat it!" Alice. My 'mother', as she insists on being called despite the lack of blood relation or any warm feelings at all, calls up into my room. She kind of hates me, or possibly just men in general - the feelings been mutual ever since my dad cheated on her to have me with some random lady off the street. That lady had handed me off to my father nine months later and promptly ran off to do whatever she did with her life. Nobody in my family ever saw her again. I lived with my father and the rest of the 'family' for a few years without issue.

Then my old man drops dead out of nowhere and I get to put up with life under the hellish purview of my 'mother' and my half-sister – who were already openly antagonistic when Dad was around, and have only gotten worse since then.

"Yeah, Greg!" The other member of the household jeers. "Leave your Chinese cartoons alone, they aren't going to fuck you! Not that anyone else would either, but you could at least pretend to be less of a slug - it's painful to have to share the house with you sometimes." Rude. My sister Clara doesn't like me either. I'm not quite sure what set her off, but she's always sided with my mother for almost everything. I don't know what she's been told about me or Dad, but she's never shown any inclination of wanting to get to the truth herself.

"Coming." I let out a put-upon tone into the voice. But if they weren't going to comment on my apparent disappearance for a week... then it seemed I could rely on whatever mind-control chips the Cape illuminati had installed to cover their tracks.

My mother's irate voice floats back up the stairs. "Gregory Michael Veder, don't take that attitude with me-" I roll my eyes, flicking on a new shirt. "-took you in and asked for nothing-" I check my phone again. Nothing notable happening in the gaming newsphere. "-your worthless, wreck of a father-" Some new episodes to catch up on, but nothing that can't wait now that I may or may not have superpowers. "-a little bit of respect!"

Sensing the end of the rant, I exit the room and start descending the stairs. I shake my head again. Still the blue lines and symbols. Can't seem to lose them.

I catch a glimpse of my mother's back as she disappears into the kitchen, a transparent, almost holographic, padlock seeming to hover next to her - seemingly invisible to her eyes judging by the lack of hysterics from her.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 1/8

CHALLENGE?​

I snap my eyes away. The text and symbols melt sideways into the nearly invisible lines on the edge of my vision that had been bothering me ever since I woke up. My eyes roam back towards her again. The text reforms effortlessly.

"It's like a HUD!" I breathe. I already knew my next step. I cast a hand out in front of me like casting a magic spell. "Status." Nothing happened. "Properties. Skills. Save. Quest. Journal. Inventory. Observe." I pout and lower my hand. Did the power-people at the government not understand how gamer powers were supposed to work?

She half turns to give me a disgusted look. "Stupid boy. Do you think real life is a game now too? I never should have let you keep those ridiculous toys of yours. Start behaving your age, or I'll throw out every last one of-"

I take some more steps forward to keep her in my line of sight. Having my power explicitly label something as Tutorial made my next move extremely logical. "Challenge." I whisper.

And the world disappears in a blur of fractals. I reappear in my room - having somehow climbed the stairs once more already.

Mover power. Check. Teleportation is neat, but let's see what the rest does before we get excited.

I tilt my head like any proper hero would as I listened out for any unusual sounds around the house. Nothing. I could hear the vague sound of a running tap downstairs, but other than that there didn't seem to be anything of note happening.

With a shrug, I retraced my steps from just a minute prior - wandering down the steps towards the lower floor.

Alice Veder has her back to me when I enter the room, and the roar of the taps seems to stifle any noise I made entering the room. The lack of movement is somewhat creepy, and I can't help but wonder if my quick power experimentation had done something unpleasant to her. I sidle closer. She doesn't move a muscle until I poke her lightly from behind. "Alice?" She doesn't respond. I clear my throat and repeat myself louder. "Mother?"

She silences the tap and spins around in a movement almost too fast to follow.

I laugh. "You had me worried there, I think you were miles away. Did you say Dinner was ready? I don't see it-"

She turns away towards the kitchen counter. Well. That's nicer treatment than I usually get. I'll take that as a win.

I turn my thoughts away from the oddly good mood of my mother and turn my thoughts back to my power. What did challenge even mean in this context? I would have expected more from a tutorial level - as much as I hate hand-holding in games, I could really use a simple set of instructions to get me started here. Was it something related to Alice specifically? Was this scene the equivalent of a cutscene before the event happened? It seems exactly like real-life, so I'm not entirely sure that my power has done anything but a minor light show and move me back to my bed.

Instant transportation to my bed was actually a moderately useful superpower, but it wasn't particularly cool.

A searing sensation of pain blossoms from my back, a near-identical one slamming into my right arm. I gasp and choke, shoving myself away from the source as a white-hot line curves its way down my arm. I spin around, backpedalling under the table and emerging the other side as I come face-to-face with my mother clutching at two bloodied kitchen knives like a woman possessed.

I let out an articulate scream as she takes another wild, inexpert lunge at me across the table - one knife leaving a small slash into my shirt before I twist away and dive past her.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" I hiss, stumbling backwards as I clutch at the bleeding wounds. They weren't deep - probably not the ideal knives for stabbing that she could have used - but my shirt was already soaked in blood. There's a cold, sinking feeling in my stomach as I realise the likely answer to her sudden attack: this was something to do with my power.

She rushes at me again. She's kind of fat, so it's simple to dash around the counter and sprint away, the stab wound didn't feel deep – probably more due to the low quality of the knife and the lack of technique behind the stab. I was more concerned about my arm and chest, both bleeding profusely as I run. I'm overthinking this. Keep running.

"Clara! Alice has gone fucking crazy!" I yell up the stairs as I frantically unlock the front door. "Call the police and get out of here!" There was no reply forthcoming. I bodily shove past the door and out into the drive, the street spins briefly in my vision before I force myself to focus - staggering down the street in an adrenaline-fuelled burst.

Phone. Police. PRT? Why didn't I grab my mobile? It was right on the counter, there was no chance of going back to get it now. The streets are entirely devoid of people, nobody in the stores or houses either - or at least as far as I can tell. Was this part of my power as well? How far did the effect extend? If I could escape this alternate-reality bubble, would everything return to normal? Could I contact someone outside of the effect?

Was there even a payphone anywhere around here? Did they still have those these days? The street spins again in warning as I accidentally walk into a wall, the road seeming to split into two as I lean against it. Blood loss. Bad. I should... stop the bleeding. Somehow. Was the wound on my back even that deep? It had felt like the least painful wound compared to the one on my arm, but that meant nothing considering what other problems that kind of injury could cause.

Now I wished that I had paid any attention to that first aid class they did last year. A wet cough surges from my chest and sprays blood onto the ground in front of me to join the bloody trail that I had been leaving behind me. That was bad. All the TV shows with dying characters had them do that at some point.

A trail that I was leaving behind me... I numbly realise the problem at the same time my mother rounds the corner, peering at the ground like a dog as she literally follows my footsteps all the way here.

"She's following me." I groan as her head snaps towards me and she begins her slow charge - already out-of-breath before she started to run, and barely gaining speed when she started. "Of course she is."

I push myself off the wall, my head pulsing at the mere thought of trying to run away again. Instead, I turn to the nearest building - a standard office block towering above me. I'm sure there is usually a guard here, but this time nothing stops me from shoving the door open, racing across the lobby and stumbling into the elevator. I slam the button for the top floor, before allowing myself to sit on the floor - legs feeling heavier than lead all of a sudden.

Alice bulldozes through the entrance door just in time to watch the only elevator close. In what seems like moments, I'm whisked up thirteen or so floors away from my homicidal step-mother.

"Floor, Fourteen. Doors opening." The automated voice chimes out.

I don't move, other than to stick my leg out to keep the elevator open. She was doubtlessly waiting at the bottom, trying to call the elevator back down. If I just sat here, then she would be forced to take the stairs- at which point I could take the elevator all the way back down again with a massive time lead.

Even more so considering she was already huffing and puffing after a short jog across the streets. If I was lucky, climbing a full thirteen flights of stairs might hospitalise her without me having to do anything. I let my hand fall to the floor from where I had been clutching at my grazed neck. Not as deep as the one on my shoulder or chest, or I would probably already be dead. I think. A cut throat is an insta-kill in most movies and games anyway.

...I'm dripping blood onto the floor again. Could blood get into the electronics of the lift? Was blood conductive to electricity? I giggle slightly, well aware of the steady decline in rational, logical thought that I was experiencing. Blood loss is bad! Greg Veder making revolutionary strides in medicine!

Steady, calm breaths. I have to focus on the sounds around me, like a proper ninja. I could hear the heavy footsteps on the stairs. Trying to estimate how close she is seems impossible in my current state.

I hold off for another minute, then I stop blocking the door and make an attempt to hit the ground floor button. My right arm, slick with blood, refuses to move without crippling amounts of pain. I twist on my ass and slam it with my left arm instead. Even if she turned around immediately, I should have a large enough lead to get away safely. There was a police station not too much farther down the street if I could make it there...

"Floor, One. Doors opening." I attempt to push myself up, only to find my legs and arms buckling under the pressure immediately. I stare at my hands as I idly kick my leg out to block the doors from closing. I attempt to pull myself up on the railing but find that I can't remain standing without it. I feel like I've just run a marathon - I've never done one of those, but I imagine that this bone-deep exhaustion would be what it feels like at the end of it.

I can't move. Or at least, I can't walk. Trying to escape at a mere crawl would guarantee my death. Even with minutes to spare I doubted I would be able to drag myself much past the door of the office and across the road – leaving a huge trail all the way.

I need to gather my energy and...

And what? I ask myself, already hearing heavy footsteps on the stairs coming back down. So much faster than they were on the way up. A choked sob escapes my mouth as reality slowly dawns. I can't escape. All I'm doing now is delaying things in the hope that it fixes itself.

Sooner or later, Terminator-lite is going to catch up with me and finish me off - if the blood loss and shock doesn't get me first.

I blink once, eyes feeling heavy.

I jerk awake at the sound of a door slamming - adrenaline the only thing allowing me to expend the energy to lunge at the top floor button again as the overweight, older woman pushes the door to the stairs open once more.

The roar of fury as the door closes in front of her is music to my ears, but the smile on my face doesn't last for more than a second before I remember that I'm still in a horrible position.

"Floor, Fourteen. Doors opening." I block the door with my foot again as the alarms start to blare around me.

Alarms? I glance up at the flashing red lights and the synchronised noise of every office door in the corridor slamming open.

"The fire alarm." I whisper to myself, before paling as I realise that the lift isn't trying to push against my leg anymore. I hit the button for the first floor.

"Out of service. Please evacuate using the emergency stairs." The automated voice drones at me.

Can't use the elevator while the fire alarms are active. What shitty lift was this? That's just my luck. I crawl out of the lift, hacking up more blood along the way. Emergency stairs. The only way out. Reach out to the carpet, knees up and drag yourself forward. Solid Snake. But with more bleeding.

Follow the trail of emergency lights. Come on Greg. You can do this.

It gets faster once I have a rhythm to it, though I don't think I would be winning any awards for speed anytime soon. Soon enough I come to the exit leading to the outside emergency stairs. I stare at the release mechanism, a normal push-and-shove - inconsequential for anyone standing up, but when I was unable to even bring myself to a proper seating position without something to pull me up it seemed nearly impossible.

I improvise a bit. It takes a few tries for me to spin my legs upright against the door, then to slam my heel correctly into the mechanism to shove it open. Blissfully cool air washes over me as my legs flop over the doorway.

I roll myself down the first set of metal stairs, knowing that at this point I lacked the cohesion to even drag myself down the stairs in a timely manner. My head bounces on the last few steps, sending stars flying across my vision as I struggle to separate up from down.

At the very same instant that I recover, I hear a heavy boot on the metal stairs above me accompanied by heavy panting.

My vision is blurry, but I know she's caught up with me. I took too long, left too obvious a trail. "Pleash." I spit out blood. "Alice. Please. Talk to me. My power did this, this isn't you. You don't want to do this. I know you didn't want anything to do with me, and I haven't been the best-"

She descends the steps silently.

"I'm sorry." I blubber incoherently. Tears blur my vision even further. "Don't kill me. I don't want to die."

She stops next to me. I still can't see properly. One arm wraps around underneath my bloodied legs, the other around my neck.

No stabbings. No boots to the face. I feel a tiny flutter of hope that my powers effect is gone as she pulls me upwards almost gently.

That hope vanishes as I feel the wind intensify as she moves me away from her own body. "No." I struggle weakly as she suspends me in the air off of the stairs. I can't see anything anymore, and I wouldn't want to see the 14-story drop anyway. "No, no - don't. Please. Alice."

Then, with a final heave. She flings my body clear of the stairs, tumbling over a dozen stories towards the cold, hard ground.

I wish I could say that I couldn't feel the pain of landing.

On the second bounce, the world melts away in a storm of spiralling colours, the sensation of pain abruptly vanishing and the blue text of my power returning once more.

FAILURE

Hint: Enemies that are UNAWARE will not deviate from their usual routine unless they become aware of the player. Take all the time you need to prepare yourself and plan your approach, before ambushing enemies at your leisure!

In ALERTED (ALRT) missions, the enemy will instantly detect your presence - but not your location. In these missions, remember that the enemy can prepare surprises or hunt you down too!​

I stare blankly at the text as it hovers in the air, the world starting to fill itself in piece-by-piece.

I'm alive.

Just a... simulation. From my power. Like a dream. I flex my arm. It responds easily, as if nothing had ever happened. No phantom pain. Even the sickening memory of my bones shattering in the fall already seems like it happened some time ago. As if I was remembering the pain of the trip to the dentist last week, painful in the moment – but a distant, bearable memory now.

I settle backwards onto the step with shaky legs as Alice finishes her movement back into the kitchen. Her padlock is locked again, a two hour timer floating above it as she disappears out of my vision. A countdown until I can do it again. Undoubtedly.

"What the fuck are you doing just sitting there? Move, dickhead!" Clara storms past me on her way to the kitchen, a foot finding its way into the side of my chest as she passes. She turns around, doubtless to give another scathing remark before catching sight of my face. "Wait, are you crying?"

"It's dust-" I lie, my voice coming out in a weak warble.

"You're actually crying! God, you're so pathetic." She sneers. "Did you break one of your little toys? Can't you go and jerk off in a corner somewhere else? Some of us actually have futures and real life problems to focus on, I would rather get on with my life without having to look at you again."

I stare at her with a blank look.

"Nothing to say? That's what I thought." She spins on one heel, the open padlock above her head spinning in the air. "Later, loser."

My eyes follow her.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 3/8

(TIME)​

"Its not real." I breathe out quietly. "It's fine if I die." Nothing matters. Alice didn't notice anything. It had nothing to do with real-life, and apparently memories didn't carry across either.

"Hm? You say something?" She queries.

I breathe out, oddly calm despite the events of just a few moments prior. "Yeah, I did." I lock eyes with her firmly. "Challenge." The walls fall away as the world goes white.

It was probably stupid to rush into a possible repeat of the traumatic first usage of my power. But I didn't want to think about that right now. I didn't want to deal with my sister's words. I didn't want to go and sit opposite someone who had just stabbed me in the back and actually killed me via throwing me off a building. I wanted to get to the bottom of my power and what it did.

My power presented an alternative course of action, and I took it without a second thought.

Not that there was a way back now. Was there? I lean back into my bed, still not fully formed. "I give up. Forfeit. I surrender. Suicide. Menu. Alt-F4. Escape. Concede. ID-Escape. Cancel Simulation." Nope. I cut my musings as the world finishes reforming.

I reappear in my room again. If that hint from earlier meant anything, then these challenges might have modifiers attached to them. TIME was listed under this one.

Presumably short for timer. A limited amount of time to win? A countdown to reinforcements? Or was it a grading system? Did it count from the start, or from when I got spotted? Is it a countdown to an event happening? Only experimentation could answer that question.

If it was a simple timeout before failing, then that was easy and painless to check. I set my watch to a timer and leave it running.

In the meantime, I should sneak around the house, gather a few supplies just in case my sister did try and murder me in a few minutes.

Sneaking out the corridor and down the stairs is easy, I can hear the keyboard tapping and music blaring from her room. A cursory inspection of the kitchen and the street outside reveals that once again, nobody else seems to be present in this strange mirror-world.

Just me and Clara. 1v1. Deathmatch.

Not that I particularly wanted to use the term Deathmatch. I was hoping that there were different ways to win, that didn't involve murdering someone that I interact with on a regular basis – however unpleasant the interaction was.

She might not even try to kill me. She could turn around and reveal that TIME is a reference to the fact that this challenge is a race around the block and back.

I glance at my watch as two minutes pass without incident. Nothing yet. Good start.

That optimistic thought didn't stop me from tucking a kitchen knife into my back pocket and picking up the second largest to tuck under the carpet just outside her room. I locked the shed, hid the keys and quietly blockaded the entrances to the house with the downstairs furniture.

I rush back upstairs as my watch buzzes five minutes, watching for any movement from my sisters room. Not a single blip.

It's the distant sound of police sirens that causes me to swear instead. I shove open the door to my sisters room, immediately attracting her attention.

She glances at me, a glimmer of surprise in her eyes that swiftly turns blank and stormy. She jumps upwards and dashes towards her desk without a word.

I don't want to kill her in cold blood. I have to be sure that she's just the same as Alice was.

In less than a second, she's already halfway across the room with scissors in a two-handed overhead swinging motion. "Thought so." I grimace, pulling out the brutal-looking kitchen knife. "Mine's bigger."

She seems to reconsider the odds at that, turning towards the back of the room and the window. I lunge after her as she struggles with the lock - the window half jamming forward as the knife arcs around to connect with a stab at her vulnerable neck. It skitters wide, leaving a bloody trail as I recenter myself and land a decisive stab deep inside her flesh.

"He's inside! Gun him down!" That was the police, already hammering at the door. The decision to blockade the door seems to be a good one, even if it was just a temporary measure.

Clara staggers, a bloody stream flowing from her chest as she paws at the wound in abject disbelief. There's a weak, prick from the scissors in retaliation - but I just ignore it as she sinks to her knees.

Nothing matters. It's not real. No going back now. I kick her to the floor fully and stab wildly at her again. I know how long I lasted after a weak and relatively ineffectual stab. I couldn't leave things to chance here.

Stab.

"Please die." I whisper, incredibly aware of the splintering noises coming from the front door. I didn't want to find what a real bullet feels like.

Stab.

Slash.

She stopped resisting a long time ago. "Hurry, hurry, hurry. Die already! FUCKING DIE!"

As if on cue, the world starts to splinter. I vaguely register a stinging pain in my side as the police finally reach me - but slightly too late to matter.

The blue text lights up in the white void ahead of me.

SUCCESS

Reward: Clara Veder +
​
I breathe out quietly. Just my power. Just a dream. It wasn't real. I'm not actually like that. I hate my sister's guts, but I don't actually want her dead.

I take a deep breath and read the text. I scowl.

"What do you mean, plus?" I grouch, trying to calm my nerves a bit. "What about XP? Money? New powers?"

It was one thing to know that it is all just my power, but it felt real - I just stabbed someone to death and felt... satisfied at the end of it.

No answers were forthcoming from the blue text, and soon enough I found myself seated back on the stairs once more.

"'Scuse me." Clara brushes past again. She frowns at me as she passes. "Hey, bro. You seem a bit down, is everything okay?" I blink at the sudden turnaround from her usual attitude. She glances at the kitchen nervously. "Was it mom again? She'll warm up to you one day, I promise. She's just... prickly at the moment. You know? I'd rather not get involved in the fight, but if you need to talk – my door's open."

I stare at her. Was she actually being nice? I belatedly realise that she's waiting for a response. "Ah, oh. Yeah. Sure." I finish lamely.

"Well. Don't let her get you down. I have no homework. You have none, right?" I nod dumbly. She wiggles an eyebrow at me. "We can play one of your games after dinner? That Cape Fighters Unlimited one."

"Ultimate." I correct automatically. Was this really my sister? This was undoubtedly the effect of my power. If this was my new sister, then I had functionally killed my old one with my own two hands.

And yet, I couldn't help but feel happy with the change. Happy with the outcome. It wasn't as if there was any love lost between us before. Perhaps this way, I could experience a normal sibling relationship?

I smile at her. Pointedly ignoring the locked symbol next to her. "I'd like that."

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 4/8

(GANG)

LOCKED​

Dinner was a tense affair. Alice continued to barely tolerate me, although Clara was clearly uncomfortable with the hostility for once. Alice seemed to take the sudden change in attitude completely in stride - as if this was the way the family dynamics had always been. Retroactively fixed? A stranger power? Or had events actually been adjusted to allow for the new Clara? Knowledge of other capes told me it was just the first. A picture on the wall of me and Clara smiling next to each other told me it was the second – or perhaps some strange mix between the two.

I kept to myself, avoiding the conversation as much as I could. Instead, I settled down and eyed the next challenges that would soon become available to me.

Alice was simple, it looked like I was locked out of 'Veder Household 1/8' until the countdown was finished. So I could probably get another try in this evening. I could see vague hints of malformed text below the challenge - possibly hinting at more to come after I beat this one.

Clara's didn't have a timer at all. Just a locked padlock, like almost everyone that I had scanned outside of the house since discovering my power. I focus my attention at it, causing the lock to shake negatively.

CONDITIONS NOT MET​

Unhelpful. Would it kill the developers to add a more useful error message?

Still. I could make a guess. Completing the "tutorial" missions in the listed order might unlock it - Clara was listed as the third. Alice was the first - and possibly the second as well, I would find out soon enough.

There was likely some other, hidden conditions as well - unless the tutorial explicitly locked out every other challenge then I should have other targets on people out in the street, but the neighbour's challenges remain locked out even though I can see them through the window.

Well. There was nothing to be done about it now. It was clear that if I wanted to get anywhere with my power, then I had to work through the system as it was given to me.

It was a game. Essentially. Take out the fact that it's someone I know and it becomes a simple and easy matter to win, now that I know the rules.

I fix a nod and smile as Alice snips at me to clean up. I could grin and bear it for another hour or so until I could attempt her challenge again. If Clara's challenge turned her from absolute hatred to a somewhat sympathetic sister, then it was likely that my 'mother' would face a similar fate.

"Greg?" I snap out of my musings as Clara approaches me from behind and leans against the table with arms crossed. "You're spacing out again. Are you sure you're alright?"

"Yeah, I'm, uh. Fine." This was still weird.

She makes a low droning sound. "You're so out of it. Come on, ditch the plates – I'll do them when I wake up in the morning. Mom was a little bit harsh with you earlier, I feel a little bad so I'll allow you the treat of getting destroyed by me in your video game thingies. Cape Fighters. Best of Five."

My resistance crumbles. With any luck, Alice would be a lot more pliable by the morning anyway. "No items?"

"Of course not." She snorts. "I'll go set it up, I'm pretty sure I remember how to do that." She practically skips away.

Fifty minutes later, my ego is hurting. "There's no way." I swallow and lean forward.

"Bro, you suck!" On the screen, Narwhal does a mid-air pirouette on her shield before sending Eidolon off stage with a devastating down-kick.

"Narwhal is just overpowered-" I attempt to defend myself, ears burning as her character poses in a taunt.

"I just picked the first girl character I saw – shouldn't you be able to beat me as anyone?" Peels of laughter emerge from her mouth, so familiar and yet so very different from what I am used to. Friendly in a way I didn't think she was even capable of. "Face it. You're getting beaten by a girl."

And now she had taken a round off me at my own game. I was still winning overall, but I didn't think my ego was capable of sustaining another loss to a casual.

I grit my teeth. "Best of seven. No Narwhal. No Eidolon."

She makes a thinking pose. "Hmm. Alright. How about we go with that, but if you lose you have to concede once and for all that you got beaten by a girl. You've got to tell me to my face that I am superior to you in every way, especially in video games - and that you just suck at everything and want to be more like me in the future." There's a demonic leer on her face as she states her terms - aiming to crush my pride more in a single day than she had in years.

"Sure." I bluff my confidence. "It's not going to happen, but I'll take that bet-"

The door slams open with a bang, and Clara pales as she looks over my shoulder. Alice looms over us from the doorway, face red and livid with rage. "And just what do you think you're doing? Keeping my daughter up and corrupting her with your-"

I don't want to listen to her anymore.

Time must have gotten away from me, her padlock is open. I lock eyes with the angry woman. One word. It's that easy. "Challenge."

I don't hesitate to start moving when the world reforms this time. I have no intention of repeating my drawn-out, agonising defeat from last time around. If I hadn't been crippled so early last time I would have managed to win then as well. With a fresh start and knowledge of what was going on? Not even a challenge.

I slip out the backdoor, and a few moments later return with the old woodcutting axe that Dad used to use before he died. I give it a swing to test the weight. Powerful. Dangerous. Probably not the sharpest in the world, but I don't think it needs to be.

I return to the kitchen. From the impassive view of the game inside me, it was crystal clear to me now. One enemy, entirely unaware. Old. Fat. The noise of the tap muffled footsteps, doors and other noises. Unlimited time to prepare.

The perfect tutorial to introduce someone to the concept of: Kill your enemy.

That was it. My problem had been one of overthinking. Of trying to apply real-life logic and emotions to something clearly inspired from a game world. Trying to work out what the puzzle was, when even the slightest amount of caution would have let me work it out eventually.

I swing the axe at the back of her neck. It lodges deep inside her skin as she drops like a stone to the floor - the world disappearing before the blood even reaches my shoes.

SUCCESS

Reward: Alice Veder +​

"Oh, you're still playing?" Alice tuts at us from the doorway. "Greg, Clara. Really? Look at the time, you have school tomorrow."

"But mom! I'm winning! He's getting crushed!" She protests. "Just a bit more-" She turns to me. "Tell her Bro!"

My mother seemed nicer than usual. As predicted. And there was the next one. No timer here.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 2/8

(ALRT)​

The floating challenge box taunted me.

"Bro? Spacing out again?" Clara pokes my cheek.

"Again?" My mother asks with a bit of concern. "Are you sick?"

Probably. Something being wrong with my head would probably explain why I was suddenly looking forward to this. I remembered ALRT from the tip when I died the first time. In game terms, the alarm goes off instantly as I load in - and I get the aggro. I can work with that. "Challenge."

If she's going to make her way to my room straight away, I can't afford to hesitate. I dash to my bedside table as soon as I load in. I unplug my alarm, DVD player and yank the cables out of my monitor and toss the three bulky devices over to the centre of the room by the door.

Slow, measured footsteps on the stairs. I gather my weapons of choice together by the door and stand behind it. I flick the lights off as a last-second addition.

Closer. Closer.

The door handle shifts, and quietly turns. There she is. She seems to glance around the room for a moment, taking half a step forward-

-and I smash a $600 monitor over her head. She stumbles with a screeching wail of pain, which does nothing to deter me as I smash my DVD player over her doubled-up form. She crumples to the ground.

I flick the lights on and breathe a small sigh of relief. She brought a knife with her. That made things easier than my original plan of repeatedly caving her head in with my sturdy, brick-like alarm clock.

...wow. That train of thought was weird.

With her unconscious, it's a simple, delicate cut that sends the world dissolving away almost instantly.

SUCCESS

Reward: Alice Veder +​

Again? I patiently wait for the world to reform before giving my judgement.

"Greg?" I feel the sensation before my sight has fully returned. "Are you sure you're alright?"

"I said I'm fine mot-" My words die on my tongue as the woman in front of me leans over the top of me to press a hand against my forehead. She's on all fours across my bed in order to reach me. Large, barely restrained breasts threaten to spill out of their clothes no more than two inches from my face. The person they were attached to looked utterly alien to me. "-her? Is that you?"


Spoiler: Alice Veder
"He doesn't recognise me!" The stranger clasps her hands to her bountiful chest, right over her heart. She pulls back, shirt briefly revealing a toned body before covering herself again. She's younger. Fitter. To an almost unbelievable extent. "Clara! How long has he been like this? I should call a doctor-"

"He's just playing it up. I think." Clara pokes me in the side. "Oi. Greg. Tell mom you aren't about to keel over." She turns to the stranger. "I'm pretty sure he's just like this because boys can't multitask. I'm beating him at his game and he can't handle it."

I turn my gaze to my concerned 'mother'. "What she said." Is all I can say. My ego demands I make an amendment. "Except technically I'm leading the score – she just won the last round."

Clara makes a noise of exasperation. "Tell you what. How about you sit here and watch me thrash him at this game, and you can see if he seems alright as he plays? It's too early to go to bed."

I tune out of the conversation and glance at Clara.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 4/8

(GANG)​

Her padlock was unlocked now. Only 3 out of 8 down, and already my home life was... fixed. In a word. Just how deep did this rabbit hole go? "Challenge."

In my room again. GANG. That was the modifier for this one. Ignoring the first, unlikely word that came to mind - it was likely that this was actually what it said on the can. A gang of people. Or perhaps one of the actual gangs of Brockton Bay. Or a version of my sister that had joined one?

Which gave me a range of options to prepare for. Either a group of allies that I would have to get through, an actual armed force that might help her - or she might turn around and blast me with a Hitler salute and a shotgun blast the moment I open the door. That was a strange thought.

Of course, my musings turn out to be largely pointless when I open the door to my room and hear the familiar giggling noises from down the corridor. Gang meant allies on-site then, but in this case that was just some of her vapid school friends. Once again, music blared loudly to conceal most noises that I might make. Useful – and I would be happy to make use of it while it was there. I don't think I could count on it for every challenge I come across.

For a moment, I try to count them. Five. Six. Seven? Perhaps more that weren't talking.

If I had a combat power, this would be easy. But if seven girls all rushed me at the same time, I would probably lose even if all they did was try to hold me down. The only reason I had beaten Alice and Clara so easily was that, even as out-of-shape as I am, they were so much worse. One of them being elderly and overweight at the time, and the other having all the muscle that the cushioned life of a socialite provided - that is to say, none at all.

I pace. I can't afford to aggro them all and rush them through the door. I might get one, two if I'm lucky - but if the others could just compile on top of me then it wouldn't be long before I found out how my sister and her groupies would prefer to kill me. I imagined it would be slow, humiliating and painful - and I didn't intend to give them the chance.

No. I needed a different approach. A way to turn the environment to my favour. If I had a real weapon with some range, or a more vicious weapon in the melee then I could draw them out to the stairs or the doorway and try and hold the narrow entrance.

No. Think of that first time - my mother hadn't snapped and tried to choke me out right away. She had realised I didn't understand the situation, quietly grabbed a knife and then made her attempt. Likewise, when I fought my sister - she had realised that I held the weapon and range advantage and had tried to escape to let the police do the work for her.

Both of them had an element of thought, strategy, human planning and cunning to their movements. Could I rely on them mindlessly rushing me, instead of taking the time to form another solution? A human ladder out of the window? A make-up bomb? Breaking up the bed and furniture for longer weapons? I didn't think they could do anything that they wouldn't in real life – but I didn't know most of these girls well enough to rule anything out.

No. I couldn't leave the option to stand and plan their options available to them. My first move had to force their hand. Ideally putting them on a timer, cutting down their escape paths or possibly just wiping them out altogether.

I dismiss the thought of throwing a bunch of chemicals together and trying to construct a grenade, bomb or toxic concoction to smoke them out. It was possible, sure - but I also had no idea how to go about doing it. For all I knew, I would make a mildly toxic smoke – aggro all of them the moment they smell it and then get drowned in a bucket of bleach. Something simpler. Harder to fuck up.

In the end, I settle on fire. I quickly stack a pile of furniture just outside her door as a blockade and then grab a step ladder to unplug every fire alarm in the house that I could find.

Despite the giggling and discussion in the room, they didn't seem to be 'active'. Just sitting there waiting for something that would aggro them. Their loud laughter, music and talking seemed to have kept them distracted from my work outside. I didn't doubt that any sufficiently loud noise would bring them all running.

There are cans of fuel in the shed and more in the garage just down the street. I hoist them back into the house and start liberally pouring them all over the ground floor, then again in a trail past the stairs up to the high pile of furniture blocking my sisters dorm. I make sure to liberally pour the fuel over the chests and drawers blocking them in - that was the most critical part of the plan. Everything else just shortened the timer that I was about to put them on. I spray trails into the surrounding rooms as well, then double up and repeat my tracks with scavenged oil from the kitchen once the last of my stocks gets depleted.

I hear raised voices coming from upstairs. A door opens, and the voices get louder again. Had they heard me? No - it must have been the smell.

Too late now, I can hear them trying to shift the massive pile of furniture - but I'm already halfway out of the door fumbling with the lighter. The effect is nearly instantaneous, an instant fireball igniting throughout the house. I can hear the screams from upstairs, and after lingering for a moment to ensure they aren't going to make a break for it through the fire while it is still potentially survivable I head around to the back side of the house.

With the corridor and stairs blocked by flames, the rest of the house burning and filling their room up with smoke - they only had a single option. Jump out the back window.

It wasn't an easy jump. Nothing to break the fall but hard concrete. I heft my axe in a double-handed hold as I wait around the corner. They don't seem to be making the attempt yet, though their placeholder discussion seems to have come to a complete stop as they mill around the window.

Soon enough smoke starts pouring out of the open window, bringing with it an unfamiliar blonde who hurtles herself to the ground - misjudging her ability to land on her feet and almost belly-flopping into solid ground. She doesn't get up, and I don't break my position to finish her off.

The next two are more careful, even as their friends push them with increasing urgency. They try to step on a drainage pipe, only for it to give way under them. After a moment, they seem to give up on lowering themselves any further before jumping. I break cover as they stumble to the ground, landing heavily on the concrete with pained exclamations.

Their friends shout in warning as I lodge my axe in the throat of the first. The second doesn't respond fast enough to matter. I let out a bloodthirsty grin at the hate-filled howls from the girls at the window. "Come on then! I'm waiting!"

I can see the flames in the room itself now. Several girls are coughing heavily as dark smoke floods past them. A red glow starting to outline their sillhouettes. Finally, one of them breaks ranks - shoving the others forward. Another girl lands on the body of her fellows. I swing before she even hits the ground, it lodges in her skull easily and I briefly swear as I try to remove it.

Not to worry, I brought a backup. I wave the butchers knife at the girls who were already halfway out of the window, they ease back in warily and I take the opportunity to free my axe. The large notch in the blade shouldn't matter too much.

Nothing happens for another minute, all of the girls backing away from the window entirely- until the house starts to splinter into blue and white once more.

SUCCESS

Reward: Clara Veder +
​
Did they die to the fire? Perhaps trying their luck with the corridor or bursting through the blockade rather than trying to get past me.

I was lucky, in a way. If they had all jumped out at once, or even just one after the other without hesitation - I wouldn't have had enough time to recover between swings. It looked like the AI was selfish, or perhaps kept some of the real personalities involved. If the girls wouldn't really lay down their lives so that another of them might live, then they wouldn't do it.

Good to know.

The world reforms.

"I suppose that's fine." Mother frowns at me. "I know how much he loves his games. Hang on a moment, I'll grab a seat."

"No need." Clara calls out from her own chair, now clad in a midriff-exposing shirt and shorts as she gives me a confident smirk that looks alien on her face. "Take this seat, I can take a spot on Greg's bed."

Spoiler: Clara Veder

"There's no space-" My protests at being evicted are cut off as she bounds behind me and then pulls me back to lie down on the bed again. Or more accurately, on my sister. Squish. Squish. I've never noticed before, but my sister actually has a rack. I wasn't quite sure if it was just a wardrobe change or if her body was changed just like my mothers – either way… I shuffle one leg over the other as I try and focus on anything else. I wasn't actually attracted to her, it's just that it's very noticeable when the change is so sudden and obvious. It draws the eye.

...I'm a red-blooded American male. Something like this is in my blood, sue me.

"Plenty of space now, right?" She wriggles until my head is firmly resting back into the valley of her breasts and she can rest her chin atop my head to watch the screen. Her arms wrap around my body to hold her controller on my chest in a gesture that seems innocent and practical but seems a little more physical than is really necessary. She releases the controller to press her breasts against my cheeks. "There's no downside to this position, after all - there's no way that my cute little bro would be such a pervert as to be distracted by his own sister's boobs, right?" She squishes them again, the smirk on her face telling me that she knew exactly what she was doing.

Incest is bad. Focus Greg. "Right. Zero chance of that happening." That said. They were, objectively speaking, an incredible pair of tits. I don't have a large amount of practical experience but I've done a lot of online research on this subject and can provide the solid conclusion that her, and my 'new' mother had an excellent rack. Good genetics.

Not doing a good job of ignoring her here. I can see her pout in the reflection of the screen at my words, before promptly pressing the start button on the next round.

I was distracted. I got destroyed. This version of my sister was apparently devastating at playing Dragon. Several swift rounds later, I reluctantly give my concession of defeat as Clara struts from my room with the knowledge that she has finally dealt a blow to me that I can't recover from.

Alice rises from her seat, a slight frown on her face. She hadn't said anything while we were playing – almost to the point where I had forgotten that she was there.

The open padlock taunted me. Clara had a similar one as well, but if she was like this after two missions - then perhaps I should show a bit of caution and experiment with my powers elsewhere before pressing further.

For the sake of my chastity if nothing else.

My mother, on the other hand, seemed fairly normal. Aside from the bit where she actually seemed to like me. Perhaps it was better to say that she seemed like a normal person, and therefore a far better person to test out my power on again.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 5/8

(CAGE)​

"Challenge." I'm used to the sensation by now.

Something I am not used to, however, is loading not into my room, but into what I can only guess is an overly large PRT holding cell. I seem to be locked in, of course. No obvious way out.

And of course, I didn't have much time to look for an exit anyway - because my mother had apparently loaded inside with me. I blink as she eats up the gap between us in seconds, apparently her new self - younger and fitter by miles, was now my new opponent.

Which was bad for me. I could run away from the old version, but this one looked athletic enough to run rings around me if I was in twice the shape I am now.

I don't have a weapon, and neither does she. I don't know how to fight, and apparently neither does she.

I duck away from a wild haymaker and dive at her to push her to the ground. Even if she's fitter than me, I'm still a guy. I should have an advantage in a straight-up battle of strength. Wrestling on the ground is my best option here.

We roll around wildly, locked to each and struggling for advantage - she bites down on my arm and I whale away at her head until she lets go. I attempt to get her into a headlock and her knee brushes past my crotch by the slimmest of margins. In the end, I give up on anything fancy and just struggle to keep gravity on my side by staying on top.

A beeping noise grabs my attention. A small countdown box emerges from the centre of the room, and a lone floor tile is illuminated by a spotlight.

Item drop? Or new challenger? As the counter ticks from ten to nine I make up my mind. The former was most likely, given the relative difficulty of us killing each other like this. I think if I tried to launch an actual punch I would only hurt myself. I needed to join some club of some description. Martial arts. Something like that.

No sense worrying about that now though. I smash my head into her forehead, making my own head spin as she jerks backwards in surprise. I push away from her, kicking my leg free from her grasp and sprinting towards the counter.

Four to three. Three to two. My mother stirs and pushes herself to her feet, starting to stumble into a sprint of her own behind me. One. The tile flips vertically before sliding into the floor - another tile rising to replace it. This one had a box resting on top of it. I dive for the box, fumbling with the clasp as my mother promptly dives on top of me in turn. She clearly doesn't value the box highly, perhaps not understanding what it might mean in a deathmatch scenario like this. Item drops that could change the course of the match.

The box pops open easily, I delve inside and pull out some kind of pistol-looking thing as she attempts to put me in a headlock. Possibly inspired by tinker tech, with how many flashing lights and attachments were sticking out of it. I point it at the elbow trying to strangle me and pull the trigger.

There's a deafening roar of light and sound, then the arm drops to the floor at my feet - no longer attached to the human it belonged to.

"Nice." I push away from my mother as she lets out a pained scream. Not feeling the slightest bit of hesitation, I level the gun at her again and fire the trigger three more times in quick succession.

SUCCESS

Reward: Alice Veder +​

Simple. So that's what CAGE meant. The squared circle. The wrestlers ring. Cage fight. Two enter. One leaves. Occasional item drops. Easy, now that I know.

That would be dangerous against most people. A fair 1v1... it was probably a good thing that both of my targets thus far had been lightweights.

Speaking of rewards, was I ever going to get another type of reward for winning these fights? A blaster power was looking really nice right now as these fights keep getting harder.

I slip into my room, blinking and turning in surprise as my mother follows right behind me. "You don't need to supervise me." I protest. "I'm going to bed-"

"Shh." She brushes one hand over my forehead. "Gregory, it must be so hard for you."

I blink. "What?"

She looms over me, breasts swaying hypnotically.

That's your mother Greg. She might look not a day over twenty-five and act like a stranger, but that's still her. A small, treacherous part of my mind reminds me that technically we aren't blood-related. I mentally squash the thought.

"I was watching you playing with your sister. You got hard." One hand rubs against my crotch, while her face doesn't move from her sympathetic expression. "Gregory, you know you can't have thoughts like that for your sister."

"That's not it at all-" This was not my fault. Somehow this is worse than her attempting to kill you a few moments ago.

She kneels down on the floor facing me as I lean against the side of the bed. "I know it's because you've been so backed up." She continues. "Normally it would be the responsibility of your girlfriend to attend to your needs, but I know you're still looking for the right girl. So I'll handle it for now, so you can keep on the right path!" She nods happily as if she had solved a particularly difficult problem.

And then she yanks down my jeans, pulls my dick free from its confines and starts jerking it to attention in a single, continuous motion.

"M-mother! What are y-" I break it off with a hiss as the sensation hits me. "-you doing?"

"Shh. It's alright. I'm going to make sure that you are all ready to sleep without that erection keeping you awake." She speeds up her jerking and I lean back onto the bed, holding myself up with my arms as I find myself lacking the willpower to resist quite as much as I had been before.

I liked this. Admittedly. An extremely attractive woman was jerking me off like she was doing me a favour. This was my first sexual experience ever. The fact that it supposedly came from the same mind as my 'new' mother was a minor fact that could be ignored.

A familiar sensation wells up faster than I can call out. My mother makes a pleased noise as I erupt a small fountain of cum over her hand. "There we go. Is that better?" A few stray droplets managed to fly through the air, and had landed on her cleavage. I watch them trickle down the curves of her barely-restrained breasts. My dick remains as solid as a rock. "I suppose not. I suppose it only makes sense, but it must have been a long time for you now."

She presses her lips to my cock, her mouth instantly applying suction in a way I never realised was possible. I had researched blowjobs extensively of course, but nothing prepared me for what it actually felt like. My mother was clearly a pro at this, and evidently, sexual stamina was something I needed to work on.

Up. Down. Up. Down. One hand at the base of my rod, twisting and stretching and pulling this way and that. Tongue swirling away around my shaft, all while she continued to suckle away at me like her life depended on it. Somehow it all seemed to add to the experience.

My body's capitulation was an inevitability at this point. I unconsciously add a hand to the back of her head, but I knew that actually trying to take control here would lower the phenomenal amount of pleasure I was receiving.

My cock twitches in warning, and my mother dives down to take my full length inside her throat with ease. I can feel my climax rushing out and pouring against the back of her throat, she doesn't gag or even seem that bothered about it - simply locking herself in place as I plaster the back of her throat with my seed.

She pulls her lips away with a wet pop. One hand massages my rapidly-turning-limp dick. "Much better. And remember, this is just a temporary thing until you find a girlfriend. And your sister must never find out about this, got that Greggie?"

"Sure." I must still be in a daze. I can't seem to find my usual words at the moment.

"Alright. Sleep tight!" She pushes herself to her feet and walks out the door as if nothing serious had happened between the two of us.

I flop back onto the bed, grabbing the second pillow and burying myself between them. "Incest is bad. I am not attracted to my mother." On her knees before me, the barest sliver of cum just escaping from the side of her mouth- I tighten the grip of my pillow. In my minds eye, the camera pans to the right. My sister - half-sister, my treacherous mind whispers - is kneeling there naked as well, looking slightly stunned at the ropes of cum splayed across her face and bare chest. "Or my sister. At all!"

If I buried my face hard enough, I could almost seem to believe it.

AN: Longer chapter to start. Future ones shouldn't be this long. Wanted to do the Veder family first, but also didn't want to do actual incest - so you have some slightly odd family dynamics in this AU.

This fic was inspired by my Worm CYOA, where everything is extremely easy and mostly just an excuse to write Worm smut. There's no conflict in that story, and I wanted to see if I could flex my writing muscles into making something where the MC earns his smut the hard way. I'm not dropping that fic either, they are both just very different stories.
Last edited: Aug 26, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Lichzim, Dwooly and 1,272 others
Tamzar
Oct 28, 2019
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Two
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Nov 9, 2019
Add bookmark
#24
"Onii-chan! You need to get up." I flail at my alarm clock, missing it twice in a row. "I-If you don't get up now, th-then I'll have t-to-" I finally disable the alarm on the third try.

I stare at the ceiling. Blue lines seeming to race across it, instantly reminding me of the events of the day before. Suddenly my alarm clock wasn't as funny as it was when I first got it. I get up and head downstairs earlier than usual, but still not early enough to beat the rest of the household down.

"Sup bro!" Clara waves at me in between bites of cereal.

"Hey." I wave back, still not quite believing the drastic change since not even a full day ago. Still weird to not be bitched at by either of the females of the house after a full ten minutes in their presence.

"Greggie!" I'm bundled up in a hug from behind, overly large breasts stifling my chance at any oxygen. "Did you have a good night of sleep? You've got a big day of school ahead of you, make sure to eat up properly-"

Clara sniggers at me, vaguely mouthing 'Mama's boy' at me when Alice isn't looking.

I flail around before I'm released, vague promises of doing my best enough to escape to the table with a bowl of my own.

I tune out of their conversation. Clara's padlock taunted me. An open mission was tempting, but the end result was all too likely to end up just the same as it had with Alice yesterday.

And I wasn't interested in that. I shift my leg to try and conceal the tightness in my lower half. At all. Alice gives me a concerned frown and I finish the bowl and escape the kitchen before she can offer a 'solution' to the problem.

I wanted to test out my power at school before going any further.

My plans for experimentation at school are dashed the moment I get onto the bus. Exactly like my neighbours, everyone else had their challenges locked out. Jake, who sits next to me in Computing, locked. 'CONDITIONS NOT MET'. Same with Aidan at the back row. Sparky gives me a lazy nod as I sit next to him, passing through the locked padlock as if it was made of smoke.

When I make it inside the school, there's no change there either. Nothing. Nowhere. Not Taylor. Not any teachers. Not the jocks in PE class. Not the gangsters smoking outside of the gym. Not the other nerds gaming in the IT room.

A day wasted. It was obvious what the problem was. Clear the tutorial to continue. My problem was that I wasn't really sure if I could complete the tutorial without turning into a hentai protagonist. Which, don't get me wrong, sounded great and was a huge improvement over my previous life - but I really shouldn't cross that line with family, however much of a nightmare they were.

No matter how tempting it was.

…but I was stuck if I didn't. And really, I couldn't deny that on every victory my life had at least somewhat improved. That seemed a likely trend to continue. And, coming back to the key point – if I let myself stop here, my power did nothing. Entirely wasted. My dreams of becoming a hero were dead in the water.

I drift through the lessons of the day in thoughtful silence, if anyone noticed I was quieter than usual – they didn't say anything. Not that I was expecting anyone to. I head home on the first bus back. Heading up to my room to browse the internet immediately. My power didn't seem to have real-life applications so far other than the obvious result of winning a challenge. That was unusual, for a power – I didn't doubt that there was more that I had yet to discover.

As far as the rest of the world was concerned, things had always been this way. I just had a very good relationship with my family and always had. If this continued, and I spread the effect to schoolmates – I assume that it would be as if I was just a normal guy. Albeit on the higher end of the popularity scale. We'd have to see. I need to deal with Clara and Alice first.

Back to my logic – the lack of real-life applications and the fact that the system always named the reward implied to me that other rewards were possible, or at least locked behind the tutorial. Shitposting on PHO did nothing to drag me from my thoughts, and when I finally earned myself another temporary ban I kick myself away from the machine with a pained sigh.

There's nothing for it. I stand and leave the room, turning left towards my sister's bedroom. I kick open the door – spotting her browsing at her computer immediately.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 6/8

(WRLD)​

She glances up in surprise. "Wh-"

"Challenge." Another new modifier.

I pick myself up from my bed immediately once the world finishes forming. Listening at the door, I can hear the tell-tale music from her room. I muse to myself as I creep down the stairs to grab a weapon. WRLD? What would that be?

The question is resolved for me as I hit the bottom step and almost walk into Alice. I flail blindly to my side for a weapon that I don't have yet, backpedalling as Alice simply frowns at me. "Greg? Are you alright? You look like you've seen a ghost." I blink. A car horn blares in the background.

WRLD. World. The real world. Or at least a more accurate representation of it. Other people were now reflected here, doing their usual routine. "I'm fine." I manage.

That made things harder. I doubted my mother would let me walk around the house as freely with a weapon. If I had to repeat my previous feat of starting a house fire, I would be stopped – the neighbours would call 911. Pedestrians might notice or smell something was up. Walking around with a bloodied axe chasing after a would-be victim would also be out of the question.

But at the same time… if this was the only modifier then this should be almost comically easy. I can see it potentially greatly increasing difficulty if it was paired with something else, but this wouldn't be any trouble at all. I slip out into the back, unlock the shed and grab my usual axe. Tucking it behind me, under my shirt I turn and walk past my mother – who gives me a concerned frown as I pass, but continues on without further comment.

It's all too easy. Clara's scream brings Alice running, but the world is fading again before she even reaches the top of the stairs.

SUCCESS

Reward: Clara Veder +​

I'm getting better at this.

The world flickers back to life. Clara stares at me, clad only in her underwear – the lower half of which was pooled around her ankles as her fingers dance across her exposed, hairless slit. I flick my eyes to the screen. Porno. I flick my eyes back to her as a deep, red flush spreads across her face.

"Have you heard of knocking!" She almost screams at me, cheeks burning with humiliation.

I could dodge this conversation.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 7/8

(REAL) (WRLD) (TIME)​

THREE modifiers. One of them new to me. "Challenge." I'm already moving on autopilot before I can even see the floor of my room.

I already knew that TIME started a reinforcement counter. I dash outside to the shed. The best weapon in my immediate area, far superior to the kitchen knives. My mother doesn't walk into me at the stairs this time, I can vaguely see her on the couch reading a book. I ignore her.

The lack of music in the corridor should have been my first warning, but when I burst into Clara's room with axe already swinging overhead I swiftly realise that nobody is home.

REAL. Reality? Realistic? Was my actual target now going through her regular life as usual as well as the people around me?

"Mom!" I charge down the stairs, hiding the axe behind my back. "Where's Clara?"

She gives me a surprised look as I rush to the doorway, looking harried. "Clara? I think she went out for her daily jog." Fuck. Fuck!

I rush out the door, taking a moment to properly secure the axe behind me as I run. Nobody should look close enough to realise what it is while it's hidden by the shirt – and there weren't too many people on the streets anyway.

I run anti-clockwise around the block. My sister never used to exercise, so I had no idea what her usual route might be. I shove past a stranger, ignoring his outraged cry as he falls to the ground. I'm on a timer. I can't afford to be nice.

I complete my search around the most likely street, checking out the nearby park as well. I'm already panting desperately for breath. Can't find her. I glance at my watch. Three minutes gone. I'm running out of time.

I double back to the house, lurking around the one place she is likely to return to sounds like a better plan than hoping she walks into me. I slip back inside the door, up the stairs and hide behind her door.

The police show up again once five minutes have passed. They don't seem as bloodthirsty or as rushed as they were last time, I wasn't sure if that was due to one of the modifiers or if it was just because I hadn't aggro'd my sister yet.

I can feel the footsteps coming up the stairs. My room is opened, then closed again a short moment later. "Keep searching. He could be anywhere." The gruff voice commands. I tense as my sister's door is opened, but the policeman doesn't fully enter the room – just giving a cursory inspection before turning away.

"Hey, Mom! I'm home!" I shift my weight as I hear my sister's voice from downstairs. My target talking and interacting with other people – that was different. Probably the effect of REAL at work. She doesn't comment on the police – and neither did Alice, come to think of it.

I swear under my breath as instead of footsteps on the stairs, I hear clattering in the kitchen. A glance towards the window shows a police car slow-driving down the street, yet more officers trying to find me outside the house.

I settle down into a more comfortable position. This ambush was my only chance. There were still at least two policemen in the house, the odds of getting past them and closing the distance to my sister were slim-to-none. I would just have to wait until she finished eating.

I tap my watch again, the time informing me that ten minutes had passed. There's a brief commotion elsewhere in the house. "Coming through!" A frown at the young voice. Why would- "Let's see... my scanner's saying that there's someone in what looks like the living room. Another in the kitchen, and I'm getting some vague signs of life in the rooms upstairs."

"I'll check the kitchen!" A young girl calls out. An instant later she calls out again. "He's not here!"

"Not in the living room either." Another boy calls out. I know that voice. Aegis. The lamest of the wards. Good at bleeding.

The fucking Wards showed up as reinforcements? After only ten minutes?

"Let's spread out upstairs then." Gallant. The horde rushes up the stairs. "The far room!" How the hell could Gallant know that? Since when could he see through walls? I heft my axe, glancing at the window. A moment later, Kid Win hovers past it and waves at me smugly while speaking into his helmet.

"Phew. I'm not built for running." A boy sighs as he enters the room, still hidden behind the door. A masked face leans around to face me. Clocks filling my vision. "Now, are you going to come quietly?" I swing my axe at him, he brings his hand up as if to bat it away – and at the very instant that it touches him, it's as if my hand was trying to punch concrete instead of swinging a weapon. I clutch at the hand, releasing the time-locked axe as Clockblocker frowns at me. He extends a finger towards me, which I shy away from – fully aware of his power. "Sorry, buster." A grin comes to life under his mask. "You're axe-ing for a time-out!"

Someone punches me from behind, through the wall. I swear roughly as I stumble forward into the Striker. "Your jokes are sh-" His finger prods my cheek.

I try to complete the sentence, suddenly fully trapped. The full suite of wards is lazing around opposite me, my view somewhat obscured – as if trying to see through a bubble bath. Was that Assault behind them? I try and shift my muscles, already knowing in my heart that it was futile. Containment foam could handle Brutes with ease. Never mind baseline humans. My jaw refuses to move in order to speak, and they seem content to sit and wait for the police to take me away.

Once I realise that I'm not dead, I try and take in as much detail as I can. There was possibly a chance to get away here, and all of this was new information to me. With nothing else to do, I try and keep track of time and the new reinforcements that trickle in as I am transported away. My sister comes out to stick her tongue out at me with a smug look, Mother barely seems to acknowledge that I'm being dragged away for no particular crime.

It looks like it wasn't the entire local Protectorate team that joined the fight at the 15-minute mark. A minute after I'm removed from the house, Armsmaster joins the escort – with the Wards idly commenting that Miss Militia was now in position. The Van ride doesn't give me a great view of the next arrivals – but fortunately, I get a glimpse of Dauntless teleporting towards us as I am roughly deposited into a cell after being sprayed with something that starts melting away at the containment foam to allow me to move again.

How long was I going to be stuck here? I had assumed that they would just kill me once the foam was off, but now I was just sitting here waiting for the end to come – and nothing was happening. Could I actually be permanently held here? Unable to die, unable to leave and unable to win? Wasting away until I died of old age? That was a chilling thought.

One single police officer stands opposite my cell, the rest of them were doubtlessly nearby – surrounding the building or guarding my target directly. I didn't have anything that could threaten all of them at once or master them, but I strongly suspected that the possibility that I did was why they were doing that.

I drum my fingers, not even entirely sure how much time had passed. More than an hour. Maybe even two? Three? The guard isn't a conversationalist and there's no clock. Movement from the lone guard draws my eye. His revolver inching up towards me from the other side of the room. I glance at the police officer. "Just get it over with." I didn't want to die, but I was confident that like the first time – it wouldn't stick. The alternative scared me more at this point.

The officer blinks, glancing down at the gun pointing at me and swiftly pockets it again as if not even realising he was doing it. Strange. This was the longest I'd ever been in a challenge, perhaps there was some kind of soft-enrage timer to prevent stalling? Not something to automatically fail me, but that would make things progressively more difficult as time went on until I won or was defeated. Enemies slowly getting stronger, or more resilient against whatever I was stalling them with.

Or in this case, increasing the bloodlust of people that weren't my target. The policeman's expression, strictly professional earlier – contains a sneer of hatred and a barely contained snarl now. I imagined that if I was back at the house, my mother would be absently sharpening a kitchen knife right now.

It's only a minute or two later that his gun is out of its holster again, slowly rising up to point at me – like last time, seemingly without him even realising what he's doing. I close my eyes, opting not to say anything this time. I hated the suspense, I just wanted it over with at this stage.

The gun barks, one bullet into my chest and a second landing in my shoulder as I recoil. I can hear more shots being fired, but nothing else hits me. I force my eyes open as I let out a choked gasp, collapsing back onto the floor as the cop reloads. "Learn to fucking aim. Idiot." I spit at him. Open target, not moving – and he can't even get a headshot? All of the pain I was in was entirely his fault, and I was allowed to complain about it all I liked!

"He's resisting!" The policeman yells, taking cover to the side of the cell. "Get on the ground!" As if I was capable of anything else.

I'd have to give him a better shot next time. I wanted it to be clean, quick and over with – this hurt, even if not as much as the slow, painful first death. Something about the inevitability of this one felt worse. The anticipation – I was dead the moment the Wards arrived, and it's just taken me a few hours to finish dying.

The wall behind me ruptures as an explosion knocks me to the ground again the moment I pull myself back to my knees. I cough up blood, turning to see what the commotion was. Half-a-dozen capes teleport past the hole, each one looking ready to murder me. I look past them, into the hole they made.

Looks like they all aggro'd once the cop attacked me. I don't even see the blaster that takes out my legs, my attention is behind the teleporters. Behind Dauntless. Behind what I'm pretty sure was Crawler from the Slaughterhouse 9. Behind the Triumvirate, all floating in the air as the rest charge forwards. No. Behind them. A soft, golden glow fills the sky. Oddly peaceful. I can barely see the figure of the Golden Man, highlighted against the brilliant light he's holding in his hand.

And then he throws it, like Zeus himself smiting his enemies with his thunderbolt. It doesn't hurt as it washes over me and the rest of the attacking capes, in fact – what pain I was feeling is washed away as if carried by a current. Almost blissful in contrast to the phantom pain from my legs and the bullet wounds in my chest.

Thanks Scion.

You're a pretty cool guy.

FAILURE

Hint: You can gain a significant advantage in REAL and WRLD missions by observing the people around you. Patrol patterns will be unchanged, appointments will be kept and the target will still follow their usual pattern for the day of the challenge. Observe your target closely, and find an opening that you can exploit!

Note that some challenges will always be set on a certain day and time – while others might begin at the very same moment you start the scenario!​

Thanks, hint. I worked that out the moment I heard 'Clara' and 'Jog' in the same breath. Useless.

I feel my body being shoved forward before I can even see where I'm being pushed to. I'm pushed down into a chair right as I regain my vision, catching an eyeful of the porno on the screen.

My sister jumps into the free space behind me, pushing me right onto the edge of the chair as her arms encircle mine. "You can't just run into my room like that Greg." She lectures into my ear. "I'm feeling all kinds of embarrassed right now, so I'm going to have to take my revenge."

I already know where this is going, and when her hands manage to undo the buttons of my schoolwear and extract my cock – it should be no surprise that it was already fully erect. It turns out that having a highly attractive, almost-naked girl draped over my back is right up my alley.

"Such a pervert." She massages it with one hand, reaching out for the mouse with the other. "Just what were you planning to do with this, hm?"

I'm just going to accept it. There's no running from this. Especially considering I have another level past this stage for both Alice and Clara. "Would you believe me if I said nothing?"

"No." She disagrees. "I think I know exactly what my poor, perverted brother wanted to do by bursting into his sister's room during her alone time." Is that how she wanted to phrase it? "I won't stand for it, so you're going to sit here and look at porn – and I'm going to treat your body like the meat that it is. Let's see how you like it, huh?"

What is my life becoming? "Alright." I take in more details of the screen. "So, shall I just keep watching this, ah, 'Horny step-brother pounds slutty-'"

She reaches across the desk and closes the tab before I finish the title. Her face is burning red in the reflection of the screen. "Find your own! Actually, I'll find some for you."

She continues to stroke my cock as she slowly navigates through a surprisingly large number of bookmarked porn sites. My mind drifts as her delicate fingers continue to pleasure me. "Hey, Clara?"

"F-feeling sorry yet? I won't stop until we're done!" She declares, opening up a full page fanart titled 'Alexandria Defeated' with her spare hand. "You like this stuff, right? You're always leaving tabs open on your computer-" I never leave tabs open on my computer. Or any search history. Amateur mistake. I pity the fake version of myself for his weakness.

"It's not about that. It's just – isn't this weird to you? We're brother and sister, and yet you seem fine with doing things like this." I was trying to scope out the mental gymnastics that she was doing thanks to my power more than I was actually trying to stop her. Might be useful to know for the future.

"Maybe legally, but we aren't actually brother and sister – so it's totally fine." She presses against my back harder. "Though that still doesn't mean that you can burst into my room uninvited. That's not fine at all. Learn your lesson. Pervert." She's the one jacking me off because I walked in on her, how am I the pervert?

"Half-sister then." I roll my eyes. "Semantics."

She tilts her head at me. "Huh? Did Mom never tell you?" I get a sinking feeling in my chest. "Dad was really into getting cucked-" I make a plaintive attempt to cover my ears, which is blocked by the position of her arms. I had an image of my father that I really would prefer to remain intact. "-so Mom has no idea who my father actually is. Could be any of like, five people. I've met a few of them before. Pretty boring." She clicks her fingers together and taps me. "You don't know who your mom is, I don't know who my dad is – we have a matching set! All while not actually being related, funny how that works out huh?"

Was this my power? Or were things always like this? I suspected I didn't want to hear the answer. "Please don't say any more."

She pokes my cheek with a frown. "Wait, does that mean that you've been the way you are this entire time while thinking we were actually related?" I didn't want to know what 'memories' she had of me that I didn't know about. "That's degenerate of you little bro. All of that anime has corrupted you." She smirks, idly grinding herself against my back. "Well, if you're into that kind of thing – then let your big sister take care of you."

She intensifies the pace of her handjob – and now that this was apparently not actually incest, my mental resistance folds like a house of cards. It isn't long before I let out an involuntary gasp to signal my approaching climax.

She continues unabated, an almost laser-like focus to her actions as my cock twitches once, twice and then sprays a blast of my seed skyward. Some of it splatters over her hand, some droplets land onto me – but the vast majority sprays forward, directly across her desk. She lets out a shrill cry at the result of her actions. "My computer!" Clara lets go of me and dismounts from her position on my back to dash towards the screen. She rubs at it with a cloth, looking slightly incensed at having to clean it despite it being entirely her own fault. "Why'd you have to cum so much little bro?"

For my part, I just laze back into her chair and enjoy the view of the bottomless girl bending over her desk to clean off my cum. It's a nice view. Now that I've been informed that it technically isn't incest, I'm feeling a lot more relaxed about this. "I feel like I am the only innocent party here."

"Whatever." She flings the cloth aside to face me with hands-on-hips, seemingly with no awareness as to her current state of dress in front of a guy. "I hope you've learned your lesson."

"Absolutely." I reply. If I walk in on Clara at the right time, I get 'punished' with a handjob from an attractive girl. Awful.

She lets out a pleased noise. "Good. Then feel free to leave whenever you want." A tint of red creeps across her face. "I was doing important things before you arrived, and I need to get back to it immediately."

I almost leave. But I've played enough hentai games to know my next steps. "Don't let me stop you." Even aside from the fact that I was still horny, and only getting more so – I imagined that the final remaining reward for Clara would be a straight-up sexual relationship. Which made it quite likely that I could push for everything short of that. "It's only fair to let me watch now, right?"

She takes half a step back. "Wh-what gave you that idea? That was a punishment!"

"Well, I simply happened to catch a good look at you when I walked in – and that happens all the time between us right?" Educated guess, but from her reaction I think it's an accurate one. "You're the one who took things past that point. It's only fair for me to even the scales a bit, so I think I'm going to watch." I leer, scooting forward in the chair – hand inching out to cross the space between us. "Unless you would prefer me to return the favour entirely…? I'll leave the choice up to you."

She freezes in indecision, which I take as a sign to start wanking myself right in front of her. I still had juice in the tank, so to speak, so it wasn't a chore at all to bring myself back to full mast.

She doesn't move away. One hand snakes up her body to grope a breast, the other sliding over thigh to brush against her lower lips. She shifts, a flush on her face. "Little bro…" Her voice trails off as she bites her lip and starts to touch herself in earnest. "You're such a pervert. Really, the things I do for you."

She leans back onto the desk, legs widening of their own volition. One finger slips inside her slit, slow and repetitive motions seeming to be her preferred method so far. Her eyes remain locked to my cock, following every stroke I make with an almost-hungry gaze. I increase my pace, while she adds yet another finger as she mewls in response to her own ministrations.

It's an arousing sight – the knowledge that I could be losing my virginity inside her glistening core right now if I had won the last challenge is almost painful. It's amazing how quickly I came around to the idea in the end. Tomorrow. I would try out Alice's final challenge later, even if I did expect to lose. Then, tomorrow I would claim them both.

More so than I already had. Or was about to. I stand, still beating away at my cock. She follows my movements with wide-eyes, not doing anything to conceal her exposed body as she fingers herself to ever-higher peaks of ecstasy. I come to a halt right in front of her, my intentions immediately clear. She shifts slightly. "Again? All over your sister?"

I grin. "You're goddamn right." I blow my load at the perfect time, the first ropey strings of cum landing at almost the very instant that she begins quivering and shaking from her own orgasm. She's already sitting in a small puddle of juices, but my blast sprays fully across her chest – her shaking only encourages my seed to pool together and drip downwards with the help of gravity. A small pool forms in her belly-button, while white streams fall from her well-rounded breasts, down her side and come to an eventual stop at her hips.

I take in the scene.

Mine.

I shake my head. Unable to hide the satisfied grin on my face. "See you later sis."

"Pervert! Knock next time or else!" She barely misses me with a cushion as I duck out of the room.

I'm not horny anymore, but I need to get a look at Mom's challenge as soon as I can. Every day that goes by without me beating both of them is a day wasted.

And now I'm fully sold on the idea of the two bitches I shared the house with being transformed over the span of mere days into… well, my two bitches. It's for a good cause. I need to get past this tutorial, nothing I can do about it – and, in all honesty. Nothing that I would do about it now.

Alice blinks as I poke my head into the living room. "Are you alright Greg? Looking for something?" She makes a questioning face.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 8/8

(ZONE) (REAL)​

I ignore her. "Challenge." Another new modifier. ZONE. That could mean a lot of things, the previous modifiers were fairly simple – so I'm sure this will quickly become apparent as well.

I blink as the ceiling fails to fill in, belatedly realising that I've been dropped outside – staring up at the night sky. Ahead of me is the usual gate to my house, nothing unusual. What is unusual is the gigantic wall of holographic hexagons that encircles an area about ten metres from all points of the house. I walk back towards it, halfway into the road before I prod it. It's as solid as it looks, and seems to be a solid candidate for the ZONE modifier.

I can't leave? Doesn't look like I can reach parts of the back garden or the neighbours' houses either. Not the worst obstacle, I almost always keep myself limited to the house anyway. Nothing's forced me to leave aside from the disastrous first attempt, my arrest and me acquiring supplies for the house fire. I doubted that would have changed for this one anyway.

It's dark enough that I can stroll around outside the house with relative impunity and not be concerned about being spotted. The windows all seem locked, both doors as well. Lights are on upstairs, and I can just spy my sister lounging around the kitchen waiting for something to finish cooking in the oven.

I'm going to have to break in one way or the other, and it's going to be loud.

Why couldn't we keep a key under a gnome or something like any other household?

I head to my trusty shed, it doesn't matter if it's locked – the window on the side has been smashed for as long as I can remember, I cut myself slightly on the glass as I heave myself in but it's a small price to pay to arm myself with my weapon of choice. I throw the axe out onto the grass before clambering out the way I came, thankfully without further injury.

Now. Plan? I don't think I had one. Or particularly needed one. There weren't any modifiers of note other than REAL – and while the presence of my sister was surprising, it ultimately didn't change anything. I could break-in, chase her down and then go and re-enact a horror movie with my mother immediately after. In every iteration, my sister had been the easiest of them all to overpower. Her being upstairs only made things easier, keeping her away from the kitchen knives.

Based on the last challenge I did, my gut told me that stalling and waiting for Clara to go upstairs was a non-starter. The simulation didn't like me waiting aimlessly hoping for the situation to improve. Inactivity would cause it to make my life harder, it might be more flexible considering I would be waiting with a plan – but I don't think I even needed the extra time, without another modifier to worry about it should be a simple win for me.

Well then. Best get to it. I opt to break into the living room first rather than the kitchen, my hope being that Clara would come running to find what the noise of breaking glass was – instead of running away from the axe-wielding psychopath breaking through the kitchen window.

The axe proves remarkably effective at making a hole, but not so effective at making one that's easily cleared by me without more cuts. I barrel through anyway, landing just as my sister turns the lights on – staring at my bloodied, sprawled form in horror before screaming and running away.

There goes that plan. I chase after her – there's nowhere to really run except the kitchen and the stairs. She goes for the stairs, probably hoping to hide in her room. I'm faster than her up the stairs, taking them two at a time to close the gap between us faster and faster. I barely make it in time to lodge the door to her room open with my foot, requiring another second to throw my body weight against the door to send her sprawling. She tries to backpedal away from me. "Please, don't do th-"

Thunk.

Easy. The hardest part is the effort required to dislodge the axe afterwards. I turn and make my way through the door again. This shouldn't end until Alice died as well, I hadn't heard anything so I could only assume that she was hiding somewhere.

"That's as far as you go." A gruff voice sounds. Close. Too close. I glance up blankly. Scruffy beard. Stupid baseball cap. Unfriendly look in his eye. Vicious looking shotgun cradled at the hip. Dad. Johnny Veder himself. Back from the dead. With a shotgun. Can't forget the shotgun.

There's a pang in my gut at the sight, eyes turning slightly watery. "Why-" I begin, immediately before my world is filled with pain – a dull roar the only indication of what exactly it was that hit me. My chest feels like it's been run over by a truck, a blurry glance at the wall behind me shows at least a scattering of bloody holes and marks where the shells passed through me and then through the wall. It takes me a moment to work out from the angle of the wall and the painting on it that I've already fallen to the floor.

I give a wet noise of protest as a boot presses heavily onto my chest, the shotgun now pointed directly at my head. My dad gives a humourless grin. "Maybe this will teach you to stay away from my family!"

The pain doesn't quite register before I die, which is probably a mercy.

FAILURE​

No shit. Who invited my dad? I mean, it was nice to see him – but some warning would have been nice. Not to mention the gun, I don't remember him ever being big on those when I was around. Something for the challenge? Or just an aspect of his past personality? There certainly shouldn't be any guns around the house normally, I would have used them for every challenge yet if there was. I quickly read the smaller text below the result.

Hint: ZONE challenges are often well-defended locations that require planning to break into. Alerting your enemies too early can swiftly lead to you being overwhelmed by their superior numbers and firepower!

Plan your attack to make your first strike as crippling to their defences as you can, then take down as many enemies as you can before they raise the alarm! Note, some ZONE missions will allow targets to evacuate if they reach certain vehicles, exits or capes. If the target successfully extracts, increasingly powerful enemies will start to spawn and the following modifiers will be applied to all NPC units: (BERS) (LUST) (FOCS) (CTRL) (ALRT) (HUNT)​

That's a lot of modifiers that I'm not familiar with. The fact that they can be applied to people is a hint about their nature on it's own, but I can only make guesses about them at this point. I don't think evacuation was a possibility on this challenge – I didn't see mother, but if she was upstairs then she never tried to flee. Clara didn't seem to think that it was an option either, based on how she tried running to her room and blocking me out.

I sigh, drawing a curious glance from both of them. I shake my head, bemused. "Nothing, just working out some plans for tomorrow." And it would have to be tomorrow, the timers on these were longer than they had been for previous challenges. Six hours left on Clara. Eight on Alice. Would they continue climbing if I failed again? Would other people have higher numbers as well?

I would find out, undoubtedly.

Tomorrow.



I awaken bright and early the next day. Today was the day I finished the tutorial. It was likely also going to be the day that the household was going to complete its transition into falling entirely under my sway if the rewards continued going as they had so far. I wasn't going to lie to myself anymore, I was looking forward to it. Apparently my morals are surprisingly easy to squish once the possibility of handing in my V-card becomes real.

I stroll down the stairs, bouncing with unusual confidence. My sister half-turns to look at me as I arrive at the bottom. "A bit early today bro?"

"Had something to do." I murmur distractedly, heading towards her as she turns back around to stare into the microwave hungrily. I slip my hands under her shirt absently. "Quick question, what's your usual jogging route these days?"

She doesn't resist as my hands slide over her toned belly, slowly creeping higher with every second I go unchallenged. "Mm? Through the park to the train station, back along the street to where the bus picks up and then straight back here along the road. Why, planning to join?"

"Maybe another time. Challenge." The feeling of her soft skin splinters and vanishes into nothing, the world reforming just as fast as usual.

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 7/8

(REAL) (WRLD) (TIME)
​
I check my watch. The same time as my first challenge on this round. I slip downstairs. She got back to the house shortly after the police arrived. About… six minutes in? I didn't jog, but I didn't think it was an unfair guess to say that it took about three minutes to the bus stop. That meant she was somewhere between there and the train station right now, approaching the house.

I dive downstairs in a rush. Alice isn't paying much attention to me, and I quickly tuck a knife into my back pocket at the same time as I grab the keys for her car. A bruised and battered old thing, but fully functional. I knew the vague mechanics of how to drive – and I manage to get the car started and trundling out of the drive without any issue.

The road is fortunately quiet, I don't do anything complicated or suspicious. Just driving in a straight line down the road, keeping an eye out for my sister coming the other way.

I don't see her on the way up, and after more than a few stop-and-starts I manage to spin the car around in a 180. I sit and wait, not even a full minute later I am rewarded. My sister crosses the road in front of me, clad in running bottoms and a sports bra – coated in a thin sheen of sweat and most importantly, not immediately noticing that I was the guy in the car across the road.

I let her get a head start, letting another car curve around me and go on his way before I get the car moving again. Accelerate. Accelerate. Gear change. Accelerate again. I fly past a red-light, almost entirely on top of her before she looks behind her to see what the loud noise getting closer to her was. I catch a brief look at her shocked face before two tonnes of iron and steel send her bouncing down the road like a ragdoll.

There's a storm of shocked beeps and car horns around me, but ultimately nobody stops me from driving up to her fallen body. They probably assumed that I was going to help her. She stares up at me with hatred as I approach, already retrieving the knife from my pocket. Her limbs are at a funny angle, and she doesn't make even the smallest attempt at moving them.

I don't want, or need, to guess at the state of her injuries.

Shink.

None of it's real. It's all over now.

SUCCESS

Reward: Clara Veder +​

My hands are already back in position before I even see what's happening, now blatantly groping her breasts as she grinds her ass back into me.

"What's gotten into you this morning?" She quizzes, an amused lilt to her voice.

One hand drops to the lower half of her clothes, slowly drawing them down. "Do I need a reason?"

She harrumphs. "No, but you aren't usually this energetic at this time. I feel like I should be worried for you." She stops my hand with her own, pulling the bottom half of her outfit down in a no-nonsense fashion. "I've got a class to get to soon, so stop teasing me and fuck me already." Her now-bare ass presses back at me again.

"Greg! Clara!" I groan as Alice enters the room.

Talk about bad timing. "Challenge."

TUTORIAL

VEDER HOUSEHOLD 8/8

(ZONE) (REAL)
​
This time I take my time, easing my way into the shed and grabbing myself both my regular axe and a sealed, unmarked cardboard box. This time I wouldn't be trying anything reckless. The modifiers weren't all purely negative for me. WRLD and REAL, in particular, let me abuse and anticipate the likely reaction of my targets – something that I had been thinking of overnight.

So instead of bursting through the tough window, and putting the entire house on alert – I drop the cardboard box a few steps in front of the door and ring the doorbell. Hiding just around the corner gives me a perfect ambush position. Why break-in when someone can open the door for me?

The door opens. "Hello?" Clara pokes her head through, taking a second to look around. I don't move from around the corner, barely able to see her shadow moving on the ground. She seems to notice the box, stepping away from the house and crouching down to investigate. That's when I finally step forward. I'm used to the axe now. A solid connection right at the top of the spine and she crumples noiselessly, I didn't know if she would die immediately – and I didn't really care. The door was open, and one enemy was down.

I didn't want to try and fight my way into my parents' room. For all I know, Dad keeps the gun under his pillow or something. No, I need to abuse the REAL modifier again. I walk to the kitchen, drag a chair over to the centre of the room – and using it as a stand I poke the test button of the fire alarm.

The immediate burst of noise is near-deafening, but it's sure to bring the two upstairs running once it doesn't stop immediately. I can't hear their conversation, but I can hear the door slamming.

It's my father that comes storming into the kitchen. "Clara! How many times have I told you-" He reels as I slam the sharp edge of the axe in a blind swing from the blind spot next to the door. Blood splatters as I feel something in the axe give way. I toss it away, noting the awkward angle that the blade was now at. I run across the room and grab two of the shorter kitchen knives. Less likely to break, easier to stab with.

He's on the floor, still not comprehending what happened. I approach, a slight sinking feeling in my stomach as he whimpers pitifully. This… was possibly the only kill I felt bad about to date. I only had good memories of my father. Alice and Clara used to be terrors, I didn't know the faceless friends that had been involved in Clara's challenge.

It's not real.

He whimpers again, trying to speak.

I look away, swallowing a bit of bile in my throat. Just need to end it. Make it quick. That's how I wanted to go out when things were reversed. "Goodbye, Dad."

I make a small, violent motion. He stops moving. I repeat myself a dozen times – I know how long I can cling to life with serious injuries. This might not be real, but I didn't want to inflict that on him. The end result looks more like an abstract painting than a human person, but I'm sure that he isn't alive and in pain anymore. That's all the mercy I can give.

…that wasn't the way I wanted to see him again, but it's nice in its own way. Somehow better than just being there one day, dead and gone the next. As twisted as it sounds. I clench the knife harder in my hands as I march up the stairs. I had to follow through. The only way is forward. Become the new man of the house. Get past this tutorial. Change the world.

Even if I didn't get any other rewards from my power, the amount of good I could do if I just crossed eyes with a villain only briefly was phenomenal. I didn't know what my power would do to guys yet, but becoming a heroic version of Heartbreaker wasn't a bad thing.

Actually that comparison was awful and probably too fitting. I would just have to hope that my power kept me concealed on that front, at least until I was more set-up than I am now.

I don't go through the door myself, I just sit and wait. I won't be reckless here. She would come out on her own – the alarm was still going strong, she would lose patience eventually.

After a minute she still hasn't come out, but after two, the doorknob shifts. I stab her in the stomach before she's even pulled the door open. The other knife swinging in wide to stab her in the side. I ignore the gasp, the scream and the begging for mercy that comes immediately afterwards.

It's over. She tries to wrestle one knife from me, unable to stop the second as it finds its way directly into her eye. My arm slips through her head as both knife and body become immaterial.

I let out a sigh. Finished. Eight out of eight.

Onto the real challenge, I assumed. The rest of the world.

SUCCESS

Reward: Alice Veder +​

"Mom." I call out behind me, immediately resuming my task of groping my sister. "Get over here."

"Coming!" I hear her set something down on the table and then hurry over.

Both of them maxed out according to my power. Nothing else to do. "You're both… obedient, right?" Alice tilts her head at me. "You're going to do as I say." It feels right. I know that it's true.

"Greggie I am the adult of the house." Alice gives me an amused grin. "Don't think that just because you're a boy-"

"Strip." She pouts, whipping her shirt up and over her head before starting to work at her bra.

"I'm only doing this because I need some loving too. Don't think that I won't ground you just because of your dick." I listen to the words, but they're meaningless. Actions speak far louder than words. It only takes a moment before her naked body is obediently presented before me, like a puppy expecting a treat. The personality is there. At least, the new personality. Like she's just submitting unconsciously and justifying it to herself in whatever way she can.

"Whatever." My pants drop down to gather at my ankles. "You just kneel down there and watch as I take your daughter." She drops to the floor obediently. There's a dark pleasure in it. Ironically somewhat muted by the fact that her new personality hasn't really done anything revenge-worthy. But I can't quite let go of several years worth of built-up spite that easily. If nothing else, I knew that the woman she used to be would have hated this with every fibre of her being. That's enough for me.

Clara presses back at me, not quite able to insert my dick herself. "I have a bus to catch. Hurry up already. If you just want to ogle my ass then do it in your own time."

I press forward on command, succeeding at lodging myself inside her where her efforts had failed. She gasps briefly at the insertion, placing hands on the counter in front of her to support herself. I don't pause to let her gather herself, simply powering on forwards as I finally, finally, cashed in my virginity. It lives up to the hype. Soft, velvety walls press down around me as I piston in and out of her tight slit with everything that I have. Better than masturbation. Way better. From the sounds she's making, I'm confident that she's enjoying it too.

One detail can't help but catch my attention. Not enough to get me to stop, but enough to cause me to question it. "Hey, Mom?" She perks up. "I've fucked Clara plenty of times before, right?"

"Greg! Mind your language." She scolds, before relenting. "But, I suppose you have been like this for a while. Why?"

I look down at the smudged droplets of blood that have already been smeared across my dick. Broken hymen. "No reason." This was proof. My power tried to adjust everything it could to support the changes it made, but it wasn't perfect. It missed things. Occasional inconsistencies. Nothing concrete. It even remembered to add my sister's characters to my friend list in every game that I had tried yesterday. My online guild buddies had asked me to say hello for them the next time that I saw her. But clearly, it didn't get everything. Otherwise, I wouldn't be taking my sister's virginity when I had apparently already taken it months, if not years ago in their new memories. It seemed basic, but that's what it was.

Or perhaps my power just didn't really understand people. It skipped the steps between one stage of a relationship and the next, ticked all the boxes for 'In a relationship' that it could find, leaving Clara and Alice in a state where sex was a perfectly regular, common-place and expected activity despite never actually having done it with me. It can handle data fine. Chat logs. Photos. Perception. Some fake memories that lacked just enough detail to not quite stand under scrutiny.

It's all guesswork on my part, but in either case, it meant I needed to display some degree of caution around thinkers. Everything looked fine from a distance. But if I could find an inconsistent detail up close and personal, then someone with a power might be able to as well.

…not that I needed to be worried about that right now, when I was balls-deep inside the most attractive girl in the room and miles away from any capes. I return my focus to the hot, moist core in front of me – pressing deeper and further than I had previously, taking my own pleasure at the higher notes being extracted from Clara's throat.

My hands weren't idle either, having had an enjoyable grope of her breasts – now I had brought them down her body to rest on her ass. Alternating between squeezing a handful and using them as handholds to drive myself deeper, I was almost spoilt for choice in terms of just how lewd her body was.

She makes an impatient noise as her own watch beeps at her. "F-fuck. My bus. How long are you going to take? I have to clean myself up after this."

I don't release my pressure on her. "As long as it takes. You'll just have to wait until I cum, even if that means missing class." I'm half-joking. I mostly want to see her response.

"A-as if I'm going to wait that long!" She doesn't move to leave, despite the words. In fact, the only thing she does is start slamming herself back onto my cock - taking my full length in earnest for the first time.

"Alright." It's not like I don't have an education to get to as well. My cock shivers in warning. "I'll hurry up and cum then. As soon as you tell me when and where you want it." I glance at the time. "And you don't have any time to clean up afterwards. You'll need to run straight there."

"You're an ass." She mutters under her breath. "Just cum inside me. Right where you are. I'm on the pill, it doesn't matter."

I accede to her request almost on-demand. A hot flood of sticky cum billows out of my cock and plasters her inner walls in increasingly powerful spurts. I make a few more slow thrusts to ensure that I've milked the last of it out inside her, before extracting my thoroughly soaked dick from her leaking cunt.

"Finally." She turns to face me, rolling her eyes as if I had taken too long in the bathroom. Her face is still red and flushed, a hint of shakiness still rolling throughout her body – but it looks like she's ready to go. She pulls her panties up, ignoring the wet squish that they make as they are pressed against her dripping snatch. The rest of her clothes follow a moment later, and before I can say anything else she's retrieved her meal, donned her bag and sprinted out of the door.

There she goes. My prim and proper sister will be spending most of the day chatting up her friends while sitting in panties absolutely soaked with my seed. Nice.

Alice shifts on her knees. "You need to get ready as we-" I frown at her, making a shushing noise. I was having a moment. No need to ruin it by nagging, however well-intentioned.

"It's fine. I'm going to have a shower and then catch the late bus in." I tell her, already thinking of my plan for the day. "I'll see you in the afternoon." I could waste time with her now, but after the last day and a half, I was more sexually drained that I had ever been before. I simply wasn't up to it right now.

My late arrival at school draws a few raised eyebrows, but nothing comes of it aside from a stern reprimand from a teacher. Irrelevant. Really. I was a thousand miles away while they lectured me about punctuality. Thinking about my next target. Hell, my next target could be the teacher. The newly-unlocked padlock tempted me, but I wanted the first to be special.

…who was I kidding. It was going to be Taylor. We shared the next class together. If I arrived late enough she would already be sat down when I arrived, and nobody else ever sat next to her – which would let me cruise into prime position.

And then?

Bam.

Knock her off her feet with as many challenges as I can blitz through in a row. How many before I drop the first time? Three? I think I could manage three. I liked Taylor, don't get me wrong. But she's kind of weedy, has no friends other than me and probably isn't much good in a fight.

It was pretty likely that she would be even easier to deal with than Clara. I might not even need any convoluted strategies unless the modifiers are particularly harsh. It wouldn't even be a challenge. Somewhere in my soul, I felt five words resonate within me at the prospect of the upcoming fight.

"Meh, I can take her."


AN: Tutorial complete! Please clap. Greg has died twice this chapter and possibly developed an irrational hatred for guns not being a one-hit-kill like they are in all the good video games.

Next chapter I'll go a bit more into Cape challenges and a few other types of rewards that Greg can get out of challenges that aren't trivially "easy". We are post-locker and somewhere vaguely around the start of the actual canon. No hard and fast dates because I can't remember any of them without the wiki in front of me.
Last edited: Dec 7, 2019
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,172 others
Tamzar
Nov 9, 2019
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Three
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Dec 5, 2019
Add bookmark
#48
"Heyyy, Taylor!" I plonk down on the chair next to her with a suave grin. There's a titter from the class as they marvel at my smooth moves. Taylor doesn't respond, if anything it almost seems like her head sinks further down into the desk. Guess she didn't hear me. "Hey, Taylor! How are you today?"

"I heard you the first time Greg." Is the muted reply, still not turning to face me.

"Good." I nod. "Good! Lots to think about before you give your answer then? I've had lots to think about recently too. Can't blame you! Just me being a little impatient. You know me!" I let out a slightly awkward smile. Nailed it. I think.

"Mm." She replies non-committedly. Not much of a conversationalist. That's probably why we fit together so well. Both somewhat social outcasts, not great at expressing our true feelings. It was a struggle to pick that up from behind her moody act, but I managed it eventually. I would probably be moody too if I had people picking on me around the clock at school.

Well. That wasn't entirely true. The main three girls? Sophia, Madison and Emma? They could bully me all they liked. I could take it. More than take it. Who wouldn't want someone like Emma willingly spending time around you and constantly making a disgusted face down at you? Honestly.

I imagine the novelty would wear off after a while though.

I blink as someone sits between us, belatedly realising that she's accidentally moved far enough away from me that there was a spot between her and me. Pretty rude of someone to just push their way in between two obvious friends like that. "Hey-" I begin, protest dying on my lips as I realise the sheer size of the guy who took the spot.

The mountain-sized man slowly turns to face me. Bald-head turning on a swivel to focus his beady eyes onto me, a guy at least a third of his size. "You talkin' to me?"

"It- ah, it was nothing. Thought you were someone I knew." I flick my eyes to the padlock next to his face, then to Taylor's behind him. My chance at conversation might be gone for now, but that didn't stop me from having a go at the challenge.

I look at the giant that had seated himself next to me first.

JOHAN STEELE

EMPIRE THUG 1/3

(CAGE) (BERS)​

A cage match with that guy? If I could stay out of reach long enough for another weapon to spawn, maybe it was possible… but still not ideal for me in my current state. I move my head to the side to catch a glimpse of Taylor and her padlock.

TAYLOR HEBERT

SCHOOL-GIRL 1/8

(WRLD)​

Eight challenges to herself? That was different. The first one should be nice and easy though, only a single WRLD modifier. I'll knock that one out now. "Challenge." The barest whisper is enough and I fall through the floorboards into the void as the world spins around me.

I don't appear in my room, but at the western entrance to the school – as if I had just gotten off of the bus. Students mill around to my left and right, but I ignore them as I sit and think for a moment.

A weapon… there was no shortage of them around Winslow. Even just walking into the boys changing rooms during a gym class would probably find me a knife or two if I was lucky enough. I knew for a fact that there were guns around somewhere as well, but those were far better hidden – I would probably have to be part of a gang to even find out how to contact a guy who knew how to contact another guy to get them out for use. Out of the question for now, but definitely worth considering in the future.

For now? A knife sounded good. I start to drift over to the sports track. It had never been my thing and none of my classes were over there, so it took a while for me to recall the way to actually get to the boys changing rooms. I up-end a fair number of bags once inside, leaving a sprawling mess of clothes, books, towels and other items which I would prefer not to list. In the end, I'm rewarded with a single knife. Nothing impressive. Just a small little thing to shank an unsuspecting victim. Stabby-stab-stab.

It would do.

Task two was to find Taylor. Easier said than done. My phone told me it was apparently Thursday. I didn't share a lesson with her in the mornings, so I had no idea where she might be. What else did she take? Art?

I knew where the Art block was. I could start there. Nobody challenged me in the corridors, most students were either enjoying their free period or already inside the classrooms. I peek through the windows on the doors, drawing some strange looks. Not there. I repeat the motion on the rest of the rooms. Nada.

Not Computing. Not Cape Studies. Not Art. What else did she study? Was she just skipping class today? No. She didn't have the REAL modifier. The odds were good that she was waiting in a single spot somewhere, robotically going through the same motions until she noticed me. She would probably stay there all day if I left her to it.

I race through the school, checking class after class. Nothing. Even after the bell rings for lunch almost an hour after I had first started. She doesn't appear in the canteen. If I knew where she lived I would almost consider heading over there at this point.

But I was certain that my power had put me in front of the school for a reason. And if this whole thing isn't even real anyway, then the possibility of further dropping my street cred is exactly zero percent no matter what I do.

I cross the canteen floor. "Sophia Hess!"

One of her flunkies blocks my path, but she's shoved aside by the black girl as she turns to face me. "Who the fuck are you?"

"He's the loser following Hebert around like a lost puppy." Madison drawls. "Greg Vader. Veda. Something like that."

"Veder." I absently correct. "That's not the point. I just wanted to ask where Taylor is. Thought you might know."

"Hebert? Maybe we know. Maybe we don't." Sophia smirks, shoving me backwards with a cocky expression. "What's it worth to you?"

I flounder for a moment. "Uh, an IOU?" Considering this whole thing would disappear the moment the challenge ended, building up some debt and favours didn't bother me at all.

She snorts. "Sounds to me like you don't want to know enough. Get lost, nerd."

"Hang on a sec-" She turns away, and the way is suddenly blocked by an unfriendly-looking gaggle of her supporters. I grit my teeth and turn away. Right idea. Wrong execution. None of them wanted to be seen interacting with me and they needed to look tough in front of their friends.

If I knew them better, or perhaps even had already bested them in a challenge or two then I was sure that I could get something out of them.

The big three would always be surrounded by their fans or each other, and there was no chance that I could catch them alone to interrogate them properly. Their loyal fans, on the other hand, orbited them like clockwork. They were bound to know something.

I wait until the end of lunch. A solid half-hour of waiting outside until they finally start to split off and head to their next classes.

Two split off from the pack early, heading towards the science block. The bell has already gone by the time they reach the building, and classes already seem to have started. Science wasn't exactly the most popular subject in the school, seeing as most people that were good at it tended to go to literally any other school in the bay. Those factors neatly combined to make the hallways almost abandoned as they strolled through without a care in the world.

Moments before I'm about to start approaching them, I get my first stroke of luck of the day.

"Kate? I'll catch up. Going to head to the restroom real quick." She veers off at a crossroads to split with her friend.

The friend makes a frustrated noise. "Again? Whatever. See you in a bit."

I hesitate for a moment before jogging slightly to close the large distance I had left between myself and them as I followed them. Better to follow the one to the toilets. Further away from the classrooms if there were any screams. Isolated.

I don't turn the final corner until I hear the door shut, then approach nonchalantly and put my ear to the door. A full minute passes with barely any noise of note. Not likely to be anyone else inside then.

I push open the door lightly, bracing myself for an outraged scream – but aside from the single occupied stall, the room is completely empty. I breathe a quiet sigh of relief before stepping inside.

I lurk in the stall next to hers until I hear her getting ready to move. The very second she opens the door I'm barrelling her back through it, her head colliding with the back wall as she struggles in my grip to get my hand away from her mouth. "I have a knife. If you scream-" I wince, tears entering my eyes briefly as she bites down on my hand. I press the blade against her insistently, she releases my hand and attempts to pull her neck away. "-then I will kill you."

She tries to knee me but doesn't have the right angle. I jab her in the lower chest and cover her mouth again to slightly mute the scream. It was a shallow wound. Nothing serious.

She quietens down, eyes wide with panic as I settle the blade delicately against her throat again. "Like I was saying. Don't scream. Don't fight. Or I will stab you. Again." She nods minutely, intimately aware of her position. "Now, I just have a few simple questions for you and I'll be gone. Where can I find Taylor Hebert?"

I ease up on the knife to let her speak. "That's what this is about?" She gives out a half laugh of disbelief. "You do realise that you're going to get expelled for this right? Arrested. Your life is over. I have connections. You're fucking dead. You'll be ripped to shreds before you can even escape the city." She smirks. "Tell you what. You walk away now, and I'll give you a head-start before-" She chokes as I prod her previous stab wound. Must have missed the lung if she's talking so well.

Knowing exactly how fucked I would be if this was real life was inconsequential to me. "I will stab you again if you don't give me an answer."

"I don't know." She spits at me. "And I don't care either. Sophia talked about finding her crying in the toilets and messing with her a bit. I don't know if she's still there or not, she probably went home."

She wouldn't have moved since the challenge had started unless someone had forced her to. "When was this, and which toilets?"

"Don't know. Don't care." She presses a hand against my chest, trying to leverage my weight away. "Are we done here?"

Fuck. Girl's toilets, or gone home. "Yeah, we're done." I plant the blade in her throat and pull away. No sense leaving her to call the police on me early.

The first of the female toilets I barge into comes to an immediate disaster. I barely have time to verify that none of the stalls are in use before an extremely angry Asian girl hurls a right hook into my face and kicks me out of the door. She seems slightly mollified at me sprinting away as if my life depended on it, or at least that's the way it seemed by her not giving chase.

The second and third don't result in physical violence, but would still spell the absolute end of any street cred that I had if this was reality. As it was, it was all that I could do not to cringe off the face of the earth at the new lows my reputation was hitting in this alternate Winslow.

The fourth block of toilets has two occupied stalls. I knock on both of them, but have to physically climb up the door to peek over the side of the second one while getting screamed at by the occupant of the first. Only to come face-to-face with a furious blonde glaring at me with her underwear around her ankles.

All failures, so far. My face also hurts. There were plenty of other blocks to check out, technically. But only one that I felt was actually that likely. If she wasn't here, she was already home by the time of the challenge. The run-down toilets next to the janitor's storage room. Barely anyone used them, which only made it a more likely target.

I kick open the door, ignoring the slight following of angry students following in my wake. I wave a fly out of my face. "Taylor?" I hear movement from one of the stalls, the only one that looks to be occupied. I knock on the door, preparing myself to physically break it down if I had to. I brace one foot behind me, before frowning at the strange texture of the floor.

I wasn't expecting my foot to make a crunching sound. I glance down, immediately noticing a small flood of beetles and insects gathering around my foot and racing up my leg. Attempting to shake them off does nothing, only buying time for a dozen flies to start flitting in front of my face. I bat them away to buy myself a brief moment of respite – but that only gives me vision of yet more bugs flying in through the window and trooping in underneath the door.

Cape.

I stare at the shoes just visible behind the stall door. She's the cape?

A hundred separate stinging sensations across my lower body tells me the exact moment when the clearly cape-controlled bugs decide to attack. I let out a pained scream, which in itself proves to be a mistake as some of the flying insects take the chance to dive into my mouth and down my throat. The effect on me is immediate, I double over – gagging and coughing in an attempt to clear my airway. The ground-based bugs have already made their way up underneath my shirt, and a set of spiders are crawling over my eyes. I shut them, stumbling towards the door in the darkness.

A stinging sensation across my neck only vaguely registers as a wasp, a repeated attack into my eye-lid and both hands a second later tells me that she's found a wasp nest somewhere.

I'm not quite sure when I fell to the ground, but rolling around to try and crush the bugs is as ineffective as I had suspected. I still can't breathe, and every second that passes feels like it's going to be my last.

Already, I feel detached. It's agonizing. I don't think I've ever felt something quite so painful before as being eaten alive by a horde of creepy-crawlies as your windpipe is blocked, every pained breath only inviting more bugs to crawl inside. I'm going to die.

But that's fine. I claw at the bugs on my eyes, briefly revealing the blurry figures of the crowd that had started to follow me ever since my previous toilet raids. A few people scream and run, others whip out phones to record me. None of them look to call the PRT or even pretend to act particularly interested in my fate. As expected. The challenge is biased against the challenger, after all. Otherwise, the solution to every problem would be for me to call the police on the violent cape and let them handle it.

I might be about to die. But now I knew. Taylor Hebert was a cape. At least, she was in this challenge. It was likely that she was in real-life as well, I couldn't know that for sure... but I felt that it was a safe bet. It made sense. I hadn't heard of a bug-related cape around here before, so she must be new. The locker incident? That seemed likely. Very new. Probably hadn't even gone out yet considering the absence of commentary on the PHO rumour mill.

Darkness overtakes me as consciousness finally slips from my grasp.

FAILURE​

Hint: Consider researching your opponent's powers in adv-​

I swipe my hand through the hint in annoyance as I slam back into the world of the living. A deep gasp draws a comforting amount of air into my lungs. That was nasty. That was extremely unpleasant. I could sit down for days and still not run out of words to describe how shit the last three minutes was for me.

I focus on bringing my breathing under control. The real world is about to fade back in and I don't need anyone thinking I'm having a panic attack in the middle of class.

My desk shimmers back into view once more and I breathe a small sigh of relief. Looks like falling unconscious hasn't caused me any issues out in the real world.

I doodle into my notebook in thought for a moment, ignoring the teacher's lecture. Bug powers of some description. Not creating them – they had come pouring in through the doors and the windows. Just generic control then? That was a pretty weak power, ignoring the fact that I had died to it when she caught me off guard.

What should I do for the next attempt? A dozen cans of RAID probably wouldn't be enough. A flamethrower? One of those suits that beekeepers wear? I pause on that last one. I didn't know where to get one of those, but protective clothing was a worthwhile idea if I started struggling after next time. Attacking the bugs directly was probably going to be like beating back the tide with a stick, I didn't know how large the range was – but the ground was covered in a black tide only a few dozen or so seconds after I had first entered the room. She must already have a pretty large army in the area.

How fast could I break down the door in a hurry? I cast my gaze across the class. Checking likely modifiers as I went. CAGE. TIME. EVNT. I frown at the last one. That's new. I'll have to look at that later. HUNT. ALRT. My gaze settles on a brunette by the window seat, probably a merchant given how out of it she looks.

CATHERINE REESE

Meth-Addict 1/3

(WRLD)​

That was ideal. Something that didn't put immediate pressure on me to act quickly, and allowed me to explore at my own pace. "Challenge."

I spawn outside of the school gym. I immediately turn 180 degrees and walk back towards the main campus. I wasn't that interested in the probable merchant. If I won or lost, it didn't matter at all.

It only takes a few minutes to arrive at the site of my previous death. I open the door without care, nobody used these shitty toilets - apart from Taylor apparently. Now then. She was in the second-left cubicle, right? I enter and shut myself in – eyeing the lock with an appraising look. It didn't look particularly strong. I clamber over the side to the next stall, then come back around to the outside of the now-locked stall.

I sprint directly into it, shoulder tucked in low and arms covering my head as best as I could. The door doesn't go flying open, but there is a satisfying crack as plastic starts to break under the strain. I ram it again, one half of the lock detaching from the blow – letting me brute-force the rest of my way in with a final shove.

I catch my breath for a moment. Not that hard. It only took a few seconds at most, and even if Taylor pushed her entire body weight against the door I don't think the door would hold out for long. She couldn't stop me from breaking the lock, and if she insisted on remaining by the door it would become all too easy for me to stab her around any tiny gap I forced open.

I nodded to myself. Keep it simple. Go straight through the front door and take her down before I got overwhelmed. Her bugs were annoying, but ultimately nothing that had actual stopping power. With any luck I would be able to knife her before I got eaten alive.

…wow. That's a sentence I never thought I would say before.

Anyway. Time to get out of here. I had started this challenge next to the gym, so I assumed that was where I could find my target. I jog my way over there, not bothering to go and find a weapon – I didn't really care about some random merchant becoming a friend of mine or not. I could always sweep through the school later, hopefully when every fight wasn't a life or not-really-death struggle.

A few minutes later, I take a single step through the doorway and come face-to-face with a screaming banshee charging straight towards me. I backstep and slam the door in her face, but she continues on despite the painful impact – shoving past the door and lunging at me with a wild expression on her face. Claws rake at my arms as I attempt to punch back at her, but either my punches just suck at connecting on someone trying to crawl all over me like a wild animal, or she just isn't feeling pain at all right now thanks to whatever drugs are rushing through her system.

Giving up on more traditional fighting methods, I grab a fistful of her hair to seize the back of her head, and then smash my own forehead into her face. That seems to give her pause for a moment as she stumbles back – but my celebration is cut short when she reaches into her back pocket and pulls out a sharpened blade that could only generously be called a knife or dagger. Shiv, would probably be the best descriptor. A hunk of metal that happened to be sharp and pointy.

I'm not getting that off of her that easily. I roll my eyes, tilting my neck upwards as she lunges again.

At least it gets me out of here quicker.

FAILURE​

I swipe away the generic hint before it even resolves into letters. Don't care.

I stretch my arms out and yawn noisily before the world starts reforming. I'm oddly tired. Not sure if that's just my power putting a cost on challenging someone, or if it's simply the fact that I've already been 'awake' long enough for it to be well into the afternoon already. Guess I'll find out after a bit of trial and error over the next few days.

Today though? I'll just have to find something else to do until Taylor's timer runs out. I glance over as she shimmers back into view. Four hours cooldown for failing the first challenge. I wonder how much the final challenge would be? Would it cap out somewhere? Or would I be stuck waiting weeks for a rematch?

It didn't matter at the moment, I suppose. I should just focus on finding someone else to look at in the meantime. I glance around the class again. I saw an EVNT modifier earlier. May as well see what that does. I narrow my eyes towards the boy.

GUS VANKLEY

EMPIRE CO-ORDINATOR 1/3

(EVNT)
​
More empire gangsters. I shouldn't be surprised really. At least two-thirds of the class belonged to some gang or another, and this guy looked like the poster-boy for the nazi cause. "Challenge."

The sound of cheering is the first thing I notice as the world fills in around me. I'm up on a stage, a sea of whooping faces milling around the outside of it.

"New blood!" A shirtless man walks up to me, looking to my right as I belatedly realise that four other people are on the stage as well. I stare at the wolf-mask in muted horror. There was exactly a 0% chance that I could take Hookwolf in a fight. "Time to prove your worth."

IMPRESS HOOKWOLF​

I jerk in place as blue text races across my vision. That was different. I don't think my power had ever communicated anything in a challenge directly before. The text turns transparent and moves to the corner of my vision, the centre text being replaced immediately.

STAGE 1/? BRAWL​

"You asked for this opportunity because you thought you were above the rank-and-file." The cape lets out a guttural laugh. "Well. Now's the time to prove it. We rounded up a half-dozen chinks that picked a fight in our territory that they shouldn't have." At his words, a huddle of trussed-up men are pushed to the forefront of the crowd and pressured up onto the stage. "If they beat you, they're free to go. Needless to say, if you can't even beat a few half-dead chinks between the lot of you – you aren't exactly the pinnacle of white superiority that we are looking for."

Beat them or fail. Simple enough. I didn't have any weapons, and it looks like the others didn't either. They had one more guy than us – six versus five, but all of our team looked like they spent more time in the gym every day than they did sleeping. Someone undoes the ABB members ropes and as a single unit they rush towards us to the whooping jeers of the crowd.

I hang back for a moment, letting the others rush forward to exchange fists with the attackers. Soon the stage splits into a series of 1v1's and 1v2's. I sneak around the edge as the crowd starts booing, circling around their vision until I get behind one of the single fighters. A flying tackle distracts him long enough for my 'ally' to knock him out in a single punch. I circle around again, the other lone fighter giving me a wary glance and keeping me in vision – but this time I'm happy to just tackle one of the two people ganging up on our larger man.

My target spins and twists in my grip, clearly stronger than me by a large margin – but I don't need to beat him. Even simply holding him here for long enough will let my team win for me. They're in better shape once you take the numbers advantage away. An elbow catches me in the chin as the man slips from my grasp, but he doesn't even make it halfway up before a steel-capped boot connects with his face as one of my teammates arrives for the assist.

The final ABB gangster standing tries to run, but comes to a complete halt as a chuckling Hookwolf cuts off the obvious exit. He's brought down from behind before anything messy happens, something I am quite thankful for. Hearing about Hookwolf's victims was enough without seeing it in person.

The Empire cape strolls towards us as we line up. "Nice right hook you got there." He nods at the man next to me. Then to the pair on the opposite side. "Good teamwork at the end." Then he looks at me. "Interesting strategy. Didn't feel like getting into the thick of it?"

I cough awkwardly. "W-well. I noticed they had a man advantage and devised a plan to nullify that-"

"Which involved letting your companions do the fighting for you?" He rumbles, I wish I could see his expression through the mask.

Nazi time. "Well, I was confident in the uh, superiority of their blood, so they could obviously hold out even against two of those, uh, people from an inferior race?"

"Hmph." He moves on. "Well, we need thinkers in our ranks too. I'll allow it this time." His arm ripples slightly. "But I won't tolerate half-assed pretences again. You scurried around like a rat because you were weak. I'm not Krieg. Let your actions speak for you and don't hide behind pretty words. Don't disappoint me again."

Seeing as my objective didn't mark itself off – I don't think he was convinced by my speech.

STAGE 2/? EXECUTION​

"Kill." I blink as a gun is pressed into my hand as an entire cart of them is wheeled in front of us, the stage is adjusted once more to reveal a dozen bound figures. "You've all done this before. Probably to someone in another gang who would have done the same to you. But if you want to climb up the ranks, you need to push past this idea of just-retaliation. I won't tell you what these animals have or haven't done. You need to just follow orders. I'm going to be evaluating you myself for the test after this, so meet me up on the stage once you've got yourself a kill."

One man lets out a grimace and steps back. Out of the competition, he slips back into the crowd below to mixed reactions. The others don't hesitate. Three consecutive gunshots later, I'm the last person on stage.

I glance up at them, Hookwolf sparing me an indifferent glance as he slams a fist into the first of the three. He's fighting them himself. I'm definitely not going to impress him on that front. I'm not sure if he would just straight up kill me for embarrassing the Empire or if the challenge would just fail.

So, unless I passed now – I was fucked.

I regard the tray of guns for a moment, then settle down the pistol that they gave me. The disappointed crowd behind me just background noise by this point. They turn back to cheers when I pick up the assault rifle. I wasn't really a guns-guy but I knew the basics. Probably couldn't hit anything with just one shot – but this stood a better chance.

Stand up, point down-range, brace and… fire. A black man slumps to the ground. My gaze darkens a bit. It's not real.

And if it's not real, then it doesn't matter what I do to impress Hookwolf. Hookwolf, known mass-murderer and all-around bloodthirsty maniac. I know what I have to do.

Aim. Brace. Fire. The roar of the crowd dies down to a hush as the second body slumps against the ropes keeping it upright. Fire. Fire. Nobody is laughing now. Fire. Fire. Fire.

I let one final burst of bullets at the last one in the line, drop the gun back onto table and turn to face the judge, jury and executioner himself. He's already broken off from the others and is pacing towards me. His arm shifts as he gets close and I can just see the glint of silvery metal starting to appear. "You were working with Krieg's lot?"

"Yes." I state confidently. I had no idea, but agreeing sounded good.

"Not anymore." His hand- No. It wasn't right to call it a hand anymore. A deadly stream of metal tears off what I guess was my uniform. "He doesn't tolerate that in his team. Kaiser hates it when any of his lieutenants get bad PR, so he doesn't tolerate people like you being brought into the fold."

Fuck. Had I actually failed after all of that? I glance at the edge of the crowd, the faces at the edge were starting to splinter off into white squares in the tell-tale sign of a challenge ending.

Hookwolf whistles at someone behind me, then catches a bundle of cloth and shoves it at me. "Which means you're getting kicked outside with the bloodhounds. I can always use another stone-cold killer." He barks out a laugh. "Although you'll still have to learn to fight properly."

The objective in the top corner of my vision flashes once then disappears along with the rest of the world.

"Welcome to the pack." His words chase me out as the last remnant of the world before it completely vanishes.

Did that actually work out?

SUCCESS​

Reward: Gus Vankley+
​
Yes, it did. That's a relief. I would hate to do that for nothing. I blink blearily as the classroom reappears around me.

"-ake these handouts. They cover everything we just went through and should contain all the information that you need for the test next week." The teacher paces down the rows depositing papers left and right. "That said, if you just copy it word-for-word them I will know-" She pauses as she gets to me. "Greg? Are you alright? You don't look well."

"I'm-" My voice comes out in a croak. I clear my throat. "I'm fine."

She gives me a dubious look, but accepts the words at face value and moves on.

I resolve to get back to classes for the moment. Something more concrete and familiar.

She didn't need to be concerned. I was fine. Not feeling great mentally, but there was nothing physically wrong. There was just something about that last challenge that was sticking to me in a way that the others hadn't. Sure, I had died in increasingly brutal and painful ways in other challenges - but you could almost liken it to gritting your teeth and bearing the pain when the nurse is giving you a jab or something. Once you get through the painful part and finally kick the bucket, you're instantly back on your feet without a trace of pain or lasting damage.

But this one? It was one thing to fight for your life against someone who would kill you in a heartbeat if they could, quite another to wilfully choose to gun down people who would rather run away. It was a choice. Even if it wasn't real, it looked real. Felt real. Hookwolf looking at me like I was his new drinking buddy wasn't really the reaction I had wanted to get from the guy before today.

I would have preferred something like "Gah, not him!" Or "No! Not the face!". Something suitable for the birdcage-destined villain meeting the upcoming top hero in the bay.

The bell rings and the class starts to spill out through the door. I follow suit, only to shudder backwards as I cross eyes with Gus and he gives me a polite nod before looking elsewhere.

We've never interacted before, and now... I suppose we're still not friends. Acquaintances, maybe. But that challenge, that event had to have come from somewhere. Some baseline to work from. I've heard a lot of rumours about E88 initiations and how exactly they earn their stripes, but suddenly those rumours had a lot more weight behind them in my mind.

Sharing a class with a probable murderer. It's not saying much at Winslow, but it's one thing to know that there are some people in that gang that kill people - and another to know that it's this one particular person with blood on his hands.

It was all hearsay. Or whatever lawyer term was appropriate. My power had made scenarios up before. Made things harder than they had any right to be, gave Dad a shotgun of all things just to screw with me even more. It could have made it all up.

Except, looking at it from a distance, it was easy to see the unnatural amount of space the ABB gangers gave him. The respectful aura from the followers that my power helpfully tagged as Empire Thugs. The dark, hateful sneer that crosses his face as a dark-skinned boy brushes past him, a sneer that follows the boy until he's well out of sight. A slight grudge that it doesn't look like he intends to let go of.

I look away, sticking my eyes to the floor as I pass his group without incident.

An hour later in Computing, I shove a girl into oncoming traffic and watch her die.

That challenge, the previous failure on my other neighbour and to an extent the Empire Event that I had done in my last lesson, cleared up one of my previous misconceptions. The WRLD modifier wasn't purely what decided if there were other, fully-functioning people walking around. That could happen with or without the modifier, to a completely arbitrary and random level of realism.

No. WRLD was quite simply the world. No WRLD modifier? There's the equivalent of a ZONE modifier equivalent around the city, or a mile outside the edge of the campus or whatever it decides is the battlefield. If there is a WRLD modifier then I can take a plane to Australia and enjoy the sea and sun while it lasts.

In theory. I hadn't actually taken a flight, but I had travelled far further than I felt was reasonable for my power to block off. The taxi driver would only go so far on school funds. He was probably horrified to see me abort that attempt by swan-diving off of the dam we stopped at, but that didn't matter now.

Maria half turns in her chair, sending me a raised eyebrow as she catches me staring her way. I awkwardly grin back and return my focus to the computer. It's an improvement on her usual disgusted look that she usually sends me.

I think I have an answer for my earlier tiredness though. Despite my last two runs being almost entirely action-less, I felt an aching, pulsing feeling all across my body. Like I'd spent a whole day at the gym and woken up the next day feeling the soreness of my muscles protesting. I think. I hadn't ever done that, but I've heard things about it.

So. There is a soft-limit to how many challenges I can fire off in a day. I could push past it if I needed to, but there wasn't any real rush. I would just leave the challenges for the day until the last lesson and have another go at Taylor.

The day passes in a daze. Eating alone at the cafeteria was nothing new, and I didn't even bother getting up when Taylor tries to shuffle past unnoticed and gets tripped for her trouble - ruining her shirt with sauce while Emma and her cronies laugh.

Now isn't the time for me to intervene in that. Soon, I would be able to fix the situation. Uniting the bullies in the noble ideal of worshipping my cock instead of bullying Taylor. I wasn't there yet though, and walking up to challenge them now would probably just get me a broken nose and a dose of humiliation. Taylor was better than me at being a punching bag for their ire.

I dodge her gaze when an angry, humiliated Taylor passes by. Probably off to the toilet to clean up.

I exit my final class of the day early to go and stand out by the bus stop. Didn't want to miss Taylor and waste my chance to get the second round of the day.

I spot her halfway across the campus, hoodie up and power-marching towards her usual bus. Clearly annoyed and not stopping for anyone.

Well. I didn't need her to stop. "Challenge."

I spawn at what looks like the same time and place as the previous attempt.

No screwing around this time. I had the location. I knew I could break the door down in just a few seconds of work. I also knew that it takes quite a while for her to gather her bugs to one area. If I didn't announce my presence like I had last time then that would buy me even more time.

I retrieve my weapon of choice from the gym changing rooms once again, then make my way to the toilet block that Taylor should be waiting in.

I glance around this time. A few bugs scattered around the door. Not enough to draw notice from a casual observer, but enough. I step on one, then jump back. No reaction from the other bugs, or any sign of a gathering swarm. One fly drifts away towards the ceiling.

So - what did that experiment mean? She didn't share senses with the bugs, or she would already have seen and attacked me. An attack on an individual bug didn't register to her. Or was it that she did notice, but wasn't sure that it was me that did it instead of a regular student?

I open the door, watching the bugs closely. Not many around at the moment, just what you would expect from a dingy, half-forgotten toilet block that nobody ever uses. They mill away from my footsteps, but don't make any aggressive motions.

Good. Without wasting any more time to allow myself to be discovered I shoulder-charge the cubicle Taylor is hiding in. The reaction after impact is instantaneous. Bugs pour out of the ceiling and off of the walls, I feel the weight of Taylor's body pressing against the door and a trio of spiders dive down onto my face.

I ignore them, ramming the door again - eliciting another crack from the lock. Pushing my hands through the gap in the door, I use them as leverage to slowly widen the gap in the door to the point where I can get part of my body into the gap. I'm already covered in bugs, but from this point, she can't keep me out anymore.

I reach for my knife, squinting my eyes at the target as the spiders thankfully start biting at places that aren't my eyeballs. My vision clears just in time to catch the name of the particular brand of pepper spray that blasts directly into my eyes at point-blank range.

The instinctual retreating, flinching action to stumble back and claw at my eyes is the worst one that I could have made. If I could switch off pain then I could have stepped forward and tried to stab her blindly and hoped for a lucky hit in the enclosed space before her growing swarm finished bringing me down.

The moment I step back, I hear her footsteps as she steps through and past me, sprinting through the door and out of the room as fast as she can.

The bugs don't stop with her absence. I stumble towards the door as well. My vision staying clear just long enough to spot her running away down the corridor. I'm pretty sure she is faster and fitter than me, so I certainly can't catch her. I run in the opposite direction. After rounding a corner the bugs still haven't stopped, although some of the flyers do start attacking a student passing too close to me.

A moment later, that corrects itself - I look behind me to see Taylor jogging to easily keep pace with my attempted escape. That meant she had a range, and needed to guide her bugs personally for full effectiveness. Useful facts for later, not right now though.

Fuck. Can't catch her. Can't get away to try again. Can't feel most of my lower body thanks to the screaming pain of however many bugs managed to latch onto me in the short exchange. I was just glad she didn't find the wasps again yet.

I reverse my grip on the knife and jab it into my neck. Killing yourself gets surprisingly easy after the first few practice rounds. I fall to my knees and stab myself again. No surviving this. Better than the bugs killing me off slowly.

A spindly set of legs presses into the wound then burrows itself inside. Joined by another, then another.

I claw at the wound wildly, making another large cut across my neck to bleed out faster, my scrabbling growing weaker and weaker by the second. I can't speak right now, but that feeling is the most unpleasant thing that-

FAILURE​

Generic hint. I ignore it pointedly. The sensation disappears. I sigh in relief, rubbing at my neck in discomfort. "Taylor. That's messed up." I said it out loud as if she could hear me. Spiders under the skin. My corpse probably being used to make bug-babies. Blech. Ew. Gross. Creepy. That power does not suit Taylor at all.

Well. Maybe it does a little bit, but there were better fits out there - I was sure of that much.

More importantly, I had failed again. I hadn't considered that she might have something up her sleeve other than big powers. The fact that I was stopped at the goal line by pepper spray rankled me a bit, but at the same time, it gave me burgeoning levels of confidence in my next attempt.

But now that I knew, it was over for her. I wasn't the fastest learner sometimes, but I did learn. The first challenge would end tomorrow morning.

I didn't share a class with Taylor the next day, but that didn't bother me much. I only really intended to have a single attempt on her today anyway. A glance at the one afterwards to let me prepare for the second challenge. That was all I wanted. I didn't expect that I would be able to beat a cape's challenges two, three or four times in a row.

Even if it was a fairly weak power that was countered by some bug spray and some protective clothing, the sheer amount of bugs that she could employ given enough build-up was big enough to cause problems on its own - even if they couldn't do any damage.

I had made a few passing attempts on strangers to mixed success over the course of the morning and afternoon, but nobody that was particularly interesting other than the fact that we shared classes in some form. Once again, I was just waiting to spot Taylor as she grabs a bus to get home.

And arrive she does, shoulders hunched over and making large determined strides towards the other side of the bus bay. Clearly aiming to spend as little time as possible in the public eye.

But range and time weren't limiting factors to me. "Challenge."

This time, I was going to be sensible.

I swing by the changing rooms for the regular knife. It worked well enough, that wasn't the problem last time. I steal a clean-looking shirt as well, tucking it under one arm as I leave.

My next step wasn't the toilets, but the science labs. Finding an empty classroom wasn't challenging - and finding the big box of safety goggles even less so. I grab one of the ones with the obnoxiously large strap, then grab some tape to seal the sides tightly around my eyes.

Then the spare shirt gets wrapped around my face and nose. I can still breathe, but I doubted any bugs would be able to do much to get at me.

I grab some more tape and a series of elastic bands to bind my sleeves and trouser legs close to my skin - and after a moment of thought tuck them into my socks and tuck my shirt under my belt. A pair of lab gloves later and I was done. It was kind of hot and sweaty, but notably bug-proof.

I look like a complete tool, but I actually think this will be quite effective.

I slowly make my way towards my adversary, careful not to ruin my carefully crafted layers of protection. I draw some strange looks from people as I pass by, but nobody makes an effort to waylay me.

And that's how I find myself back at the girls' toilet block in one of the worst superhero outfits I've seen in a long time.

I ram into the door to trigger the start of the fight. A promising cracking noise from the cheap plastic indicates a successful start. The door presses against me as Taylor's weight is shoved against it, but even she can't stop the door from moving enough to break the lock when I back up and charge into it at full speed again. Bugs are crawling over me, but not finding much in the way of skin surface area.

I wrestle a foot through the door, just enough to leverage my weight to squeeze more of my body through. Pepper spray coats the surface of my goggles, and I almost grin at the lack of effectiveness. I don't need a large gap in the door, once my arm is through I flail around at the body on the other side of the door trying to keep me out. The knife connects with something, and there's a cry of pain as the pressure against the door momentarily weakens.

That's all I need to get the rest of my body through into the stall. Taylor is doubled over in pain, holding out one hand to try and ward me off as the other hand nurses her bloodied side. I lunge with a kick to knock her head against the wall - not daring to risk my only weapon being wrestled away from me and enabling another painful defeat. The second and third kick seem to properly daze her, and I pull her up the wall with one hand and plant the blade through her neck until I meet bone.

The blade snaps off when I try to pull it out, but that should be enough. I stagger back, panting as bugs attempt to eat their way through my clothes and other defensive layers.

Interestingly enough, the bugs continue to skitter across my clothes looking for purchase after she finally loses consciousness. Good to know. A few bugs have started to burrow through gaps in my clothing, but it's still nothing compared to my first two failures. I flick a bug off of my goggles and it splatters against the wall into an explosion of white and blue squares - signalling the start of this fake mirror-world collapsing.

SUCCESS

Reward: Bug Control (1)​

I get bug control? That's both kind of cool and kind of disappointing. It's nice to confirm that I can get powers out of this thing. On the other hand, I did kind of want to improve Taylor's opinion of me to levels where she would actually deign to speak to me outside of group work. Help to break through the whole 'Tsun' thing she has going on with her constant shutdowns and denials whenever I see her.

Then back on the first hand, at least I got a useful-ish power out of it. Something to bridge the gap between me and another power that's too strong for me to get as a baseline human.

The world reforms. I can feel the power set at the back of my mind. Building blocks for me to mentally set in place and balance, except there was only one block right now. I focus on it and feel my awareness spread out. A few hundred pinpricks of... something appears in my mind's eye.

Bugs. I assume. Not in a large radius. Less than what I had assumed Taylor's was. Out to the bus bay and across the street. I try to urge them up. To move around. Do a dance.

Nothing happens. I glare at a series of ants on the wall, parading a leaf back to their nest. Stop. One stops mid-motion. The rest file around it without pause.

I focus on the moving ones and manage to get another to stop only for the original to return to its journey home.

I stare weakly at the ant, and can't help but laugh. I get one? One bug? And a sensor power that literally only works on bugs?

Lame. Super lame. It was possible that the sensor power was the main reward, but that was niche at best as well.

What a waste of time. Hopefully, it would improve at a later stage, but as it stands this is awful.

I level a glare at a fly, and with an errant thought direct it at Taylor. She flinches as the fly practically dive bombs her face and bounces off as I mentally release my control over it to let it fall back under her sway.

A minor bit of revenge for that time she killed me and ate me alive with cockroaches. Twice.

Well. At least my control trumps hers. Quality over quantity or something like that.

The fly is now hovering in front of her as she stares at it in confusion, before evidently dismissing it as a fluke and continuing on her way. I turn my focus to a different bug on the wall closest to me. I grab it and direct it to move in circles continuously along the wall.

I let my tenuous grip on my new power slip away. It's not a switch, it's a continuous focus. Something I have to hold onto while I work at it and interact with it. When I'm not focused on holding the bug control power in place, I don't get the benefits of the sensor power and it looks like bugs don't listen to me anymore either.

Having said that, it looks like a quirk of this power is that I don't need to be commanding it 100% of the time. Even though I've dropped the bug-control block in the back of my head, the bug that I seized control of still continues making small rotations where I left it. Following the last instructions until it either completes them or I release it. Slightly more useful, but still pretty bad. Maybe after a few extra challenges, I would get something more useful.

I select bug control again and set it back to normal, purely to avoid any issues from someone noticing the odd behaviour and getting funny ideas about the cause.

That's enough of that though. I'm done experimenting with this little sub-power of mine for now.

I'm not quite done with her yet though.

TAYLOR HEBERT

BUG-GIRL 2/8

(EVNT) (ZONE)
​
Another event. No clues there until I hop in and give it a try. A new name for the challenge as well. She was a school-girl before right? "Challenge."

I wait as the details of the new world fill in around me. My mouth starts moving on its own, the rest of my body not obeying my command. "…the children, just shoot. Doesn't matter your aim, just shoot. You see one lying on the ground? Shoot the little bitch twice more to be sure. We give them no chances to be clever or lucky, understand?"

Wow. I'm a really nice guy in this event, huh.

I blink, suddenly regaining control of my actions and looking with some consternation at the nodding ABB members surrounding me - armed with an impressive array of weaponry. Not pointed to me at least.

I glance around, spotting the telltale light of the ZONE marker in the distance. A fair distance to work in, as I did... what?

As if on cue, my power lights up my field of view with my new objectives.

SURVIVE

DO NOT BE CAPTURED

DEFEAT ALL ENEMIES OR ESCAPE ALL PURSUERS
​
Hm.

So I'm going to be attacked? I don't really see what the ABB had to do with this, but I should probably get to cover somewhere. Scout out the area.

A shadow passes over the dying sun behind me, and I watch curiously as the people who were attentively listening to my speech begin to sprint away.

I turn to face the curious buzzing noise behind me.

"Ah." I murmur in realisation. "I should have guessed really."

And that's when a storm of insects that combined together to equal the size of my house descended upon me like the fist of an angry god.

On the plus side, the particular selection of bugs she brought with her this time killed me a lot faster than the previous two times.

Nicely done Taylor. Real considerate of you.

FAILURE

Hint: Event (EVNT) modes can often be solved in ways that aren't always immediately obvious. Consider all of the knowledge and powers at your disposal as well as the victory conditions before committing to a plan of action!
​
"Useless." I grouse at the hint. I turn around, taking the step up to my bus before I can even make out the slowly reforming face of the driver.

The second challenge in, and I had already found myself a major stumbling block. I had nothing to hand that could actually protect me from a cloud of bugs, no powers that could do the same.

Sprinting away in a random direction was probably my best bet, I didn't know how fast bugs were compared to my fastest sprint but Taylor's range had to have a limit on it - and she clearly wasn't visible to me on the street at the time, so she already has to be in a building or car. That gives me an idea of which direction she might be coming from.

But that left the very open possibility of other pursuers, which I felt was implied by the wording of the task itself, and more to the point – I was not at all convinced that distance alone would save me thanks to the presence of the ZONE modifier to box me into a limited area.

I sigh. Offense might be better than defence in this case. Taylor was a lot of things, and one of them was squishy. If I could get a power that could give me a weapon and a way to reach her then I could dispose of her in seconds once I knew where she was.

Well, finding her at all would probably take a few failed attempts a day for a few days. I had... about twenty seconds between regaining control of my body and getting drowned in bugs? I didn't need to survive for long, just verify whether she was or wasn't in a specific area before dying painfully.

One attempt to check for her hiding among the cars, another attempt each per building. Maybe it would be easier to try and map out the limits of her range? I assumed it was a perfect circle, seeing how far the swarm chased me and mapping it out could give me a more precise area.

All of which meant nothing until I actually had a way to protect myself, kill her quickly and to close the gap.

I tick off potential powers in my head that would help. Lung. Oni Lee. Velocity. Aegis. Vista. Brandish. Glory Girl- well, almost the entire New Wave troupe come to think of it. Miss Militia. Kaiser. Hookwolf. Shadow Stalker. Rune. Circus. Maybe Battery if I could charge it during my scripted speech? Can Othala effect herself?

Even if not, that was plenty of options to get started on alone. All I actually needed was to get line-of-sight on them a few times a week until I managed to get past their first levels. I could cross the villains off of the list for now, apart from getting lucky with anyone going to school I was unlikely to run into any of them safely and consistently enough to be able to progress.

Rogues and mercenaries were probably off too. The only easily accessible one was Parian, and I don't think she would be particularly useful in this particular case. Not to say I wouldn't swing by at some point.

So. New Wave. The Wards. The Protectorate.

New Wave patrolled pretty regularly, I'm pretty sure I could find them if I kept an eye on the few cape forums that tracked their movements. Glory Girl played taxi for Panacea sometimes right? Might be able to catch her at a hospital if the news broke out fast enough, and that was excluding the possibility of just… walking to their house and peeking through the window.

The Protectorate didn't have any big events coming up as far as I knew. Maybe I could have a look at the next meet and greet session that they did, other than that I was stuck hoping to spot them on patrol somewhere.

The Wards were easier, but patrol schedules weren't public information. A few forums had reasonably accurate predictions, but I would have to have free time to go and find them. I was sure heading to Arcadia for a day would let me track down the likely candidates quickly enough, but I didn't really have an excuse to head over there and start staring at the students intently for the entire day. Might attract attention, especially if the government is keeping tabs on people trying to unmask the wards. Which I was, kind of.

New Wave then. Known residence. Known places of work. No worries about accidental unmasking. Very public. No thinkers watching over their shoulder. A plethora of viable targets that were likely to hand me some useful mover powers and a few offensive options.

And pretty much all of them were smoking hot. Sure, it would probably be a long time before I could get anywhere with any of them but a guy could dream right?

God yes, I could dream.

Ahem. Distractions.

I rounded out the bus trip home with a random but spirited murder attempt on the guy sitting directly in front of me. It turns out he's actually a boxer or something in his free time because I barely lasted for three seconds once I finally found him wandering the streets.

I need to learn kung-fu or something. It would be really useful right now.

Still. I didn't really have the time to learn a skill like that over years and months. In that time I would have powers that would hopefully make martial arts utterly irrelevant.

Unless I didn't learn them over the course of a year. I drum my fingers as I get a good idea for once. Uber. Victor. Skill trainer and skill stealer. Very, very viable... once I could find them.

Again. Villains. Probably no meet and greet sessions for me to drop in on.

The bus comes to a halt and I step off, still musing as I take the last few steps towards home. I need to focus on New Wave first. See if I could get some flight powers for myself, or at least some offensive options that were a little better than the most basic mugger off the street.

I announce my entrance distractedly, already racing up to my room. I lost track of time after that, a half-dozen printouts of locations, times and potential patrols being stuffed into my bag before rushing out of the door again. Winslow high school finished quite a while before most businesses, which gave me an opportunity to make my way over to the Dallon household and… lurk in the area. Just to catch a glimpse of the capes returning from work and school.

I probably wouldn't catch Glory Girl easily, she might already be home if she flew. But my target this time around wasn't her, though I would definitely try if I could spot her. I imagined that most of the flight-capable members of New Wave wouldn't come through the front door where I could easily see them.

My target was the one member of the household that I could time my watch by. Someone I could easily catch sight of every day without fail thanks to her consistent schedule. Strong offensive options and a breaker-state for me to try and grab a knock-off copy of.

I whistle a jaunty tune to myself as I eye my watch. Ten minutes until she left the office. A short ten-minute drive after that. I didn't think it would be much more than a five-minute walk for me from where I am now, so I should have loads of time.

Brandish, here I come!

AN: No lewds? In a chapter almost 11k words long? Impossible, perhaps the archives are incomplete.

Anyway, this chapter goes a bit more into the system I have in mind. Some challenges will draw themselves from the past, most will be in the present, some from what would have been the canon!future, a few from the new!future and others will just be made up scenarios that never existed at any point. I do have an in-universe explanation for it to vaguely justify that, but the real reason is that I wanted Greg to be able to face off against characters at their peak while actually developing said characters in a different way. Khepri will never happen here, but I thought it would be fun to write Greg going "WTF" at the thought of having to beat her.

In addition, there's no real way to justify startofcanon!Taylor to be any trouble to him for long without making the challenge more about the modifier than it is about Taylor. Him rolling Taylor over before she gets any real experience would be a direction I could take the story, but I don't want this to be "easy" for Greg. He's got to earn his lewds - and that means eventually taking on Skitter and the gang in her prime. It means discovering that Glory Girl is actually a stand user. That a bloodlusted Panacea is the most dangerous cape in the bay.

Greg's powers will be pretty weak at first until he gets deeper into the challenges - and I opted for a bit of a limiter in terms of using multiple powers at once as well. He needs to concentrate on what power he's holding on to - as opposed to wielding every single power in the bay simultaneously.

Next chapter will be a chapter of stalking New Wave. Then the one after will be... taking on the Terrible Trio? Sounds good.
Last edited: Dec 7, 2019
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,083 others
Tamzar
Dec 5, 2019
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Four
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Dec 16, 2019
Add bookmark
#102
Finding a place to lurk isn't as easy as it seems. After arriving at the street and finding the Dallon's house, I scanned around for some kind of bench, seating area, cafe or even an alleyway that I could sit in and look unobtrusive. It had to be somewhere where I could reliably wait for a decent length of time every day, where it wouldn't be suspicious for me to be seen if I was noticed.

Unfortunately for me, the street is too clean and orderly for me to do that. Nowhere to stop and rest. No shops in sight of the house. No park, fountain or bench. Not even a convenient wall to rest against while pretending to wait for someone.

Nowhere to hide except inside a neighbouring house. Sneaking in wasn't a reliable thing to do regularly, the odds of getting caught eventually were too high.

But who said I had to sneak in like a thief? Why not just get invited inside?

The house next door has a busty red-head visible through the window.

KATARINA WURSTEN

SINGLE MOTHER 1/4

(REAL)
​
Come on power. Give me some easy ones. This would enable me to do some harder ones later, so it would balance out, right? "Challenge."

I appear, not in front of the house as I expected, but inside it. Staring right into the shocked face of my target.

She takes a step back and looks towards a cupboard behind her. Probably for a weapon, I lunge straight for her - dragging her down to the floor before she can reach whatever she was going for.

She's no fighter. Not as scrappy as I am after my last few days of scrappy fist-fighting. My head rocks back from a well-aimed fist, but I don't allow myself to flinch or let up on the attack. I rain blow after blow on the woman, who is forced to give up on the offensive and attempt to shield her face from the increasingly debilitating hits.

She slumps backwards, no longer even responding to my attacks as she is blindly keeping her hands up in the air.

I rummage around the drawers and cupboards that she had initially been going for. It only takes a moment to find a suitable knife, which immediately ends the beaten-bloody woman's life.

SUCCESS

Reward: Katarina Wursten+​

Easy, but I'm not done yet. I scan her again.

KATARINA WURSTEN

Single Mother 2/4

(GANG)​

"Challenge." Once more unto the breach.

I reappear in the kitchen again. Katarina is staring at me.

"Round Two, bitch!" I let loose my battle cry as I dive for her even faster this time, except this time a small child jumps at me a moment later and starts screaming at the top of his lungs right into my ear.

Fortunately, I had no compunction about hitting annoying children - and he wasn't smart enough to go and grab a weapon that would make him anything more than an annoyance. He stumbles backwards with eyes bulging as I spare a moment to land a kick squarely into his balls.

I already knew where the knife was this time, and she's too slow to stop me reaching for it. By the time the boy gets back up, his mother is already dead and I'm long gone from the world.

SUCCESS

Reward: Katarina Wursten +​

Two out of four. That was enough to get me inside the house and spying out of their window.

...but why not see if I could push a little bit further? I had time to kill, and I would be spending a lot of time in her company over the coming days and weeks.

KATARINA WURSTEN

Single Mother 3/4

(BERS) (GANG)​

I've seen this modifier around. I can only assume it's berserk. Presumably feeling no pain – just a frenzy of wild aggression until they finally bleed out?

Maybe I'll leave this for later.

Idly, I wondered what backstory my power would invent now. There's no conceivable reason why I would know anyone well in this area, and a shared history would almost be more suspicious than having absolutely none. Not that anyone would care to scrutinise it in this particular instance – but this scenario would surely happen again.

"Hey! You over there!" I blink and stop that train of thought. The red-head is standing at the doorstep of the house. "Can I borrow you for a minute?"

"Sure." I oblige her.

"Come in, come in." She calls over her shoulder as she walks through the house. "No point in standing out in the cold."

"Thanks." I step inside. "What did you need?"

"Oh, it isn't that much. I'm just doing some fundraising right now, and I've been making things to sell. Mostly cakes and cookies-" She babbles happily, eyes roaming up and down my body. "-but I've been experimenting with the recipe a bit and decided that I needed an impartial judge to decide what is working and what isn't. I just saw you outside looking bored, and I just thought: 'Perfect!' Isn't that convenient?"

That was convenient. "We've never met before, right?"

"Hm? Uh, well. No. I guess you think it looks a little bit weird just to invite someone in like that-" She looks a little crestfallen despite a strange glint of another emotion in her eye.

That was pretty weird. "That's not weird at all. I'd love to help."

She beams. "That's great!" Way too convenient to be a coincidence. Did I control the rewards?

No – I'd already gotten rewards that I wasn't happy about. It couldn't be just down to me. But now I was sure that there was something else that went into it depending on the situation – not just a blanket effect that happens to everyone. Which made sense, I suppose. It's not like my power could realistically fix my life's schedule in such a way that I had a previously existing relationship with everyone I challenged. I hadn't thought about it – a recurring theme that I had noticed. Still, I hadn't even had my powers for a week. I'll cut myself some slack there.

Let's work this out. I didn't need anything other than an attitude change going forward from this woman – same with the various gang members I had seen around Winslow. She still has a friendly, if not outright flirty attitude, but we're still meeting for the first time now. Was this a subconscious thought on behalf of my power, or was it simply that I had the unconscious ability to decline parts of rewards?

No. I was speculating. I couldn't make assumptions, not when making a mistake might get the truth of my power revealed and getting me sent off to the birdcage. In this instance, my power had given me exactly what I wanted. My gut feel was that my power had recognised what I had needed, realised that there weren't any major changes needed and had simply given me the space to interact with her in the way I had wanted – expending the least amount of effort needed to do so safely.

Wait, was that it? My family had all been maxed out in the space of about two days, with not much in the way of interaction between challenges. That's no time for a relationship to truly form, so once I had reached the upper levels, increasingly drastic changes had to be made to justify it. If I had spaced it out over several weeks, taking advantage of the attitude adjustments to sprinkle in some real memories – pushed some boundaries on my own – would there have been any need to invent a new past?

The vague idea felt correct. And perhaps this gave me a bit of hope that I could somewhat evade the Thinkers that I would eventually come up against. At least, while I was still getting myself set-up. I guess that most cape-challenges would naturally pace themselves – even if I wanted to max Taylor out this very second, I couldn't do it – I wasn't strong enough to manage it. That meant I would have days or weeks to interact with her, or anyone else, between levels in most cases. In high-school, relationships could begin, flourish and end in a week alone – a bit of interaction from me and things would seem perfectly natural from an outsiders view.

Assuming the most common student has four levels – which seemed to be the norm, a few had less – but not many had more. The first level of a normal student would only result in them talking to politely or being a bit flirty – that wasn't entirely unreasonable, on the face of it. The second would result in a more obvious show of interest, but no more than you saw on display around every corner of the high school – at least, not without me reciprocating. That level might not even require my power to have told them that we've interacted before – simply adjusting their feelings about me going forward would do the trick.

But if I did something unreasonable and went ahead to instantly convert someone all the way into, essentially, a loving sex-slave – then my power tries to smooth things out by telling the world that we've been on-and-off for months and that she has a submission fetish. Because that's the only way to explain Greg Veder, shut-in extraordinaire, having a hot, slutty girlfriend crawling over him in school.

But what about in a few weeks or a few months? When Greg Veder was a regular popular guy in school or a genuine hero in his cape-guise? An entire life-story didn't need to be rewritten to justify someone wanting to sleep with a rich person, a cape or the most popular guy in school. That happens naturally in real life, so with any luck, those drastic changes would be less readily apparent and have fewer holes in them once I become better known – simply because only the change in attitude would be necessary.

Again. Speculation. I undoubtedly had details wrong here.

But it was speculation I could at least partially check. I glance at the redhead's retreating back. No better time to test this out than the present. At the moment, she thinks we've never met before. I'm fairly certain she was checking me out at the door – but I don't think she's ready to go that much further than some flirting.

"Challenge." Let's see what I can do about that.

I don't appear in the kitchen this time. I'm in a room upstairs on my own. Listening to the sounds around me, I guessed that the son was also upstairs on a game of some description.

I wasn't going to rush. That was the worst thing I could do. Rushing was fine if I never intended to win in one go, but I had no intention of losing here. I was getting used to how this worked. No mistakes.

Time to take advantage of the fact that the backup was busy, and that there was no REAL or TIME modifier to screw with the idea of taking things at my own pace. Slowly, ever so slowly, I inch open the window and clamber out the back.

There were a few people around, unlike my previous forays into town when I was working through my family challenges. None of them seemed inclined to interact with me, however, and there were certainly fewer people than there should be.

What it doesn't stop me from doing is walking all the way home, grabbing my trusty axe from the shed and then walking back with it tucked away in a bag. Why it wouldn't let me keep my school bag for the challenge, I'll never know.

Getting back in through the window I left from is a considerably harder task than it was to leave, but ultimately I'm able to make it work by boosting myself up using a particularly sturdy bush to give me the height needed to grab the ledge. If I had thought about it, I should have hung a bedsheet out or something like that – like in all the prison-break movies.

A few seconds of scrambling up the wall later, I collapse into the room wheezing. Need more upper body strength. And lower body strength. And everything else too, if I'm at all honest.

I give myself a few more minutes to catch my breath. It's already been at least half an hour. What's one or two more?

Then I creep down the stairs. The TV is on, and it's loud. I'm not entirely sure where the TV is, but I can follow the sound easily enough.

The living room is already open when I arrive, Katarina is sprawled over an armrest clutching at half-a-dozen small cushions as the show plays out. She can't see me from this angle, so it's all too easy for me to plant my axe firmly into the side of her skull.

To my surprise, the world doesn't immediately start collapsing once Katarina takes the deadly hit. Instead, she twists in place to try and wrench the weapon from my hand, no hesitation to use the fact that it's lodged inside her as extra leverage in our brief tug-of-war. It's a battle I'm sure to lose – which is why, after a moment of stunned surprise, I simply let go. When she reaches up to the handle and starts to pull, I start sprinting back to the room I had started in, dashing inside the room as I spot the kid stumbling out of his room – entangled by cables and already screaming in rage. An agonised roar behind me indicates her success at retrieving the weapon – but I've already locked the door behind me and holed up inside the room.

The kid is already trying to ram the door, and the berserk woman will be here shortly as well – to try and batter down the door with the axe if nothing else. I shove some furniture in front of the door. This must be a spare bedroom of some kind, with the amount of crap left in here.

This was fine. I was using my head for once. I was on form today. The fact that she evidently didn't feel pain was fine. The fact that she was possibly a lot harder to knock unconscious was also fine. Maybe she didn't require her brain to provide anything other than hate and instinct. She could move when she shouldn't be able to. She could ignore debilitating injuries. That's all fine. It's strong, but I can deal with it.

Because I don't think the BERS modifier actually helps her heal. I don't think it prevented death. That blow was lethal. When she wrenched it out, leaving a gaping wound behind? Even more lethal. If she didn't need reason or coherent thought to keep fighting, then I just needed to wait it out until her body realised it was dead.

I take a moment to confirm that both attackers are hammering down the door, then jump back out of the window for the second time today – I land heavily, but manage to prevent myself from crying out or letting out any sound that could be heard over the kids wailing screech. A few moments later and I'm out on the street, apparently with my chasers being none-the-wiser.

I'm about halfway back to my own house when the street swallows me whole. Ah, victory.

SUCCESS

Reward: Katarina Wursten +
​
I stumble slightly on my first step back into the real world, but still manage to continue following the woman into the kitchen.

"Aaron! Greg's here, and mommy is going to talk with him for a bit. You can play on your computer for an hour-" I dodge the kid-sized missile bounding past me and up the stairs. She smiles at me with a glint in her eye. "The same story as usual. I'm going to go and slip into something a little more comfortable."

There it is. All of a sudden, when our 'relationship' is forced to another level too quickly, or the reward is too drastic to be natural – suddenly it's always been like this. Now there's a habit of me semi-regularly visiting to justify the change. I was sure now that if I had played along as normal today, offered to come by for the next few days and only then taken the third challenge, there wouldn't be a history in place past the initial visit – or if there were a difference, then I wouldn't even have noticed the changes between her version and my own.

Useful to know. Very useful. Once I was better set-up, I imagined that my power would find it easier to justify random encounters like this. As I was thinking earlier, It's easy to picture someone being enticed by the most popular guy in school, or someone being attracted to another cape that they see on the news. People put out to people with fame, fortune or power all the time – it was only because I was currently on a social island that it had to rewrite the past so severely.

Which meant that once I finally boosted my relationships with the capes, I should make sure to ease into their lives a little bit at a time. Not so important for the first two or so relationship boosts. 90% of capes didn't need a reason to be friendly from the outset or to admire any eye-candy on their own. But everything after that needed me to interact enough to help soften the jump to the next stage – or at least let their current feelings sit and fester for long enough in their thoughts.

My power's retroactive effect was incredibly powerful, but I needed to save the most blatant abuses of it for when I needed it the most or for when it no longer mattered. When I was up against the wall. I didn't want to test myself against the PRT's Master/Stranger protocols once they realised what I could do, it was powerful and comprehensive in the ground that it covered – but sometimes the logic was flawed. My sister was a gamer now, but she didn't have a plug-socket to use for her games-console that she apparently used every day. If I had been retroactively dropped into another family, they might well have accepted me as their own – but a thinker might notice that 'my' chair had a little bit too much dust on it, as if it hadn't been used in months.

It showed that my power wasn't foolproof. Strong. A huge safety net. But not all-powerful.

I think, notably – that this was only for the parts of my power that changed the events of people's history. I had checked as best as I could after the body changes to my immediate family – but as far as I could tell, there wasn't a single slip-up to be found. I wasn't a thinker, but I didn't spare any effort in trying to find any holes. Which was good because there was nothing that I could do to ease the transformation between someone like Squealer and whatever babe she turned into after a few rounds with me. Well, maybe that was a bad example with the drugs and all – but my point was clear enough.

I grab a cookie and take a bite as I stare out of the window. Perfect view. Slightly elevated and I can easily see over the short row of flowers and fence that separated this house from the Dallon's next door. I hadn't investigated closely, but did the Dallon's have a back garden too? I could see anyone who happened to be out there through a window in here as well. Not that anyone would want to go out there in the cold right now – but if I was still struggling with them when the days got warmer, then it was a possibility for me.

This was perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect. I don't expect the capes to be easy prey. Brandish was invincible in her breaker state and was constantly armed. Most of the rest of the group could fly or kill me at range. Glory Girl was invincible – apart from that one time she got toasted in a fight with Lung. I'd seen her outright tank a jet of fire from the man in a video online – so it wasn't that she couldn't handle the heat. The running assumption on PHO was that the forcefield had a HP bar that you could whittle away at in a long fight, the kind of thing Lung specialises in.

Still. Brandish couldn't stay in her breaker-state all the time. Panacea was an easy target with little offensive power. Flashbang had no innate defensive ability and was just as grounded as me. If I could get the drop on some of the others then hopefully I could snag enough easy wins to get me over the hurdle of some challenges that just absolutely required me to have powers of my own.

That was why this was so perfect at covering my main problem – actually crossing eyes with them on a daily basis. I couldn't rely on patrols, but by watching their front door from here? Brandish. Every weekday, without fail. Glory Girl and Panacea, almost every day. Flashbang barely left the house except to patrol, so that might be a miss. I doubted I would be able to see the Pelham's without making a similar arrangement at their place, but I didn't expect that to be hard.

Katarina returns a few short minutes later, having stripped down to nothing but a flimsy-looking set of red lingerie. "It's way too hot in here." She offers by way of explanation. She flips an apron over her head, deliberately swaying her ass as she moves across the length of the kitchen. She might be pretending to cook now, but I know for a fact that all of this is little more than a show for my sake. I wouldn't finish her final level anytime soon. I had a theory to test, after all. With all levels down except the fourth, this woman should be all over me anyway.

And I'll happily oblige her in just a few minutes. I glance at the car pulling in to the drive next door. Here she is. Target number one.

CAROL DALLON

Heroine 1/5

(ALRT)​

"Gotcha." For the first time, but definitely not the last. "Challenge."

ALRT wasn't a fun modifier in this case. It meant she started aggro'd – well aware that I was skulking around. Instead of blindly proceeding with her day until she spotted me, she would be hunting me down just like I was hunting her.

I essentially didn't have a superpower in a straight battle like that.

The moment I spawn out in the street, I start running. I've only ever gone against one ALRT modifier – and on that occasion, the attacker had immediately made moves towards my starting point. That might be the exception, or it might be the rule – but either way, not being there didn't do me any harm.

Right. Review. New Wave wasn't exactly my favourite band of capes, but I had a decent grip on their powers in my head. Brandish. Breaker state of a big, bouncy ball that is essentially impervious – but she can't control her movement while inside it. She also has free-form lightsabers that can morph into a variety of shapes on command.

Dangerous close range. But I didn't have other options. It seemed that every time I found a gun shop or somewhere that I was likely to find one, something happened to stop me in my tracks. A security guard in an otherwise abandoned street. Emptying every locker in the gym and finding nothing better than a flimsy knife. On the way out to school today, I had fought the husband and wife next door. The first match ended with the husband pulling a pistol from a little hide-away inside the house to shoot me dead, a hideaway that was suspiciously empty when I had tried to utilise it against the wife. I appreciate the occasional coincidence as much as anyone – but I was starting to consider the possibility that my power was conspiring against me.

Well. I already knew that. But conspiring in even more ways against me than I already knew about.

Enough of that. I take a moment to consider my surroundings. This wasn't the street outside her house, nor her office I was pretty sure. I didn't actually have a clue where I was. I just needed to find myself a weapon of some kind, find somewhere to keep an eye out for my target and then wait for an opportunity to strike from behind.

Easier said than done. People were on the streets en-masse, and I didn't see anything ideal just laying around waiting to be picked up. I tap my pockets. No wallet. No phone. No anything. Just walking up and down the street hoping to find something that might help.

In hindsight, perhaps I should have stayed close to my starting point. I would have at least spotted Brandish if she did head my way. As it was now, she would be lost in a sea of moving people. Still stalking me, even if she didn't know exactly where I was.

The moment that thought crosses my mind, a shadow passes over me. The people around me looking up and gasping. I glance up as well. A flying cape. Outlined against the sun, can't quite make out the silhouette. My first thought is panic before I remind myself that Brandish can't fly. My next thought is also panic when I realise that Brandish has a sizable hero team that includes a number of capable flyers.

Despite that, the figure doesn't look aggressive – but their attention is focused straight at me. Not making any move to descend, attack or even start a conversation. It was almost like they were just-

I stumble forward with a choked gasp, my head automatically looking down to the burning sensation of a lightning-sword poking out of my chest. It isn't pulled out backwards like in a movie, but sideways through one of my lungs and ribcage – the sheer lack of resistance that my bones put up can't be overstated. There is no sign of a sharp, thin wound. It's simply a gaping hole caused by the flat of the blade making its exit wound in deliberately brutal fashion.

Big, fucking, energy sword. People called it hard-light sometimes, but it wasn't. It just looked like it. It didn't go through things because it was sharp, it went through things because it obliterated whatever got in its way. I wasn't sure what the limit was for the power's penetrative ability, it wasn't limitless – I had seen videos of her being blocked mid-swing, but the limit certainly wasn't anything that my body could match right now.

I slump to the ground woodenly, all the fight drained out of me in a single blow – just like my blood, funnily enough. I can't speak, not that I would have known what to say if I did. From this angle, I can see Carol Dallon step towards me with an implacable look on her face, a massive Warhammer appearing in her hands as she raises it above her head.

The final blow kills me so fast that I'm able to watch the surviving bits of my skull start hitting the ground around the shocked crowd – the world fading to nothing an instant later. An odd scene, to be sure. Not recommended but as deaths go, it was on the cleaner side. I'll remember the kindness when our roles are reversed.

FAILURE

Hint: The ALRT modifier will immediately inform the target of your starting location, and cause them to begin hunting for you or preparing their defence immediately. Consider your options and the advantages of your starting situation. Knowing whether to lay a trap, rush to attack, flee the field or stand your ground in each situation is the key to victory!
​
Well. I did admittedly suck in that round. I still got some useful information though. The flyer, whoever they were, was just a scout. Not engaging in a fight – they're just there to find me and float around like a giant marker for Brandish. I didn't know if they would defend Brandish if I was to attack, but I could at least be assured that being found didn't instantly equate to my death. If anything, I could allow myself to be spotted to lure out my opponent to an area of my choosing.

Not that I knew where that place was. A different part of the city than I was used to. Or maybe it was a different time, or perhaps another city entirely. It didn't change my general plan in the slightest.

Unfortunately, Brandish's challenge was a temporary dead-end for me. I had hoped that the challenge would be something where I could catch her off-guard – but the ALRT modifier killed that idea in the cradle. Now I needed to grab another power first. Something that would let me contend with the Dallon matriarch even if she already knew I was coming.

Stranger or Master powers would work, but there aren't any of those around here. Blaster powers. No way around it. I can't sneak up on her and plant a shiv in her back if she has at least one flyer watching out for her.

Not that there's a shortage of blasters in the bay. Or even in that house.

I belatedly realise that i've been staring blankly into space for the last few minutes, only snapping back to awareness when an oven door clangs behind me and footsteps approach from behind.

"Not interested in the food this time?" A pair of arms encircle me from behind as the kitchen comes into view, one roaming upwards along my chest and the other lightly teasing at my crotch. The real world beckons as the owner of my selected stalking-house makes herself known. "Perhaps you would like to skip straight to dessert?"

"I think-" I would, but any moment now- I glance outside as loud laughter and a whoosh of air billows through the open window. Finally - I am rewarded for my vigil. The source swoops back away from the house, then doubles back in a wide loop up into the sky.

I can see one flying figure carrying another close to their chest. I focus my eyes on them with increasing focus, my power didn't instantly identify them out of the sky – not until they drew closer to the house was I finally able to see the padlocks appear. A range limit on my power, I suppose it made sense. I hadn't thought to test the range of my ability because it was high enough that it had simply never occurred that there might be a limit. I suppose that puts a dampener on any plans to set up a telescope and point it at the rig in case I could spot anyone.

VICTORIA DALLON

Heroine 1/7

(ALRT)​

Another ALRT. What a pain. But I had to hurry things up, before they headed inside the house and out of my line-of-sight. "Challenge."

I find myself waving a knife at a frightened-looking cashier. Huh. Unusual for me to start these armed. Probably wouldn't help me against Glory Girl though.

Actually, nothing would really help me against Glory Girl. She was probably the hardest of all of the New Wave capes – the others at least had to activate their various defensive options. Glory Girl was just passively invincible as far as I knew – wearing down the forcefield… was likely not within my capabilities. Like Brandish, this was a scouting run so that I would know what I needed for next time.

Approximately five seconds later, the wall implodes as a blonde missile bursts through it. Glory Girl lands two metres from me, a scowl crossing her face as she quick-marches towards me. I enter a ready stance with my knife, I didn't expect much out of this except pain – but I could at least make a decent attempt out of it.

I open my mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. She takes another step forward, and it's like the earth shakes as her foot hits the ground. Run. The back part of my brain whispers. Run away while you can. I know, intellectually, that it's just her fear aura. But it's all I can do to let a strangled gasp out of my throat in the second or so that it takes her to close the distance between us. I hear the distant clatter of metal clanging on the floor as I belatedly realise that my knife slipped from my hand at some stage.

The helpless feeling of terror fades as a fist plants itself in my gut. I impact the wall behind me with dizzying force and the familiar feeling of something important in my chest being irreparably broken. It's all I can do to traverse my eyes upwards to witness the princess-like figure lifting the clerk's counter over her head and launching it at me like a missile.

FAILURE

Hint: The ALRT modifier will immediately-
​

I swipe away the hint. The same as Brandish's. Unhelpful.

Well. Let's take stock. That wasn't a surprise at all. I expected that outcome. Ten times out of ten, I was going to get pulped by Alexandria-Lite.

Now, with that out of the way – let's move on.

AMY DALLON

Heroine 1/7

(TIME)​

I hated TIME modifiers too, in all honesty. If only because the escalation in difficulty at the start was so hideously unfair. The cops get called at five minutes, and then the entire wards team shows up at ten? I didn't know how long passed last time to get the Slaughterhouse 9, the Triumvirate and Scion himself – but it was safe to say that at a certain point you just lost the game.

I sigh as they start to move past a car and towards their front door, almost away from my vision. "Challenge."

To my complete lack of surprise, I find myself eyeballing Brockton Bay's General Hospital. I charge at the doors. No time to lose.

I dash past the reception and a flimsy barrier that is hopped over with ease, onto the stairs. Wasting time asking for directions would be pointless – they would never point a random, crazy-sounding stranger towards the golden goose within five minutes. The shocked gasps and screams as I push people out of the way are annoying, but the nice thing about pushing the injured, old, sick and crippled around is that it's hard for them to retaliate.

Wait. That didn't sound right. It wasn't nice to push them around – that wasn't the right word, it made me sound a bit evil. It was… easy? No. I'm not making myself sound any better here. Convenient? Ideal? Maybe I should just move on with the statement that I was secure in the knowledge that I was not about to be punished for my rudeness in a timeframe that mattered to me.

I hadn't set a timer on my watch – but it didn't matter. I knew what would happen, and it didn't change anything if I knew when it would occur. Either I would find Panacea before getting gunned down, or I would know which rooms or floor I could skip when I did this again tomorrow.

I burst into one patient room. A teary-eyed girl immediately starts screaming at me to get out. I glance at the patient. Doesn't look healthy. I would guess that Panacea hasn't been here.

I take that as my cue to skip a few doors before trying another at random. Locked. As are the next two, but the third one is lodged ajar thanks to a passing nurse. A torrent of abuse follows me as I exit that room. No luck here either.

I rush back to the stairs, slightly panting and out of breath even before taking the steps two at a time to the next floor – ignoring the sound of police sirens in the distance.

The next floor is a complete wash as well. Nobody seems to be healed there. I dash back to the stairs after only a few attempts, no sense in attempting every door to see if it had been locked properly.

I can spot a door open further down the corridor as I exit the stairs onto the floor, so I immediately continue my sprint down towards it. A beaming grin crosses my face as I recognise the figure exiting the room as I approach. Panacea. Right there. Gotcha.

I glance at the room number as I lengthen my strides and wind up my fist. Room 308. I could come straight here if anyone came to save her before I could finish her off. No weapon, but I was sure I could find something sharp in a hospital if I had to the next time around.

I watched a youtube clip of how to punch someone yesterday, so I was basically a kung-fu expert. She makes no effort to dodge or run as I approach, fist wound up for a devastating hit. I let it fly as I finally reach her, out of breath but not out of momentum. My fist slams into the side of her face, sending a rippling impact across her jaw-

FAILURE​

I blink. Staring upwards into a white void.

Hint: TIME missions require you to use your time wisely – but that doesn't necessarily make it a race! Consider how you use the time you have relative to the increasing opposition that you face. If your first enemies pose no threat to you or will struggle to reach you, then an extra few minutes of preparation might be all you need to complete your objective with ease!​

Not likely, power. The police can put holes inside me pretty easily. Tell me that when I have a Brute power.

I frown at the angle of the text, before realising that I'm on the 'ground' of the zone between worlds. I push myself up, still not comprehending quite how I got here. Or failed the challenge.

Well. Panacea was, obviously, a Striker. Either I had been blindsided by a bodyguard of some kind, or her Striker ability also let her put people to sleep. That made a lot of sense for a healer. Didn't want patients struggling or anything. I meant actual sleep there. Not euthanasia. The distinction is important.

…still. If that was what had happened – that was extremely fast. I didn't have the hard stats on it, but I thought that her ability was slower than that. The world reforms and the pair complete their journey through the driveway and into the house. I can't see them anymore – but it wouldn't matter even if I could. The timers won't expire for hours yet, and I'm not wasting around here all evening.

Well. If there's nothing else then I can return to my entertainment for the evening. A grin creeps up onto my face as I turn around to face Katarina, who is still waiting for my reply. "I think I would."

Being this confident is weird in its own way – something about categorically knowing how much a girl is into me just makes it a lot easier to talk to them.

Not that this one is interested in talking. I lean back against the counter as she sinks to her knees with an anticipatory grin. I'm already semi-hard by the time she's worked her way through the layers of clothing, and my transformation is complete mere moments after she takes my length into her delicate hands.

"I do miss you when you're not here Greg." She purrs in a predatory fashion, hand slowly tracing the length of my cock with anticipation. "A girl gets lonely sometimes, and it's not like it's easy to leave Aaron alone and go into town."

"I'll be sure to visit more often." I assure her, safe in the knowledge that I fully intended to be spying on her next-door neighbours almost every day.

She gives a pleased sound in response, the only sound she is capable of making as she wraps her lips around my shaft. I mirror her noise at the sensation. Although I was no longer a virgin, I still wasn't used to the acts that I was supposedly an expert in. Not that I felt I needed to do much for a blowjob. Sit there and let her do the work.

"Yeah, you like that don't you." I grunt, relishing in the bliss she was providing. "Take that cock, whore-"

She makes a negative noise, drawing back on my rod and releasing with a wet pop. "Gregory." She says. "I'm not a whore."

"Ah." Awkward. In my defence, everyone says it in the pornos. "Sorry? I was just trying to think of something to say-"

She makes a calming, placating noise as one hand maintains her progress on my dick. "I don't really mind dirty talk. I know a lot of people might not mind that either." She begins in a lecturing tone. "Though I should warn you to be more careful when you interact with someone your own age. They likely won't appreciate it as much as I do. You need to experiment with them a bit first, work each other out. If nothing else, if they were to take it badly, it would probably be best if your cock was somewhere a bit safer, hm?"

I don't understand the last bit until she slides half of my cock down her throat, and then gently but deliberately catches her teeth against me on her way out. Not painfully, but I was suddenly very aware of what she meant. My face whitens. "Crystal clear. Got it."

She languishes the tip of my cock with her tongue for a moment. "Besides. I'm not a whore. I don't take money."

"Sure, sure." I nod affirmatively. Apparently my power didn't always save me from my mouth getting me into trouble. "Not a whore. Didn't think you were, it was just-"

"No." She smiles. "I'm a slut." I mute myself as she talks. "A filthy, cock-hungry slut who spends her days on the hunt for cute-looking studs to lure into her home in the hope of getting her face fucked like the bitch-in-heat that she is." Her smile widens. "So, don't worry about treating me like glass. I live for moments like this."

I place a hand on the back of her head. "Well then." The awkwardness I felt earlier is gone at least. "If sucking cock is all that you're good for, you better get back to it before I find someone better."

"There's nobody better than me." She smirks confidently, before diving back to her prize obediently.

I don't know if that statement is entirely correct, but she's certainly the best that I've had yet. Slow, methodical and caring as she works my shaft with quiet determination – and then effortlessly transitioning to a hard and fast style that sees my cock slam into the back of her throat without her even batting an eye. It's impossible to adequately describe the sensation of my full length being plunged into her mouth, all I know is that I want more of it. My grip on her head is more a case of having something to hold onto during her relentless assault, rather than a way for me to control her pace.

Her tongue lovingly swirls all over my shaft as she works it from tip to base and then all the way back again. There was no faking this sort of lavish attention as a mere favour or afterthought. No. This was a seasoned cumslut, hungry for just one more blast of seed down her throat – one more in a long line of hundreds. That was the reason she had taken offence at being called a whore. She didn't do this as a job to make ends meet. She did this for fun, as a hobby – the very meaning of her life itself was a steady journey towards the next cock in her mouth.

This brought me to a different conundrum though. With my family, I hadn't particularly cared about what they got out of our brief coupling. I hated the person my mother was, and I couldn't deny that a part of me still resented the new one despite sharing nothing but the name. My sister was slightly different, I disliked her before – but hadn't blamed her. Even so, I wasn't concerned about what they thought about my sexual performance when I had blasted them in my cum as my sign of ownership.

This time though, I was with a complete stranger. An experienced one, one with expectations of me. I vaguely understood that with sex, going longer was generally better. Did that apply with a blowjob? It must hurt the jaw after a while, right? I imagined that holding myself back too long would be more painful than sexy for her, but I didn't want to be considered a quick shot either.

Well. It's not like this woman mattered in the long run. There wasn't a risk of her running off to tell Winslow every sordid detail. Still, I wouldn't have minded a timing that I should aim for – purely to ease my mind.

I'm overthinking it, I'm pretty sure. Probably best to use her like the toy that she is, get some practice and experience for when it really matters.

She hums into my cock, the extra sensation doing nothing to help my attempt at restraining my climax. The feeling of pleasure starts to crescendo inside of me, and I can't help but let out a gasp of air at the feeling of the sheer suction she was applying.

"Come on, stud." She pumps away at my cock with her hand for a moment as she speaks, having clearly realised I was on the brink. "Cum for me." She presents her face in front of me, as the obvious target.

I obey. A slight twinge on my cock the only warning before a torrent of cum splays itself across her face, a sizable dollop lands on her outstretched tongue while the next one welds one of her eyes shut. A further string catches on her chin and dangles in the air before the other end attaches to her neck, creating a bridge of sticky-white fluid that looks ready to collapse down to her breasts at any moment.

I take a half step forward as the eruption simmers down. Holding my dick in place directly over her open mouth, I squeeze out another series of droplets that had failed to clear my pipes. She licks her lips as I step away again, swallowing noisily and turning dreamy eyes back towards me.

"Let me clean you up a bit." She purrs, ignoring the cum on her face as she descends back to my shrinking rod.

I had assumed that she was going to lick me clean or work her way around the rivulets of cum that hadn't quite managed to eject themselves from my cock. Instead, she places my entire, half-erect cock into her mouth and sucks. Hard. I almost choke at the feeling. Pleasurable, for sure – but so sensitive as well. I can feel myself being drained dry by the red-headed cumslut, my mind temporarily going blank until she finally pulls away with a pleased smirk.

"Well?" She tilts her head coquettishly. "Was I any good?"

"The best." I confirm. For now.

"That's a sweet boy." She rolls back off of her knees and onto the kitchen floor. "Now, you usually head off around this time, don't you?" Did I? I suppose that with all three of the likely Dallon sightings down, there wasn't a serious reason to stay. I nod. "Alright then. I'll look forward to the next time you decide to swing by." She swipes a finger across her cheek, stirring up the cum into patterns before sticking the now-soaked finger into her mouth.

Watching her lick my cum clean was already making my cock twinge again. I hastily pull up my trousers. I might not survive another round. "Soon." I promise. "Probably tomorrow, actually."

The woman doesn't make any effort to get herself off of the floor or even attempt to scrub my seed off of her face. She simply sat there, as if relishing every last second of it. "I'll be waiting."

That's all I hear from her as I leave the house, and make my way out through the garden.

That's a dangerous woman, but at least I had something to look forward to in the future when I was waiting for the Dallon's to arrive home from their daily routines.

I could go and visit the Pelham's house now – but unlike the Dallon's it was a lot harder to guess at likely times for them to be arriving at the house. Any light research could tell you when Carol Dallon finished work. Everyone knew that Panacea visited a random hospital after school most days of the week and that Glory Girl could often be found picking her up. The Pelham's didn't have so much in the way of defined schedules. The parents' jobs weren't so public. Both held office jobs, but the forums were surprisingly void of details like timings or the specifics of where exactly their offices were.

I'm probably not going to get anything else done today.

Fuck it. I'm going home.


I return to school the next day bright and cheerful. Not quite as bright and cheerful as I might have been if I had gained the ability to shoot lasers or make a lightsaber – but still pretty happy overall. My evenings were now planned out for the next few days or weeks, and I could focus my efforts on expanding my reach across the school on my quest to become moderately popular.

My power did have a bit of a drain on me. Repeated challenges made me feel increasingly tired and dull – so there was a limit to the amount I could do in a single day. Still. If I hypothetically won every challenge that I made – I could put myself on amicable terms with almost an entire class of students and still manage to stumble home at the end of the day.

I wouldn't win every challenge, of course. Even winning every second challenge was an ask. For all that some civilians were quite easy to clear two or even three rounds against, many others stopped me cold in the very first round. It was mostly the gangsters that were the problem – but this was Winslow, so the problem was about three-quarters of the school.

Still. I didn't care about the random boys and girls scattered around as much as I cared about Taylor. Even if I was en-route to becoming a premiere harem-MC, I wasn't the kind of guy that would forget about the main girl. The OG. Just because I would eventually get my hands on people that were hotter, smarter and stronger didn't mean that I was going to forget the bond that we once shared. I was going to drag her up to the top with me, bug-powers or not.

Besides, rumours have it that the quieter ones are the kinkiest. I'm pretty sure she would be down for a threesome at the absolute least. If nothing else, she would enjoy bossing around the harem if it had the Trio in it.

Speak of the devil. Taylor emerges through the doorway of the cantine. Not scowling, for once. I guess she hasn't run into Emma yet. "Challenge." Get it out of the way now.

In moments I am back to my speech with the ABB gangsters. I'd had more time to think since last round, and I had realised that while my newfound bug-power was pretty useless – it did have one good use against Taylor. I could see her bugs coming from range. I grab hold of the power as my mouth continues to issue commands to my evil underlings – feeling the ebb of the rapidly-growing swarm at the edge of my range.

It's still out of sight, but more importantly – it's massed up in the air around the large building behind me and to the right. I felt moderately safe in assuming that Taylor was somewhere in there.

So when I regained control of my body, I sprinted for all I was worth forward and left. The bugs move to pursue – but the swarm fragments swiftly due to the difference in speed between the bugs. Those that could keep up with me, those that couldn't and those that were limited to crawling down the side of the building and along the ground. My gangsters scattered and ran as they were mobbed by the slow ones being redirected from the chase – but the bulk of the swarm kept going after me.

I reach the end of the street and turn left. Still bugs in pursuit. Only a few were actually able to get at me so far. The rest were lagging behind, starting to dip out my limited range. The bug control power was actually pretty useful at peeling off the bugs coming at me from other angles one-by-one. Once they were behind me, I was outrunning them pretty handily.

I was getting a little winded though. What was this? Two-hundred metres? I'm still running. Bugs are still coming. What is her range? Isn't this a bit much? Did she even have a range?

I keep on sprinting, hoping to find the answer to that question. I cross another street and down another alleyway, emerging out onto the road beyond fully out-of-breath.

But the bugs were still coming, a much thinner swarm than what she had started with – but still more than enough to ruin my day.

However, before I could return to my exhausted dash away from the plague of bugs – I find most of my body unceremoniously crushed into a small paste against the side of the road as a massive weight presses down on me with literally bone-breaking force.

My death wasn't completely instant, but it was confusing. It wasn't until I finally died and saw the true form of my killer through fully-functional, not-squished eyes that I realised that, yes, I had just been killed by a giant monster dog.

And a few teenagers that were riding it and the other dog on a nearby roof. I didn't recognise the costumes. Nobody important.

Well. They were important now, by virtue of being in the way of my progression forward.

That was such a good run too. I could outrun most of the bugs. All I had to do was get out of range, get away from any other bugs and lay low until I won. Then those… whoever they were just had to ruin everything.

I scowl at the happy figures celebrating on their pet monster. "I would have gotten away with it too…" I shake my fist at the girl in purple, for some reason feeling the need to blame her the most. "... if it weren't for those meddling kids!"

The world starts to splinter away, mercifully erasing the dog right as it raises one leg in a distinctive pose over my corpse.

FAILURE
​
I swipe the text away as it forms. Annoying.

I settle backwards, feeling my back hit the smooth wood of my chair as the sound of the canteen returns to my ears. What a pain. I needed to investigate who those dogs belonged to. Not a major gang, I would know. Not the heroes. Maybe a roaming group? Small-time crooks? Up-and-coming hero team? The internet would tell me, but not now. Later, when I got home.

I had made progress. That was the right idea. Even though I had now found a new set of enemies, there was no assurance that they weren't going to join the fight anyway.

That thought cheers me up – but the smile is wiped off my face when I spot a commotion on the other side of the room where Taylor was. Somehow a bowl of soup had ended up halfway down her shirt – the cause likely being the pair of giggling girls running away to join Madison's gang at the table.

I frown as Taylor woodenly picks herself up and gathers her things with a blank, stony expression. There was nothing I could really do to help her right now. Even if I did try, she wouldn't appreciate it – it would probably just make the bullying worse for a bit, if not just make me the new target.

But there was a way that I could help. A way to direct attention away from Taylor and towards me without making a scene.

I turn a determined gaze to the main bullies. Those three just moved up my list of priorities.

Emma. Sophia. Madison.

I'm coming for you.


AN: Chapter's for this story just seem to blob. I don't know what it is. I usually hate big updates, but it's all I can seem to do for this fic.

Anyway. Greg has set up his plans to challenge New Wave on a near-daily basis, and made some more progress elsewhere. Some more infodumping on power to set things up for later. Next chapter is Greg attempting to combat bullying via murder and lewds.
Last edited: Jan 7, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,022 others
Tamzar
Dec 16, 2019
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Five
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jan 19, 2020
Add bookmark
#253
I take a moment to focus on my targets.

SOPHIA HESS

Schoolgirl 1/6

(REAL)​

Nothing complex there. "Challenge."

I find myself back outside the canteen, looking in as the hum of conversation escapes through the gaps in the broken door. I still have my watch, which kindly informs me that it is right in the middle of lunch.

Time to go and grab a knife from the changing rooms. Some things were just consistently easy for me in these challenges. There would always be at least one blade in the changing rooms, no matter the time of day or the level of realism for that challenge. There would never be a gun. Nobody would interrupt my search. Only a few short minutes later, I have my blade.

Now then, back to the canteen.

I hang around outside for a minute, trying to peer through a few different windows and doors to try and find where my target had opted to sit today. Eventually, I find Sophia with her back to the food counter. She doesn't see me yet, but I take care to duck away whenever her head slightly turns in my vague direction. Probably overcautious of me.

She's chatting away to her group of friends – although everyone that isn't Sophia seems to a bit more subdued than normal. Closer to the NPC side of things than an accurate representation of themselves – the strangest thing here is to see nobody doing anything strange, all of the bystanders placidly enter the building, grab their lunch and sit down for a quiet conversation. No random screams. No running. No fighting. There wasn't even any litter, which was somehow the weirdest thing of all.

Could I try and nonchalantly walk by without drawing attention to herself? No. She was facing towards both entrances, there were good odds that she would spot me the moment I came in. If I gave her time to run, she would easily be able to escape – she's a track star and I am… Greg. Not to be too down on myself, but I was aware that there was a pretty serious disparity in our fitness levels.

With the main entrances not a possibility, there is no way for me to get behind her without being spotted unless I come from the service counter itself. Staff entrance it is.

It's easy enough to get in, no locks of any kind on these entrances – just the promise of an angry chef asking what you think you are doing using a staff-only entrance. That didn't concern me. I dash past the stacked shelves of pre-packaged food and ingredients, past someone trying to fill up a dishwasher and then vault over the counter with the till towards Sophia's exposed back.

I swear under my breath as one of her friends points towards me, causing her to turn and rise out of her seat moments before I am within range to attack. I hadn't expected them to actually warn her of my approach directly because most NPC's didn't pick a side most of the time. They usually just go running for help when a fight breaks out. Sure, once I started taking too long on the challenge they would slowly become hostile – but I wasn't even close to that stage yet.

Well. It isn't like she can move anywhere when she's trapped by the table. I lunge at her with the knife extended-

-and completely fail to catch the blur of her arms as my wrist folds under a precise hit, sending the knife skittering out of my hands. Her other arm is already in motion as I stumble, catching me on the jaw and sending me crashing back into the ground.

Ow. Ow. I can barely focus enough to raise my hands to defend myself – but it's pointless in the end. She clearly does martial arts, and as scrappy as I've learned to be recently it just isn't a match for someone with skill. Three, consecutive strikes and a final kick to the head while I am down on the ground is all it takes to knock me out, with the next thing I see being the familiar sight of the failure screen.

FAILURE

Hint: The REAL modifier will cause the target to mirror their daily routine, react to events in a more realistic way and also to fight a given scenario in the same way that the original version would. Use this to your advantage to plot out your targets moves in advance and anticipate their next move.​

I already knew that. I wasn't stupid. I wanted useful hints.

Well. That put a bit of a dampener on my heroic mood, but the result wasn't entirely unexpected. Sophia was always going to be the hardest one. As shown by her having six challenges compared to the usual three or four. She's the only decently fit one of the three and apparently isn't that bad at close-quarters.

That's not a problem. I'll be a bit more careful in my approach next time. Or just wait for her to leave the canteen? That seemed a likelier prospect – I didn't think rushing her from behind and leaving her with less than a second to properly react was something I could seriously improve on at the moment, so I would have to let the timings change on their own.

Emma Barnes

Schoolgirl 1/4

(EVNT)​

"Challenge." I murmur. Event modifiers had been a mixed bag so far.

SURVIVE​

I found myself with my head pressed down against the ground, a knife pressed against my face. The knife moves upwards. "Eye…" Then back down. "Mouth…" I glance around without moving, some kind of ABB shakedown?

So. I just have to escape alive? Given my current situation, I had to get out of here fast. My throat could get cut at any moment. I could try and struggle, but there's no guarantee that I won't just get killed.

I pull on my Bug Control power. A nearby fly dips in and out of the dumpster before coming to a dead stop as it succumbs to my will. 'Jump in his mouth.' I mentally order.

I don't have to wait long. Not even a second after issuing the order, the knife moves again. "Nose- Arghk! Gagkh!" The knife loosens against me as the man heaves and spits thanks to the bug lodging itself way down his throat. I take my chance, push myself up to buck the man off of me and run like my life depends on it. Which it does. Kind of.

Another gangster at the end of the alley slashes at me as I blitz past, scoring a weak slash against my arm. I grin at the burning sensation of pain. Non-lethal. I would know. I'm being chased, but I continue using my weak version of Taylor's power to direct flies and insects one-by-one into open mouths and eyes, until the last pursuer finally gives up and lets me escape.

Between one step and the next, the ground slips away to nothing as I gently fall into the victory screen.

SUCCESS

Reward: Emma Barnes+​

Good. Straight to round two.

Emma Barnes

Schoolgirl 2/4

(EVNT) (HUNT)​

Have I had a HUNT modifier yet? I don't think so. I should really write these all down somewhere. "Challenge."

I emerge into the same scene, and immediately repeat my previous move to escape. There's an additional enemy for me to dodge around this time, but he's not paying enough attention to catch me before I slip past him. I happen to glance up past the end of the alleyway as I run. Was that Shadow Stalker in her old costume, sitting and watching up there? I have no time to verify as I continue to make my bid freedom.

My only problem with this challenge was that I had no idea what HUNT did. I had some ideas, obviously. Nothing concrete that I could use against my opponents though.

I continue to jab flies into the faces of my pursuers, but the chase doesn't die off this time as I slip out of sight down the main street and then another alleyway. They don't split up to search, simply unerringly and unfailingly following my every twist and turn down the streets of Brockton Bay.

When I race around a building, completing three sides of the square – only to almost be intercepted again, that's when I confirm the problem. This modifier is letting them track me somehow. They can chase and cut me off at leisure. They could let me run until I had to sleep and kill me in my bed. Attempting to escape was pointless.

To top it all off, I'm not faster at running than they are. Firing kamikaze bugs at them is helping to even the gap, but I'm already exhausted. I stumble to a halt. This one's a loss. I have to fight from the outset. Get that knife off of the guy on top of me. Maybe try and attract Shadow Stalker's help?

The first chaser catches up to me, I duck under his first swing and plant my own fist into his stomach – relishing the satisfaction of landing a hit even as his knife finds its mark a second later.

FAILURE

Hint: The HUNT modifier will give all and any enemies who have either detected you or are actively seeking you, a permanent awareness of your current location and actions. This effect pierces some stranger effects. Some enemies will utilise this information in ways that would not usually be considered feasible without this modifier.

When paired with the ALRT modifier or reinforcements from the TIME modifier, this modifier will result in enemies hunting down your precise location immediately upon spawning – regardless of whether or not you have been seen.​

I thought as much. It just means that I can't run. I have to fight. I can do that, it will just take a few repeats until I can get that knife and then win four or five other knife fights in a row.

I glance at Emma again as she comes back into view. Two-hour cooldown. Not that bad. I would try again later. Now I just needed to make an attempt on Madison.

Madison Clements

Schoolgirl 1/4

(GANG)​

"Challenge." I find myself facing a random classroom in the art block. With a GANG modifier, it was probably a safe assumption that her friends were inside.

I take a tiny peek through the glass window in the door. Eight people that I could see. Maybe one or two more at an angle I couldn't get to. Fine. What was my approach here? No REAL modifier, so she wasn't going to move – and her friends were unlikely to move either.

Fighting all of them at once would be silly. I turn and start the walk to the gym to retrieve my usual weapon. I didn't need to fight them all at once. I was scrappier than any of them one-on-one, and their athletic abilities were so different that it opened up an opportunity for me to split them up. I could help that along myself as well, of course.

After retrieving my usual knife, I head through the canteen kitchens and a nearby art classroom to set-up a few obstacles outside the door and along their likely path. All culminating in me walking around the outside of the building and peering through the window at the girls. I knock on the glass, drawing almost a dozen pairs of eyes towards me. "'Sup, bitches."

Every chair in the room is shoved back simultaneously as all of the girls stand and make a rush for the door. I linger for just long enough to watch the first one, an overweight and somewhat portly girl, immediately trip over a makeshift tripwire positioned directly in front of the door. The girls behind her don't stop, immediately charging past her into the school beyond – uniformly rushing to the building's closest exit, uncaring of the fact that the route was littered with traps and obstacles designed to split their group up as much as possible.

I wasn't a genius trap-maker or anything of the sort. All I had done was make the stairs and floor as slippery as possible, use entire rolls of tape to slow and obstruct certain parts of the corridor and placed a few heavy blocks of gymnastic equipment in their path that they would have to clamber over. It wasn't going to permanently stop anyone unless I got really lucky – but if they had some bumps and bruises as they trickled towards me in dribs and drabs then I would take that as a practical use of my almost-unlimited time.

I race across to the science block, confident that they would see me across the field once the first of them emerged from the building. Inside the building, I kick over some cooking oil and splash small buckets of paint and glue behind me, I bound up the stairs adding more and more irritating layers to the floor as I go and then I simply relax into position at the very top of the stairs – waiting for the first exhausted victim to make their way over to me.

I don't have to wait long, I don't recognise the girl who comes skidding across the floor to the foot of the stairs before gathering herself again to begin the crawl up them – but I'm not worried about having to fight her. I let her make it all the way to the top by using the guard rail to pull her way up the increasingly slippery steps. I don't even use the knife, a solid kick crushes her fingers against her chosen handhold – and a second dazes her enough for me to pull her up and flip her over the side of the stairs to the ground below. She doesn't land well, and doesn't get back up.

Her companions don't even blink at the twitching body at the bottom of the flight of stairs, whether she was merely winded or crippled for 'life' it didn't matter to them. My gaze sharpens as two more girls stumble in and start making their way up the stairs – with Madison struggling with the door behind them.

I still hadn't pulled out my knife, purely because in the past my targets had sometimes tried to run when I had a weapon advantage. That was why they were rushing me. In their head, if they all rush me at once then they have an advantage. If they saw me with a knife, this group would very likely back off and arm themselves before coming back for blood.

And my stupid power would probably let them find a gun to do it. Not that I'm still annoyed at being foiled on that front regularly or anything.

The two girls were still stumbling up the stairs – apparently smarter than their friend in trying the dry parts of the stairs rather than attempting to blindly rush upwards. I let them work their way towards me, eyes still set on Madison as she approaches the first flight of stairs herself.

Without a moment of hesitation, I vault the guard rail – plummeting downwards to collide heavily with Madison's shoulders and driving us both to the ground. I don't quite have the hand-eye coordination to pull off the Assassins Creed-esque aerial execution that I was going for, but with us both on the ground it's trivial to stab her after the fact anyway. I stab her a few more times for good measure, she barely struggles in her attempts to stop me – so I assume I hit something important the first time around.

The last of her energy seems to drain out of her after a few moments, and she slumps back onto the ground. A boot plants itself in my face moments before the attacker, my victim and the rest of the building fades away to nothingness. A final act of spite from a nameless grunt.

SUCCESS

Reward: Madison Clements+​

I grin up at the victory screen. Easy. I could do that again.

Madison Clements

Schoolgirl 2/4

(GANG) (TIME)​

I don't even let the world reform completely. "Challenge."

I'm not likely to have too much luck on a TIME challenge the first go around. So when I find myself outside of an unfamiliar house, I just push my way inside without a second thought.

I enter to a wide room, overflowing with cheerful people. 'Happy Birthday' signs across the wall, a large cake on a table in the middle – and Madison herself celebrating in a gaggle of her friends. Thirty sets of eyes settle on me.

I groan. "This is going to be shit."

I don't bother to run.

It was indeed, shit.

FAILURE​

I skip the hint.

Well. It wasn't an awful start, I suppose. The first level for two out of three of them.

Let's lay it out. Sophia was fine. Getting her away from her friends was the most important thing, even if they didn't help her they would warn her of my approach – and when my best shot at her was a straight-up ambush that was a problem. Emma's challenges seemed to be themed around that alleyway and would take multiple attempts, but I was confident in my ability to eventually get my hands on a knife and kill five or six people with it given the fact that I had functionally unlimited attempts and no shortage of bugs to throw into people's eyes. Madison's challenges seemed focused on drowning me in as many people as possible. That was actually going to be the hardest of them all in my current state.

I return to my meal, ignoring the scene playing out in full on the other side of the room. Not ready to put a stop to that yet.



Just before the bus arrives at the end of the school day, I spot Emma and Taylor again. Another incident must have happened given Emma's obnoxious laughter chasing Taylor across the field.

I focus on Taylor first. "Challenge."

The familiar sight of the ABB members in front of me greets my eyes. I point at the building behind me. "There is a girl with bug-controlling powers in that building, kill her!" I sprint away, this time in completely the opposite direction to the one I went last time. The people on the dogs were dangerous and fast, but I didn't think that they were actively tracking and chasing me. An attack of opportunity, rather than something that was planned. I had run into them almost right at the edge of the ZONE modifier, so it wasn't even like I was about to outrun the bugs in that direction.

So if I ran in the opposite direction, the odds were good that I wouldn't run into them at all. The ZONE modifier was likely to keep me hemmed in, but all I needed was to get out of the bugs line-of-sight and hide somewhere where the bugs couldn't find me.

Choosing this direction to run in gives me way less breathing room from the bugs – having to duck and sprint directly under the cloud before it descends to street-level. I get away mostly unscathed, the fast, repeated application of my own Bug Control power just enough to flick off the worst of the bugs that managed to latch onto me.

I dip and dive through the streets, only barely staying ahead of the bugs chasing me. I can only assume that my minions were unsuccessful, as there's no sign of the bugs relenting at any stage. I frown at a buzzing, humming noise that seems to be coming from in front of me instead of the insect swarm just behind. I squint down the road, then come to a slow stop – and not because of the giant ZONE blocker that prevented me from running further in that direction.

"Come on." I groan, ignoring the rapid descent of the biblical plague behind me. "This isn't fair at all!" Armsmaster's bike skids to a halt in front of me, neatly blocking my escape route.

The man himself dismounts into the air, I don't quite see how the tinkertech syringe ends up lodged in my chest – but I don't have more than a second to guess before I pass out.

FAILURE​

I glare at the failure screen. "How is this the second level?" Shitty balance teams. That's how.

Lesson learned. That way is not an exit. I can't both dodge the bugs and get away from these other pursuers. In fact, I don't think I can out-range the bugs at all. I wouldn't be surprised if the ZONE was a perfect circle around Taylor that matched her range.

I shake my head, taking a moment to gather myself. Emma looks like she vanished back inside while I was waiting for my vision to come back, but it isn't the end of the world.

That is something I should remember for the future though. I've noticed it before. It always takes a few seconds of real-world time to recover my bearings and see the world normally – but the real world isn't kind enough to wait for me to be ready. If I was in the middle of a fight, it wouldn't end well if I wasn't careful.

I shake my head, and jump on a different bus to usual.

I'm heading straight back to the Dallon household.

I arrive early, the quick walk from the bus stop passing swiftly. A glance at the Dallon household tells me that I've already missed Brandish somehow, she must have arrived early – seeing as her car is already in the driveway. I doubted that my other two targets would have arrived yet though, considering how much earlier I am than usual. I enter the house next door without any trouble, ready to resume the waiting game that I had set-up previously.

Katarina is no less welcoming than she was the day before, having arrived earlier than usual I waste no time in pushing her to her knees on the kitchen floor and ramming my full length down her throat. There's no need for foreplay or false pretences. She's horny. I am horny and have plenty of time to kill. It's a win-win for all of us.

She relishes the rough treatment, almost seeming to enjoy the abuse of her mouth and throat more than I was. I've bundled my hands up in her hair to act as my handholds, increasing the pace of my violent thrusting until slowly, but surely, her experienced motions give way to something more primal and needy. It's almost satisfying when she gags against my cock for the first time, as I finally give her a bit more than she can handle at once.

"Mmphk!" Once she stumbles for the first time, it's all over. There's nothing left for her to do but blindly submit as I ravage her throat, with not a semblance of the proud control that she had yesterday.

After a full day of getting essentially nothing of value done, I was backed up. I'm ready for two rounds. Maybe even three. So when I first feel myself getting ready to blow my first load, I do nothing to hold it back. I spray the back of her throat white in a single burst, finally releasing my grip on her hair at the same time. She reels backwards, lines of drool and semen mixing together and forming long strings between her mouth and my cock.

I'm still not done. With my cock newly-freed from its confines, the rest of my climax erupts over the rest of her body. The slim, red dress that she had chosen for the occasion is stained with my seed. Her pretty face, still gasping and trying to recover from the brutal skull-fucking, is plastered in white. Almost as an afterthought, I reach forward to bundle up some of her hair – just enough to wipe my dick clean before stepping back to admire my handiwork.

She looks broken. A pleasure-addled, cum-soaked mess. If it wasn't for the dopey smile and the lone hand fingering herself through her panties, I might even have been worried for her. This was better.

I was still ready for more, but I could let her gather herself first. My eyes roam over to the table. May as well help myself to the food, if nothing else – she is a pretty good cook.

It's a solid minute or two before she pushes herself off of the ground. "Well." She grins, and makes an attempt to wipe away the mess on her face. "You're energetic today."

"It's been a long day." I glance at the window as a car draws closer, then takes off down the street. Not Brandish.

"Won't catch me complaining." She massages her jaw slightly, before lapping up a few stray droplets of cum from her lips. "It's so nice to have someone just… use you. You know?"

"Mm." I push away from the table. "I'll have to keep that in mind." She makes a curious noise as I move her towards the window, pressing her down against the counter.

With her front half bent over the counter, the short dress rides all the way up to her ass to expose just how slutty and ineffective the garment really is. I flip it the rest of the way up and out of my way, yanking her sopping-wet panties halfway down her legs as she simply wiggles her ass in a teasing response.

I keep my eyes on the window, awaiting the imminent arrival of my targets – but at the same time let my fingers experiment with the redhead's exposed pussy, she's responsive. Loud. It's easy to tell which motions she likes, which ones she doesn't. Slowly correcting myself to the ideal movement and speed. Just as I think I've gotten it perfect, I spot the arrival of my two targets.

Panacea and Glory Girl. Round Two.

Panacea first. "Challenge."

I already knew the room number from last time. Sprinting straight up the stairs, I easily make it in a third of the time that it took me previously. So much faster, in fact, that I don't even see her out in the corridor. I duck out of sight as a concerned staffer sprints up the stairs hoping to catch me.

The security in this hospital is terrible. I guess they take her for granted because she's here so regularly – but I'm surprised that a clearly-deranged individual like myself could even make it within touching distance of her last time without getting shot or something. Admittedly, not everyone had infinite retakes of attempts to murder or kidnap Panacea – but some people just had better powers to do that anyway. Ability to poke a wasp into people's eyes aside, I was essentially powerless in these challenges at the moment.

If she's not in the corridor, logic tells me she's currently healing someone. I try the next door across. The cape is resting her hands on the bare chest of the bedridden patient – seemingly oblivious to the world as two other doctors peer at a screen on the opposite end of the bed.

I don't check to see if it's locked. I don't want to risk Panacea being aggro'd and poking me to death.

Instead, I hurry across the hallway – keenly aware that Panacea would be out of that room in about a minute and a half. I hoist a fire-extinguisher in the air with both hands, testing the weight for a moment. Heavy. Not that I tested many fire extinguishers, but the few I had held previously had been a lot lighter. I guess this is just a bit more heavy-duty, or a different type or something.

"What are you doing?" I swear under my breath as I am finally accosted by a doctor. Or a nurse. Janitor. Surgeon. Receptionist. Whatever. I didn't know how to tell the difference based on their uniform.

I turn to face the middle-aged, slightly-balding man, adopting a country-boy accent in the hopes of blending in a bit to the support staff that presumably worked around here. "Uh, yeah. I'm an intern and the maintenance staff wanted me to take this fire extinguisher down to them because it's out of date and it needs to be replaced." Excellent excuse. Nailed it.

He scowls. "So instead of bringing up its replacement first, you decided that this area simply shouldn't have a fire extinguisher entirely?"

I eye my watch as best as I can. Can't get held up here. I attempt to sound increasingly dumb in the hope that he will give up on conversation with me as a lost cause. "Uh, I think… Jeffery was doing that. He'll be right up in a second, I guess." I sidle away. "Bye."

His scowl deepens and he continues on his way, saying something under his breath about my supervisor.

I hurry back to the doorway, just in time for Panacea to shuffle through it with one hand rubbing at her eyes and looking… tired. She's not ready for a fight. Not expecting an incoming attack. Not aggro'd already. Which suited me fine, because it took her just a moment longer to identify the stranger just around the corner wielding a fire extinguisher over his head.

I would love to detail my highly skilled battle, where I delicately weave in and out of her fists – showing a display of mastery, skill and practice that truly suits someone who has infinite attempts at a given scenario.

That isn't quite what happens though.

I smash her over the head with a fire extinguisher. A full, massive overhead swing with both hands. It's a heavy extinguisher in the first place, but with such a massive swing behind it, the results are devastating. She slumps bonelessly to the ground, any sense of fight or resistance cleaved away in a single hit. I was initially only planning to knock her out with it and stab her with something later, but my power apparently decided she was never going to get up from a hit like that – ending the simulation before I even have to worry about the angry doctors racing through the door towards me.

SUCCESS

Reward: Biological Manipulation (1)​

Nice. Finally a useful power. Even if it was likely to be weaker than the real deal, the mere fact that I knew I could put people to sleep with it made it valuable for my challenges. I mentally equip it, already finger-deep inside Katarina to enable me to use it on her.

I frown. I don't really know what I was expecting, but there isn't an instant flood of knowledge and awareness of her body. I can feel… something. I'm just not sure what that thing is.

Can I make changes? I try a few changes, to seemingly no effect. For a name as general as "Biological Manipulation" it isn't quite as dramatic as I had hoped. Not at this level anyway. I should try something simple. Something more visible and obvious. I trace a hand across her back. Slowly, so slowly, I see my desired result appear. A smudge of blue on pale skin underneath my finger. I try to undo it without moving my finger again, but the effect barely makes it a full inch past the tip of my finger.

I don't know what's being done to achieve that goal, but it does seem like I have some limited ability here. Impossible to judge how effective the healing part is until there is an actual injury, but the power doesn't seem to be limited to purely positive, healing changes – which is nice. My powers aren't exact copies of the original owners, so it's no real surprise that my abilities aren't so immediately obvious as Panacea's. The mere fact that I could bring about any change at all was useful to me, especially when I spent so much of my time in grapples anyway. Even if all I could do was fuck up their muscles a bit, it would still be a huge help.

But it was slow. Limited to pretty much what I was directly touching and a tiny area around it. My brief attempt at an instant-sleep touch on Katarina failed as well, so perhaps the complexity has been dialled down as well. It seemed to work like my Bug Control power: I tell the power to do something, and the fiddly stuff happens behind the scenes. I don't know how I would turn skin blue, or makes wasps fly in a certain direction. But my power evidently does.

I glance back up, ignoring Katarina's breathy moans for a moment as I continue to toy with her pussy with my fingers. The pair have landed, and are only a few seconds away from heading towards the door.

AMY DALLON

Heroine 2/7

(CAGE)​

Damn. There goes the advantage of surprise. "Challenge." I would try anyway, but I think this is a dead-end for now. At least it came after I got another power from her first level.

We spawn facing each other, the same white room as any other CAGE modifier had always given me. I immediately sprint away from her, with her following fast on my trail. I dip and dodge to the side for at least twenty seconds, but a single-glancing brush of our fingertips is enough to send me straight back to the failure screen.

FAILURE

Hint: The CAGE modifier provides a level playing field for all participants. There are no obstacles or distractions, it is purely an exercise in who is stronger in a head-on duel. In the case of excessive stalling the room will begin to shrink and enemies will gain increasing stacks of (FOCS) and (CTRL). If both sides are engaged in combat but neither side is able to gain a clear advantage over the other, then powerful tinker-tech items will spawn at the centre of the arena.​

I peer at the hint. I didn't know what FOCS and CTRL meant. I was fairly sure I had seen them before, but only as part of another hint warning me about the consequence of failing a TIME mission. Or was it a ZONE mission? Whatever. I would find out one day. More interesting was the fact that I couldn't just run away from a superior opponent and wait for the tinker-tech to spawn if I was clearly outmatched without it.

I shake my head, impatiently waiting for my view to clear. I knew that was a long shot, but it was good to try.

Speaking of long shots… I didn't expect to get anywhere with Glory Girl, but it isn't like it costs me anything to try again. "Challenge."

I head straight to the wall this time, ignoring the terrified cashier.

When the wall implodes, I lunge at her wildly as she comes through, one arm curling around her waist while the other comes from behind to slam the knife into her spine. It's ineffective – my attempted handhold skitters off like I was trying to grapple the sea, and then the knife bounces off of her only slightly slower than my head bounces off the floor as she notices my presence and puts an end to my attack, and my life, in a brutal downward swing.

FAILURE​

I roll my eyes. Expected. I got Panacea. That was the important thing. This was probably a dead-end from this point onwards until I get more options to play with. I'm not even sure that it's worth coming back until I get another power or two that might help. Can't beat Panacea. Can't beat Glory Girl. Can't beat Brandish. Flashbang never showed himself outside when I was around, so unless I went knocking on their door I wasn't going to see him.

I stop fingering Katarina. I'm already back to full-mast, a fact which she immediately discovers when I realign myself against her and gently press forwards. She stiffens slightly. "We probably shouldn't…"

It's a weak protest. Even in her mind, we've never done this before. I've only completed three stages out of four. Another stage and she would probably be my free-use slut, but I was taking the opportunity to prove to myself that I could blur the lines between levels with my own actions.

I land a meaty smack on her ass, drawing a shocked gasp from the woman bent over the counter. "I didn't ask for your opinion. These holes-" I press forward, her pussy lips slightly parting to make way for my length – but not quite fully penetrating. "-are mine to use."

"Mghh." She gives out a wordless noise as I continue to press against her. I spank the opposite ass-cheek this time, watching the satisfying ripple and visible handprint that I leave behind. "Yes!" Her yelp seals the deal. Not that I was anticipating any trouble with that from the woman who apparently had no issue with pulling high-schoolers off the streets with the express intent of sucking their dicks.

I push myself forward in a single, violent motion. She rolls with the motion, pressed up against the counter until her body is finally forced to allow me deep into her core. For such a proud, self-proclaimed slut she's surprisingly tight – inner walls clamping down on my every attempt to move. She moans into the counter as I bottom out inside her, briefly pull back and then slam into her once again.

Nothing needs to be said between us. Not that she seems to be capable of much other than incoherent moans and sounds of enjoyment. I'm enjoying myself too, but the simple fact of the matter is that this woman doesn't mean anything to me. Just another hole for me to use. Practice.

I continue to assault her inner walls with increasing force. Warm, wet layers of flesh parting to welcome me into her core, then pressing back down onto me as I passed – every slight motion just another opportunity for my cock to be milked by the increasingly loud and needy woman in front of me. My open palm connects with her ass, causing an additional, delightful, contraction around my shaft as she reacts to the sudden spike of pain and pleasure.

"I'm." She gasps out, pressing back into me in time with my own thrusts. "-on birth control. Just cum straight inside. It's fine."

I don't need telling twice. I erupt inside her like a fountain, spilling out into her womb and painting her inner walls white with my seed in sync with her own shaking, gasping orgasm that seems to rob her of the ability to make any further coherent sound. I hold myself there for a moment, allowing her to quiver and tremble against me before I slowly extract myself from the gorgeous redhead.

"I won't be coming around for a while." I break the silence after a moment. "I have some other things to work on, but I'll be back again."

"Good things don't last forever." She glances over her shoulder at me laconically, still not rising from her position. "Don't stress out over it. You're always welcome to pop over any time."

"I will." I blink as she rolls back into me again, her sopping, abused cunt brushing up against my semi-hard dick once again. "Hm?"

"Well." I can hear the smirk in her voice. "If we aren't going to see each other for a while, then we'd best make this one to remember. A pair of fingers spreads her ass-cheeks apart invitingly. "How about going three-for-three? If you're feeling up to it."

My lower half stirs, and I can't quite keep the grin off my face. "Challenge accepted."


Despite my recent success, the next day was almost a complete failure on every level possible. Taylor poured bugs down my throat until a dog larger than a van bit off the top half of my body, I completely fumbled my attempt to get a knife from Emma's gangsters and Madison's birthday guests stampeded me to death without me even being able to enter the building.

On the other hand, my plan to handle Sophia unfurled almost perfectly. I had clambered up into position above the main exit, attracting some strange looks but no actual resistance from the relatively unrealistic NPC's. Sophia had left the building with a sidekick. I had leapt down from the low-hanging roof above them, thrust my knife in a perfect line into the back of her neck – and then she had faded into a black pile of smoke that I passed through without resistance, until she reformed a second later in a position to effortlessly murder me via repeated applications of boot-to-face – shifting into smoke at every failed, desperate swipe with the knife that I make.

Cape.

Not just any cape. Shadow Stalker. The Ward.

…Taylor is going to be pissed when she finds out. Not yet though. The last thing I want is Winslow being drowned in a biblical plague of bugs and her being shunted off to the birdcage. I'll just… sit on that information for a while.

More importantly, I now knew a few things. Firstly, her power automatically kicks in when I stab her. Presumably not after every nick and scratch that she gets, but there was a threshold of damage that her power can detect and transform for her.

Secondly, she had no issues with abusing her power once it was revealed – and yet didn't use it at all in our first meeting. Why? Simple. The REAL modifier. When confronted with physical violence in school, the real Sophia wouldn't out herself if given the choice. Even if their sole purpose in life was to kill me, my enemies still stuck to their usual methods and tactics in a fight. Glory Girl didn't hang back throwing boulders at me, she rushed in and punched skulls like she did in real life. Panacea didn't lurk in dark corners to try and prod me unconscious from around the corner.

So with Sophia, actually rushing her head-on with all of her friends around limited her options until I showed myself as a cape or I was actually about to kill her – only because that is exactly how she would respond to real, physical violence at school.

Anyway, new information aside, that was a miserable failure. A little embarrassing, actually.

Which takes me to today. I sidle into the class a little later than usual. Heading over to sit next to Taylor at the back. "Challenge." I hiss it under my breath before reaching my seat.

This time, I take advantage of my fellow ABB gangsters. "Follow me!" I sprint forward, towards the group with the dogs. The ABB follows in my wake, slightly hesitant at first and then with far greater urgency as they notice the swarm rushing after us.

I round a corner. The only people on the street are either my enemies or my allies. No civilians. So naturally, anyone Taylor finds with her bugs is an enemy to chase.

She could clearly somewhat sense and direct her bugs at range, but could she see through them? By taking the rest of the gang with me and getting out of line-of-sight, she was now entirely reliant on whatever senses her bugs gave her. I lead the group down the street. "Split up! Go your separate ways! If you see anyone on a dog, shoot them!" I roar at the terrified men trailing behind me.

I subtly redirect a few bugs onto my other men, then focus on my bug sensing power some more. I just needed to find a spot… there! I sprint into an alleyway, past a few bugs that were clearly too small to warrant Taylor's interest. I smash my way through a window, getting through with only a few small traces of blood on the ledge.

There weren't any bugs in this room. Not even one. This was someone's house, or at least it would have been if other people were around. A few stray, uncollected bugs were at the edge of my range in the next rooms over – but there was nothing to find me in here. I whip off the curtains to cover the window I had broken into, then pull off my shirt to block the underside of the door connecting this room to the rest of the house.

Finally, I rush myself into what appears to be an empty, abandoned closet. I shut myself inside, curl up and prepare to wait out the rest of the challenge.

Heavy thuds outside the window draw my attention, and I still my breath for a moment. "…lling you, he's hiding in there." A girls voice. "Waiting for us."

A gruffer, heavier voice answers her. "This is Lung. Hiding is the last thing I expect of him."

"I don't like this either." Another male voice offers. "Ten bucks says he bursts out of the roof as a fifty-foot dragon and eats bug girl, and then us. Or us, and then bug girl. Or maybe both-"

"You don't understand! Something's wrong, this isn't what Lung does – something's different about him, about his power!" An element of frustration underpins her voice. "He'll just come after us lat-" She breaks off her sentence as a distant note reaches my ears. "Armsmaster."

"If he's going to lay low rather than chase us then that suits us fine. Leave it, Tattletale." The boy orders. "Let's get out of here before Oni Lee catches up. We're leaving. Bitch." Two sharp whistles precedes the sound of something heavy rushing against the walls, before heavy footfalls race away from my hideaway.

I hold my breath. No bugs to find me. They seem to be leaving. Armsmaster has no reason to find me here.

I fall through the floor, and let out a roar of satisfaction as I finally get the result I've been wanting for days.

SUCCESS

Reward: Taylor Hebert+​

I quieten down before I start to return to the real world. Don't want to draw that much attention to myself in the middle of class. Taylor glances up as I approach, not saying anything – but she does take the step of moving her bag and books out of the way of the seat next to her. That was as clear an invitation as I had ever gotten.

"Hey Taylor." I plonk myself down next to her. "How's life?"

"The same as it was yesterday." She sighs, sparing a glance towards the front of the class where a group of girls were glancing at us and giggling. A week ago, those giggles might have been more mean-spirited. I had beaten at least one challenge for a full half of those girls, and some of them I had cleared two. Even if I hadn't actually done anything to them, their opinion of me was a lot better than it was before my power.

But it was still fairly negative. Hanging around with Taylor was still a major social faux-pas in school. My reputation got dragged down by association, no matter how much it had improved.

Not that it mattered. Street cred could be acquired any time I got bored and had a target in sight. A top-tier waifu is forever.

"I am going to get them off your back one of these days." I inform her. "Just you wait."

She rolls her eyes. "I won't hold my breath." She doodles in her textbook for a moment. "You would be better off not sitting somewhere else, you know? All you're doing is making yourself a target as well."

I shrug, an easy grin coming to my face. "Sure, but if they're wasting time trying to get to me – then that's time that they can't use to get at you." I spread my hands. "Sharing is caring, Taylor."

"You're an idiot." She makes a point of not looking at me, struggling to maintain a scowl. "But thanks, I guess."

I wave her off. "What are friends for?"

She pauses for a moment. "…Right."

I mentally fist pump. We're totally friends. Proper friends. Not Tsun-friends.

The conversation lapses into a comfortable silence after that. The interest from the girls in front doesn't stop, but over the course of the lesson, I make it a point to clear off the first few challenges of some of the gossiping gang. Not much of a change in their behaviour for now, but that's how peer pressure works – I suppose.

The class clears off immediately once the lunch bell goes off, I'm one of the last to leave – only to find myself being pushed back through the door by Sophia Hess, flanked by Emma and Madison with similar scowls on their faces.

I cough. "Challenge." Before they can get out a word, I enter Sophia's challenge.

This time, I had another tool available to me and a better plan on how to use it. A straight-up fight suited me fine. Two minutes later, I walk through the cafeteria door without a fear in the world.

My most important asset was the REAL modifier. Even with the knowledge that her entire life's purpose was now to kill me, Sophia wouldn't out herself without cause. She wouldn't bust out her power just for a friendly neighbourhood scrap.

She spots me instantly, jumping up from her chair and sprinting towards me.

I don't try any fancy punches this time – just a massive grapple attempt. She makes me regret the idea instantly, of course, a devastating knee to the stomach – and if this was a pure fistfight that would have been the end of it. But she doesn't know that I have a variant on Panacea's power. For a moment, my arm comes into contact with her face and stays there. Not a punch, just a gentle grasp against her face that she ignores in favour of punching me again – a repeated, devastating impact that saps my breath with every hit.

I deliver my instructions to my power, feeling the change at work. It's a tiny change, on the face of it. Not too different from sealing a basic cut, or turning someone's skin blue. A tiny change with a vast effect. It's only a few seconds later when she turns away from punishing my exposed body to shoving me away as fast as she can. She disappears into smoke and backsteps across the table, reforming with a silent scream.

I glance up with a bloody grin, spitting out blood onto the floor as students fled the room. I was bruised all over from my brief time in that scrap, but somehow I had come out of it better off.

Sophia's face is a mess. Sealing her lips and nostrils together had taken mere seconds, and my last, spiteful claw at her face had put my fingers right over her left eye for a fraction of a second. Eyes are delicate things. It doesn't look like I was able to blind her entirely, but she's definitely got problems of some sort based on how she is struggling to focus on me. A fly dive-bombs into her good eye, causing her to flinch back as I grab the bug-power again for the split-second it takes to switch control to another minion and give it identical orders.

I throw a discarded tray at her, it misses entirely – but she fades into smoke anyway. I lunge across, going for another grapple – she catches my wrists easily, then drops me a moment later with a pained hiss as I try my best to cross as many muscles and veins into each other as possible in her hands and wrist. I don't seem to be able to just open up cuts wherever I go. It's like I'm only allowed to ease things into a slightly different shape or form. Whatever the case, the brief amount of time I had clearly isn't enough for me to really effect things under her skin.

She backs away as I approach. She bumps into a table, then comes up clutching a knife in her hands. That doesn't matter. She doesn't need a knife to be a threat to me. Nothing has really changed.

I blink as blood sprays from the black girl, immediately followed by a pained gasp for air and a spurt of blood. "Did-" I shake my head as the black girl screams, wrenching her knife further through the thin film that was all I had been able to do to bind her lips together. "Did you just stab yourself a new mouth?" I grimace at the bleeding hole in the otherwise blank area where her lips should be. "That's gross. Metal, but gross."

"Fuck off, dickwad." Her breathing is making a funny noise through that hole, and despite the fact that it's disgusting I can't help but grin at the nasal pitch of her voice. "We'll see how well you laugh off a crossbow bolt."

She disappears into smoke, streaking towards the exit over the tables as I pursue. It's a hopeless effort to try and catch-up, so after a moment I double-back instead. She was going to get a weapon, I was going to get to a safer position.

I decide to make my stand in the half-open janitors closet underneath the stairs. A disused storage area. Some open corridors in between discarded walls of packages, boxes and a variety of well-used cleaning machines of some description. Small, cramped conditions suited me far better than her. All I had to do now was wait for her to find me.

She does find me first. Unfortunately, she doesn't subscribe to the idea of joining me in the room straight away. No. The first sign I have that she's found where I am is when a crossbow bolt materialises inside my left shoulder – if I had been facing a different direction, I would be dead now.

I don't scream, or give any acknowledgement that I've been hit. The most immediate concern is that she shouldn't be able to see me. There are no windows and she shouldn't be able to see through walls. I rest one hand against the door, wrestling with the bolt in my shoulder before giving up. Not a tranquiliser, which would have worked far better at taking me out in one shot. I had a chance against real bolts.

Another bolt sails over my right hand and I jump away, mind racing. That was a clear miss. Why? She clearly can't see me if that was a real attempt, was the first time just a fluke.

I need to test this. Even if I die. I drop down and lie flat on the ground, shaping myself like a pencil perpendicular to Sophia's angle. A second later, my hands are grazed by a passing bolt.

My hands again. I push myself to my feet, putting my right hand on the doorknob and stretching my body as far away from it as I could manage. Not a moment too soon, as another bolt sails through where any normal person would have been standing if they were trying to open the door.

My hands. She can see my hands. Proximity to the walls? No, she saw me the first time – right in the middle of the room. Not my hands. I stare at my hands for a moment, then I swear. Not my hands – but my watch. Some tinkertech bullshit. She can see the metal. Or the electricity. Something like that. I drop the watch to the floor and scramble upwards onto a pile of discarded boxes next to a shelf of blinking lights.

One bolt speeds across the floor. Two bolts. Three bolts. All sail through the spot where I would be if I was lying down. I grin. That's it.

After a few more shots, the bolts stop coming. Limited ammo, I would guess. If she was smart, she would back off and get more. Or call the PRT if that was an option. But that didn't seem like Sophia. I had hurt her. Pissed her off. It was personal for her now.

So when her shadowy form starts to eke through the door, I'm already flying through the air from above to land on top of her. She's shoved her usual hockey mask on, but not her full costume. I land a heavy punch against the mask, attempting to find exposed skin with my other before she erupts back into smoke – almost instantly appearing in a standing position behind me and connecting with a downwards kick. I grab the foot, only to feel it slip through my grasp once again.

I roll away as another kick goes wide, her gaze follows my general movement for a second as she lunges again – missing me by miles. She scowls as she rips off the hockey mask, one good eye briefly inspecting the cracked goggles above them. "Useless thing." Her voice still has the nasal tint to it as her deformed face twists in anger. "Don't need it to deal with you." With her next kick, she doesn't miss – leg phasing through my attempted block and reappearing an inch from my face. I roll head over heels backwards, moving with the motion to gain some distance.

Got to touch her. No bugs in here that can fly. Stupid. Should have grabbed one and taken it with me. I'm bleeding a bit from my shoulder, but I still feel fine. Touch her. Touch her. How do I lock her down? It seems impossible, now that she knows what I can do. If there is even a slight threat from me then she can fade away and reposition.

So she needs to make a mistake. I push myself to my feet as she saunters forward. It's a small room. Little more than a storage cabinet for the various cleaning machines and chemicals around. I make my way to the door.

And hit the lights.

The room plunges into pitch darkness. I rush forward,

I collide with her messily, before she effortlessly shifts again and plants her foot in my stomach as I fall. I scramble back up and grab her again, attempting to toss her sideways. She shifts again – this time landing a punch into my side with a mocking laugh at my attempts to reach her.

Impossible. I leap at her again, hands flailing for anything to hit her with from the shelves. I swing without thinking, dragging a shelf down onto her and me together. I feel her shift again as I shove the falling debris away from me, but I can't miss the flash and crack of electricity behind me – nor the sizzling of burning flesh that fills my room as an agonised, keening cry fills the roam.

I turn to stare as the crackle of electricity fades to briefly illuminate a burnt, very-much-solid Shadow Stalker still under a small pile of cables and appliances. Some switches and computers that had been left on and hidden on the shelf instead of tucked away in a network cabinet somewhere. I didn't know what they were used for or why they were here – perhaps some old signage machines? Something to manage the network upstairs? Manage the WiFi?

The light quickly fades again, but I take the opportunity to jam my hand into the spot where her face was. I can feel her try to shift again, only to be ejected with another hiss of burning flesh.

No going through electricity? I can work with that. My hands grapple against her face, she doesn't – or perhaps can't – shift away, so she tries to bite me instead. Fortunately, that's nearly impossible given the current state of her face in general – leaving me for a brief moment unopposed with a full hand covering her face. I fuck up her other eye first. A mirror of what I did to the first one, a swift and easy change to permanently blind her. She kicks away once, twice at the boxes before fading away backwards through the opposite wall successfully before the active devices and cables could fall back onto her.

I back away. I know that she has some kind of sense of things in her cloud, even if she was blind now. I didn't want to fuck this up now.

I creep around the room, no longer able to see her. Somehow I manage to make it back to the doorway unscathed, flicking the light back on to see what I had to work with.

With the room well lit, it's easy to spot the dark cloud in the dead centre of the room. I watch her for a moment, watching as she briefly switches back to breathe in again before shifting back and staying in that state.

She can't leave. She doesn't know where the door is, or whether there are wires in the walls. She only knows that where she is now is safe. She knows I'm here, and that I'll easily take her out if she tries to blindly feel her way out. I take a step forward as she shifts back, and her face snaps towards me as she makes a leaping kick in my general direction. No danger of hitting me, she lands painfully into a stack of chairs, briefly shifting into smoke and back to manage her landing.

I back up to the pile of fallen debris, prompting her to make another lunge towards me as she follows the sound of my movement. I throw a computer at her, only for her to phase through without noticing. I cut off my muttered swear as I notice the absent power cable, lost beneath my feet.

But still – she has to shift into her shadow state to beat me in close quarters. She's blind. She can shift freely as a wraith to beat me, but only when she knows that her power will cover me to give her some awareness of where I am.

She halts her advance as I stumble back onto the pile of debris. Back in her human form, she slowly probes the pile, throwing pieces to the side as she works through it towards me.

Not much time. I race to the nearest powered device, uncoiling the cable that had been tucked down the back of the shelf to hide it from view. It was easily long enough to give me enough to form a solid loop or three around my arm with some more slack, without uncowering the computer itself.

So when Sophia finally reaches me – I swing the computer overhead at her, which she predictably dissipates into smoke to avoid. The slight blip of static the only sign that the device actually grazed her shadow state before she dodged. When she then attempts to rush forward to engulf me in her shadow, she runs straight into the live power cable coiled around my arm – collapsing into a screaming, burning mess once more. I coil the slack of the cable around her neck while she is stunned, then retrieve the original computer and bring it smashing down onto the bridge of her nose.

She screams, attempts to shift and then screams some more as burns continue to spread across her body – now plainly visible on her face as blood spurts from her nose. Must not have been a very good hit, I was sure that would kill her. I swing again. And again. And then I swing through empty air – my heart stopping for a moment before I realise that it's just my victory and not her power at work.

SUCCESS

Reward: Shadow State (1)
​
I roll back on the blank, empty floor of the void. I'm exhausted. More so than most of my challenges to date. I can see why she's one of the more respected wards in terms of combat ability now. Her weakness to electricity aside, she's all but invincible to most threats save for her own attitude.

"Fuck you Sophia." I shake my head, waiting for the screen to fade and reality to resume its course.

"-king to you. Are you even listening?" Emma's face fills my vision.

Sophia closes the door firmly behind them. "We need to talk."

I fail to disguise my groan. I've had enough Sophia for today. Is this how Taylor feels all the time? A heeled foot stomps down onto mine as Madison grabs my bag and starts flicking through it, apparently on a whim. All the while, Sophia presses me further back against the desk. Right. This must be how Taylor feels all the time.

I spread my hands nervously, idly hoping to distract Madison from finding the hidden compartment with the more… cultured literature in my collection. "Alright then ladies. You have my attention." I let out a grin, eyeing up all three of their open, available challenges. "So. Let's talk."



AN: I was hoping to get this out last week, but I got distracted. Repeatedly. Story of my life, really.

I haven't grammar-checked this quite as thoroughly as I usually do because I just wanted to get it out today. If you point something out, I will fix it.
Last edited: Jan 7, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,116 others
Tamzar
Jan 19, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Six
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Mar 17, 2020
Add bookmark
#364
I might not be the sharpest knife in the drawer sometimes, but it doesn't take a genius to work out that the only reason for the Trio to approach me alone has something to do with me hanging around Taylor. The specifics of exactly why they were bothered about me now was still a mystery though. I've been hanging around her for months – was it just that Taylor was responding more positively now, which ticked them off enough to do something about it?

Or, from their perspective, perhaps we've been this friendly for weeks or months – making an intervention from them well overdue. It doesn't particularly matter either way – the end result is the same. A month ago I would probably have been almost wetting myself at the possibility of a beating from Sophia, but in reality, they were just trying to scare me, and I wasn't that concerned about my well-being.

I mean, really. This was an incredibly one-sided confrontation when you thought about it. At worst they would hurl some particularly vicious words and perhaps a stray punch or three at me – while I, on the other hand, had been given a perfect chance to drag them one step closer to servitude. Perhaps I would be successful today, perhaps not. Either way, the simple act of being in my presence gave my power some background to work with when it came to smoothing out the history between us.

Sophia crosses her arms, looking as confident and cocky as ever. "We're here to talk about your choice of friends."

"Oh?" I spread my hands wide, flicking my eyes over their open challenges to remind myself of what I was facing. "Which ones?"

Madison Clements

Schoolgirl 2/4

(GANG) (TIME)​

Probably the easiest of the lot with my new powers. A bunch of civilians guarding Madison. No real trouble.

Emma Barnes

Schoolgirl 2/4

(EVNT) (HUNT)​

This one was a lot more possible now than it was before. The scenario was just a mugging gone wrong that I have to survive. Except that I have the equivalent of a tracking beacon on me and they will pursue me to the ends of the Earth if they have to. Now that I have some powers that indirectly help with combat – I should be able to manage this within a few tries as well. The exact logistics of stealing a knife and then coming out of a 1v4 as the victor was something that I still needed to work on, but I would manage it eventually.

Sophia Hess

Vigilante 2/6

(EVNT) (CONT)​

I conceal my frown, the description for the Ward had changed this time around. I'm positive it was "Schoolgirl 1/6" last time. Did it change relative to my perception of her? Or is it a more specific name for her next challenge. I would expect a name like "Heroine" or "Ward" if it was tied purely to my perception, so perhaps the latter was more likely.

Ignoring that change, I haven't attempted this level yet. EVNT modifiers tend to give me scenarios that are very different from the usual deathmatches that I get. I would have to wait and see what I could do with this one. CONT… I don't remember ever seeing a modifier like that before. I guess I was going to learn something new today at least.

Madison smirks, drawing my attention back to the conversation. "Don't act like you have enough friends for that to be a real question. You know we're talking about Hebert."

My faint smile drops slightly. Rude. Evidently, rushing through challenges with a few of my other classmates hadn't done much to change my reputation around the school. Not yet, at least. "What about her?" I bring my hand up to cover my mouth as my eyes meet Madison's. "Challenge." I whisper it into my hand, I doubted anyone would read too much into the word – but there was no sense giving Shadow Stalker questions if she was ever to investigate my cape side in the future.

The world fades away, replaced once again with Madison's challenge. Like Emma with her alleyway, Madison seemed to have a theme. People. Social networks. Parties. Fighting large numbers of grunts to get to the queen bee. This challenge had already foiled me before, but I was a lot stronger now than I was back then.

I don't rush through the door quite yet though. Before I got started, now would be a good time for me to test out my newly-acquired power.

I grasp hold of the mental cube in my mind's eye that represented the power I got from Sophia, and to my surprise, it doesn't wait for me to try and control it – it simply activates itself the moment I select it. A black cloud erupts around me as I wave around my phantom limbs, appearing only as indistinct movements within the black fog. A second or so later, the power wriggles out of my mental grasp as I collapse back into reality. I try to grab it again, yet fail to get a proper grip and select it again.

It must have some kind of cooldown. That would make sense, both of the other powers that I had earned so far had been significantly reduced or changed from their original owners. It made sense that this one was the same. A relatively short, fixed duration on the shadow state before it kicks me out, and then it also has some internal cooldown before I can use it again. The weakness to electricity is probably still there, and I don't seem to be able to selectively apply the effect as freely as Shadow Stalker does. It's still extremely useful. I'll just have to clear more of Sophia's challenges to upgrade it over time.

The power solidifies again in my mind, I tap it and find myself encased in shadow once more. The cooldown wasn't too long, short enough to justify using it early and often rather than saving it for the 'boss'. Stalling for a few seconds over the course of a fight wasn't a huge problem against normal opponents. Serious capes might just kill me in that downtime, but I wasn't facing them yet.

Which meant that I could use it against the civilians standing between Madison and I without any issue. I wait for it to become available again and then barrel through the doorway, attracting the attention of the entire room in the process. I don't dare to stop moving, fully aware of how painful being torn to shreds by an angry mob is by now. I duck past a right hook and make straight for the stairway. Two boys step into my path, but I slip straight through them in my shadow state – sprinting up the stairs without any more obstacles left to get past. On the second flight of stairs, I glance back down behind me, sure enough, the guests were practically clawing at my heels in their haste to reach me. Madison wasn't among them as far as I could tell.

Which was all according to plan. I had noticed on my last two attempts that this version of Madison was more than happy to stand back or even outright retreat to safety while her friends mobbed me. This crowd didn't seem terribly realistic compared to others that I had seen. They moved as a single unit, all mindless fury and no independent thought.

So, when I reach the top floor, I simply wait for them to catch up and surround me. I don't make any attempt to escape, merely pacing around the furniture to grant myself a few more seconds for more people to reach this floor.

And then I activate my shadow state and slip through the floor.

I barely make it past the ceiling of the bottom floor before my physical body forcibly reasserts itself. Sophia's ability allows me to reset my momentum pretty quickly, even if outright gliding with it like she does is still beyond me – allowing me to land on my feet with little more than a light ache from the impact. I should count myself fortunate. I was half expecting to fall straight into a bunch of electrical cables going through the floors, but it looks like today is my lucky day.

I turn and grin at the only other occupant of the room. Madison Clements, in the flesh. I didn't have long. The mob upstairs would be coming back down once they fight their way through the crowd still going up. She waves a knife at me as I sprint towards her, but it's clear she has no idea how to use it. I slam my hand against hers, ignoring the bite of steel and the rush of blood as I grasp the blade firmly.

My shoulder slams into her frame at full force, pinning her against a cupboard as she reels from the impact, her momentum slamming her head back against the hardened wood. She's still clutching on to the knife, but can't employ it while my bleeding, ruined hand is holding it in place despite her efforts to twist it away. My forehead smashes into her nose. My knee flies into her stomach. My other hand encircles her neck and slams her head back and forth once, twice and then hurls her to the floor – only now releasing my grip on the blade. Not that it helps her in the slightest, she's not in any coherent state to fight any more.

My foot smashes down onto her weapon hand, her fingers making painful cracks as the blade skitters away. I can hear shouting from behind me, but it's already too late. I retrieve the knife and make a simple, clean motion towards her neck before diving out of the window in my shadow state to escape the first attempted tackle from the angry guests.

I stand in the garden for a moment, watching curiously as the mob spills out of the house towards me. The knife probably wasn't one that I would use – but I had a pretty good idea of how effective they were these days. Just a few moments longer, and that would be the end of it.

As if in response to my musing, the world disappears into nothing.

SUCCESS

Reward: Madison Clements+
​
Nice. That should turn things a little in my favour. I frown as the world starts to reform. It is tempting to continue onto the next challenge immediately, but perhaps it was better to take things slow? Nobody had noticed any changes yet, but then I hadn't interacted with such a tight-knit group yet. The last thing I wanted was for a Ward of all people to start noticing something was up with her friends. Perhaps it was overcautious, but I didn't want to risk anything at this stage.

Yes. This was the sensible path. Take things slowly. Give the 'friendship' a chance to breathe and grow – and then ramp it up again once we've interacted some more.

I flick my eyes at Emma. "Challenge." One of the girls starts to ask a question before the words are abruptly whisked away by the swirling kaleidoscope of colour around me that swiftly coalesces into a dark alleyway with a familiar knife at my throat.

The objective telling me to survive the encounter flickers in the corner of my vision. This is familiar, at least. Getting out of immediate danger in this scenario is easy enough, directing a single fly into his open mouth is enough to send him spluttering backwards for a moment just as I shift into my shadow state – I'm barely able to 'push' myself to my feet before my time-limit runs out and the part of my leg that was overlapping with his falling body is forcibly shoved sideways into empty air. I wince as my ankle lands awkwardly, but don't let that stop me from lunging at my attacker's knife.

A moment ago, he was sitting directly on top of my body, leaving him with a short-but-painful drop when I suddenly turned incorporeal. To compound to his issues, he had to deal with an extremely irritating bug trying to jam itself down his throat – I knew from personal experience just how distracting that could be. It was safe to say, the sudden turn of events had caught the man off guard – and he hadn't yet made the same leap of logic as his friends had at identifying my cape-hood. In the split-seconds before he has a chance to realise what just happened, I've already plucked the blade from his loose grip and jabbed it upwards behind his chin.

"Cape!" Behind me, his friends shout out the obvious to each other – each scrambling for their weapons. I already knew they didn't have guns, so nothing is stopping me from blindly rushing at them flailing my blade. The nearest man wards off my lunge with one meaty arm, taking a deep horizontal cut across it for the sake of his self-preservation. I flop backwards as his hidden shiv races towards me in a deadly underarm thrust. Undeterred by the narrow miss, he carries his momentum forward – practically belly-flopping onto me with his blade, only to fall on hard dirt as my body turns to wispy smoke before his eyes.

I push myself to my feet as I turn solid again, unable to immediately finish the fallen man off thanks to his friend charging towards me with a furious roar. I square up to face the new challenger, it wasn't ideal – but if I could get the knife out of the way and reduce our scrap to a grapple, then Panacea's power could turn the tide if I could get my hand to cover something important. Failing that, I only had to stall long enough for my shadow state to come-

I blink.

The man's charge peters to a beleaguered halt, as his eyes attempt to cross over themselves to get a good look at the bolt sprouting out from his forehead. I take a step to the side as he slumps downwards, spying that the fourth man at the entrance of the alleyway has already suffered a similar fate.

I like to think that I'm not someone who complains at sudden strokes of fortune, so I seize on the opportunity to jump back at the last man standing as he pushes himself to his feet. I stab madly into his side, then further up his chest – ignoring his own blade lodging inside me. I grab his blade and hold it lodged inside me with my spare hand as we scramble around in the dirt for advantage. He pulls his hand away with a hiss, staring at his inelegantly welded-together fingers with horror. My version of Panacea's power seemed a good deal more brutal than hers, even at these early levels.

I yank out his abandoned knife and follow the man's retreat, slipping into shadows once more as he attempts to restrain me in a wide, aggressive bear-hug. The state times out while I'm overlapping his body with my own, forcibly ejecting me out behind the man – in the perfect position to cut his throat before he even realises where I've disappeared to.

As the man lets out a desperate, dying gurgle at my feet, I slump up against the wall, prodding at my stab wounds curiously. They didn't quite feel right – leaving me with an inkling of suspicion about what had happened. Perhaps it was worth a little test… I ignore the sight of Shadow Stalker dropping down to street level in the corner of my eye. She's undoubtedly the one who took out the other two – and I doubt I could handle all four alone on this attempt, regardless of my newly found powers. If she was going to try and kill me now, then there wasn't much I could do about it in this state.

I activate Sophia's power again as small cracks start to appear in the world, apparently the challenge realising that the mugging is over. I guess Shadow Stalker is friendly after all. Good to know – especially if Emma's next challenges also involved this place. I prod my stab wound again once the shadows fade, still there. Still bleeding. But undoubtedly a little less so than before. Possibly not as deep? That was useful to know. Even if it is quite limited, the ability to heal myself even slightly couldn't be understated – especially considering I couldn't target myself with Panacea's power.

"Not bad, predator." Shadow Stalker finally speaks up, apparently oblivious to the imminent collapse of the world around her. "I was worried you were just going to sit and take it for a moment there, but you really let those animals have it." The approval in her voice is clear. She hoists her crossbow over her shoulder, casting a dismissive glance at the fallen ABB thugs. "I think we make a good team, you and I – let me know if-" She splinters into cubes before the next word can escape her.

SUCCESS

Reward: Emma Barnes+​

I eye the success screen for a moment. Assuming the broad strokes of the event were true, then Sophia saved Emma, and they became fast friends when she was still a vigilante? The odds of that event occurring and them later becoming friends independently of each other were vanishingly low. The specifics of how it went down weren't important because of the changes I made when handling it – I somehow doubted that Emma knifed two people and used Shadow Stalker's powers without anyone batting an eye, there were bound to be dialogue changes there.

Well. Merely knowing that Emma likely knew about Sophia's cape status was interesting enough. Did Madison know? Was it that important? Probably not.

I shake my head. I've slightly lost where I am in the conversation, but if I could get Sophia out of the way, then I could plead a momentary lapse of concentration to get them to repeat themselves. "Challenge."

The world twists and heaves around me, my body moving on its own – clearly it was putting me into a scenario, just like it had with Taylor's challenge and the ABB. Except instead of replacing someone who was presumably Lung or Oni Lee, I was now pedalling down the streets of Brockton Bay on a rather unimpressive looking bicycle. My old one to be exact. I'm pretty sure that I last used this when I was ten – under great duress. It even had the Hero stickers attached to each handlebar, because apparently, this was where my power invested all of its efforts to pay attention to small details.

"Greg!" I feel myself to a stop in front of a stern-faced PRT agent. "I'm glad you're here. It looks like Shadow Stalker again. We think the victim will make it – but the wound is recent, she must be nearby. We've set up a perimeter around these blocks, if she tries to sneak past – we'll find her and the flyers will take it from there. We're pretty sure she knows that, so she'll just try and wait us out." He taps his helmet's visor. "The gangs will be nervous with us out in force like this, even without her kicking the hornet's nest– best of luck finding her before we have to pull back." He salutes, then turns away to bark orders at another man.

My body turns to face the streets ahead. "Hn."

RESTRAIN SHADOW STALKER WITHIN THE TIME LIMIT

NO CASUALTIES​

A fifteen-minute timer lights up in the corner of my vision. I groan to myself. It didn't take a genius to figure out that this was another challenge that was a dead-end for me for the time being. I knew for a fact that Armsmaster was the one who had ended Shadow Stalker's spree of vigilantism – and at the moment I was a poor replacement for him. Not least because I didn't have any way to restrain her without knocking her out, nor a way to find her within this wide search area.

Unless…

I jog after the officer. "You don't have a taser I can borrow, do you?"

He looks perplexed. "A taser? Not on me, but I can get one if it's needed. It wouldn't be a long trip."

I guess that was too much to hope for. I suppose without power testing or a lucky previous encounter, there would be no reason even to consider electricity as a weapon against Shadow Stalker. Even if it were only five minutes away, it would be too long given the area I have to search. With a timer hanging over my head, the best thing I could do for now is run around aimlessly – see if I can work out what the mystery modifier is doing this time around.

I turn to give a withering glance at my abandoned pushbike. It was clearly the closest thing I had to the infamous ArmsCycle. I shouldn't be surprised – my power had never failed to outfit me in an extremely generic template of 'bog-standard Greg', and apparently, this was no exception. Not only was it intent on denying me the ability to take in weapons, armour and useful tools from the real world, now it was mocking me with crappy substitutes for things that other capes would have had in my place. What was next? Would I replace Dragon in hot pursuit of a criminal – except this time I'm surrounded by my action-figures and my rejected Science-fair projects?

Maybe I was being a bit overdramatic. I'm not bitter. Not at all. I didn't even want to go on the ArmsCycle anyway.

Fuck, I wanted to go on it so bad.

I start to walk forward regardless. Crushed childhood dreams aside, any small bit of information would be useful – as a cape, Sophia's challenges were a priority for me to work through. I wasn't quite so worried about Emma and Madison. By the time it was reasonable for me to complete their next challenges without potential eyebrows being raised I would be more than prepared to handle them within one or two attempts. As I knew from Taylor, capes could be more complicated than that. Not that I was in any particular rush, it wasn't like these challenges were going to time out on me if I didn't complete them fast enough.

I continue to trundle through the streets, turning at a right angle whenever I run into the PRT encirclement. With nine minutes remaining, I pick up on a scream in the distance. Turning my walk into a run, I rush towards the source.

"Please!" I round the corner, finding Sophia in full gear standing over a downed, bleeding man. "I've done nothing wrong-"

"Nothing except being a Nazi." She spits out the word, seeming to relish in the flinch she gets from the man. "Don't tell me you're having second thoughts now that you're the one on the receiving end? Your friend earlier was all too happy to explain your-" Her head snaps up to face me. "Greg." If her voice was scornful before, now it was practically hateful. "I suppose it was too much to hope that you would just keep at the cookie sales while someone did your job for you."

"Can I just say how weird it is that my hero name is apparently Greg." I mumble. "I know I haven't picked a proper name yet, but it's weirding me out."

"I'm not here to play word games with you." She snarls, taking a step backwards. "I'm here to make a difference to this shithole of a city. Something which you've never been able to do in your entire career. You've never had the guts to do what needs to be done, when your entire city is overrun with fucking Nazi's!" She levels the crossbow at the fallen man's head – and before I can utter a word of protest, sends the bolt flying through his eye socket without a shred of hesitation.

Probably should have seen that coming. Still. It isn't like I was going to catch her she bounds upwards, shifting into her own shadow-state part way and gliding to a nearby roof – then through a window and out of sight. Again. My shadow-state couldn't do that yet. I couldn't catch her. I doubted I would be able to trap her in a bunch of live-cables again, so I couldn't restrain her either. And she probably still beats me in a fair fight now that she has no reason to pretend to be a normal student.

I jog towards the fallen man, preparing Panacea's degraded power – already knowing that it would be insufficient to the task. I don't even make it halfway before the NO CASUALTIES objective flashes red and my vision turns white.

FAILURE

Hint: The continuous (CONT) modifier will cause enemy units to remember their experiences during any of your previous attempts at that specific challenge. While their overarching behaviour will be unchanged, they aren't likely to fall for the same trick twice! Vary your approach and consider holding specific strategies and powers close to your chest until you are sure of your path to victory!​

I stare at the hint. A useful hint. An actually helpful, informative hint? Crazy.

Although, the CONT modifier was crazier. I had been curious about what exactly it had changed, having not noticed anything particularly unusual during the event. Well, now I had my answer. It changed nothing during this challenge. But the next time I challenged her, she would know that last time, at about nine minutes remaining, I was around when she executed that guy. That wasn't hugely important – and thankfully I hadn't revealed any of my powers in front of her. But it was useful to know that the moment I did, she would be aware of it and account for it the next time. If I unveiled a flight power, she would be watching the skies next time. A master power? She would avoid contacting me like I had the plague.

I could only hope that this modifier didn't give her any indication of the mechanics of the challenge. If she realised that to 'win' she only had to kill someone, or even just kill herself, then the mission would become almost impossible for me. Hopefully, that was covered by 'their overarching behaviour won't change' – with luck, she would just run off into a different direction next time so that I couldn't reliably find her in one place.

But even that alone was a problem. Not only did I have a fifteen-minute timer to contend with, but I also had to prevent her from killing absolutely anyone. And I couldn't kill her either – so there was no chance of me grabbing a blaster power and taking her out from range.

"Why couldn't it be something easy…" I claw one hand at my face in exasperation. Now would be a really nice time to have a relationship boost with Sophia. I didn't think violence was her primary objective – but I doubted it was entirely off the table either.

"Hm? You say something, nerd?" The girl in question scowls at me.

I roll my shoulders. Let's test the waters a bit. I might not have gotten far with Sophia, but Emma and Madison should both be friendly – if my previous experiences were anything to go by. "I said: I don't see why you're concerned about who I'm friends with. If you think I'm hanging around the wrong kind of people, then that sounds more like my problem than yours."

Sophia shows her teeth in something that could easily be confused as a smile. "It becomes our problem when you choose Hebert, of all the people, to be friends with. She isn't worth the effort – and it pisses me off to see you try." Sophia shoves me back again, sending me lightly stumbling against the table behind me. "She's probably got more STD's than you can count, courtesy of all of her Merchant friends that she's sucking off around the back of the school."

Somehow, I doubted that was true. Their lies are a little too unbelievable in this case because of one simple fact: Taylor doesn't have any friends.

Apart from me, of course. But I'm not a merchant.

"If she's not worth the effort, then why are you going through so much effort to bully her?" I probe.

It's Emma's turn to scowl at me now. "Is that what this is about? You want to be a big hero? A heroic white knight off to save the defenceless maiden?" Her voice adopts a sing-song quality. "That's cute. The idea that you, out of everyone in the school, are going to be able to do anything about it. Everyone hates Taylor for a reason. Hell, she barely even tolerates you half the time. Some people earn their place at the bottom of the trash pile. They were born to be prey."

I cross my arms, feeling oddly petulant at the childish turn of the argument only a few moments after murdering two-thirds of this group in my simulations. "Well. Aside from the petty name-calling, I'm not hearing any real reason to change my mind."

Emma takes a step to the side as Sophia cracks a fist into her palm. "I was hoping you would say that." Ah. That would be the violence. Never getting a relationship boost with Sophia would do that, I suppose. Still. It's nothing compared to what I've already experienced today, and she can't do anything serious without leaving a mark that might cause trouble for her later.

"I have an idea?" Madison clears her throat as we all turn to look at her. "Well… if you're out of the picture – then Taylor's kind of a dweeb with no friends at all to speak of. So how about we just make a little deal? You stay away from Taylor, and the three of us will do the same. That way, we all get what we want – Taylor's back on her own, and you can say that you've stopped the bullying."

"What!?" Emma practically shrieks at Madison, but after a moment of whispered conversation, she brightens up a little and seems to accept it. "Hmph. Fine."

Sophia raises an eyebrow at the whispering, but simply shrugs her shoulders. "Whatever. I don't particularly care about the loser anyway. We'll keep our distance, if you do the same."

I think I see their angle here. They can't claim any level of control over their followers and friends. They keep up the bullying in the background, while the Trio remains clean and innocent. I think that was still fine though. The Trio were the only ones that ever seemed to seriously bother Taylor, if this little agreement kept them out of it – then I think that worked out to everyone's advantage. "It's a deal." I sidestep Sophia and start heading to the door. "I'll be seeing y-" I pause in my farewells as Emma blocks my path, Madison looking pleased at her side.

"Oh, no no no. You can't just walk away and hope that we won't notice you sneaking around behind our backs." Emma has a manic gleam in her eyes. "Seeing as we've just deprived you of your one and only 'friend', if you really want to call her that, it's only right that you join us for the time-being as well."

"Ems." Sophia groans. "Are you serious? This nerd?"

"This way we can keep an eye on him, make sure he's following his end of the deal." She shrugs her hair over her shoulder. "And then Taylor gets to watch her boy-toy following us around like a lost puppy."

"I'm literally standing right here." I attempt to draw attention to myself. "I can hear every word you're saying. And I didn't agree to any of that yet anyway."

"Your opinion is worth less than nothing. It's happening. You break your end of the deal, then what happened to Taylor over the winter break is going to look like a friendly joke in comparison." Sophia prods her finger into my chest. "You're going to be sticking with us for now, and I'm going to see how long this spine of yours lasts before it snaps."

That sounded unnecessarily violent. I shake my head. This whole scheme only came about because I completed two of Madison and Emma's challenges and made them friendlier than usual. This is just their twisted way of justifying getting closer to me, and knowing that – there isn't much reason to refuse. It wasn't like I had anywhere else to be – and surrounding myself with some beautiful girls outside of lessons wasn't exactly my idea of hell.

"Alright, then." I shrug. "Lead on."



The trio are surprisingly pleasant when not thinking of new ways to torment Taylor. Madison and Emma are both gossip queens – dipping in and out of conversations at a baffling pace, it actually boggles my mind how they keep track of anything without the use of a superpower. Sophia, for her part, simply resumes her usual crusade of singling out a gang member for a beating or show of force – an act that I would applaud as something born from a heroic sense of justice in anyone who didn't have an unholy light of glee in their eyes as the boy squirmed under her heel and started to cry.

In fact, they almost seem normal until Emma suddenly curls up against me – grabs one of my arms and wraps it around her waist, then angles it up her shirt to brush up against her bra.

I blink. "Emma?" Suddenly I'm very thankful that Sophia isn't looking this way, or anyone else of note for that matter. This kind of position could easily get misconstrued as something else.

"Shh!" I follow her intense gaze across the room, to the frowning face of Taylor as she waits in line for food. She moves her hand over mine, making a groping motion that's clearly visible through her shirt. I can't say that I mind that much, Emma has a fantastic pair of breasts – and it's a true privilege to be outright encouraged to grope them, even if it is purely to spite Taylor. The idea is doomed to failure, something which shows that I know Taylor much better than Emma – instead of bursting into tears or anything of the sort, she merely rolls her eyes and goes back to waiting in line. I could easily have told her that Taylor and I don't have that kind of relationship right now where she would blow up in a storm of jealousy – but I'm not sure that she would understand the idea of someone liking Taylor for any reason other than sex.

I take advantage of the quiet, out-of-the-way table we have to continue my quiet molestation of the model. She barely seems aware of it, with how intense her focus is on Taylor – it's only when I start to dig deeper with my fingers, and a slight, unconscious gasp escapes her lips that she seems to snap back to reality. She swiftly wriggles her way out of my loose grip, and stalks towards Sophia – clearly annoyed at her scheme's failure, but seemingly not at all bothered about anything I had done.

Taylor gives me a curious look as she leaves, silently questioning my choice of seating arrangements, but it's far from the look of devastation that Emma was likely hoping for. The red-head continues to sulk long after Taylor is gone, undoubtedly silently plotting something else for her next move. I still don't really understand what her deal is, and she certainly isn't keen on sharing – so I'm left to talk to the only seemingly-sane member of the Trio: Madison.

"-and that girl over there? Casey? She slept with him that very night!" Or at least, she would talk to me. I didn't seem to be able to get a word in edgewise over her current lecture on dating politics within the last week at school. "So, you would think that would be the end of it right? No. The next day, he goes straight back to her like nothing happened – except her friend Jess was also at that party and told her everything that happened after she left."

"Right." Somebody help. I've made a colossal mistake.

"So they came in on Monday, had a massive cat-fight in the middle of Physics – and then he walks in, hand-in-hand with his other ex, Kate, and tells everyone that he's breaking up with Cass to get back with his 'one true love'!"

"I see." Is this the light at the end of the tunnel? The end of the seemingly eternal story of Brad and his string of failed romances?

"Both of them turn around and slap him, suddenly the best of friends again. Kate had no idea about any of this drama. She didn't go to the party because she's kind of a loser – so when Kate found out, she was mad at him as well because she's good friends with Casey." Madison covers her mouth with her hand. "And then someone who has yet to be identified-" She bobs her head at Sophia and gives an exaggerated wink. "-had a scuffle with him outside of the gym changing rooms which left him with a broken nose." She winks again. "Not that anyone knows who that is."

"I'm sure." I make a show of glancing at my watch. It was a bit early, but surely nobody would mind me heading to my class with a bit of time to spare? "Anyway. I have Comp-"

Her arm seizes mine in a deceptively firm grip. "Oh! And you see those two by the pillar? There's a rumour going around that they're dating! It's so cute – but you know the most interesting part?" I settle back into my seat. Escape doesn't seem possible after all. "He's actually Empire – but she's ABB! Forbidden love! Bound to end messily, but that makes it even better! I think-"

"So, how about Taylor?" I attempt to steer the topic to more familiar grounds.

She makes a pained face at me. "Ugh, don't you start. That's all I hear about from Emma and Sophia. Why do you think I even proposed this?"

"You don't hate her?" I'm surprised – given the amount of effort she seems to put into her campaign.

"Not personally." She stresses the word. "It's just, you know, someone has to be at the bottom of the heap. Every school has that one person that everyone looks at and goes: 'Well it could be worse. I could be them!' That's Taylor. It's just how social life in school works. You've got to push someone's head down to rise up above the water."

"I don't think that's how it works at all." I object.

She gives me a pitying look. "That's because you're one of the ones drowning and you never noticed. A bit like Taylor – it just comes naturally to you to roll over and be trampled." Her eyes roam over me, up and down like a scanner. "That isn't to say you haven't improved recently. You're nothing terrible to look at either. Even just hanging around us might get you back to social relevancy if you try hard enough."

Ouch. The worst thing about this conversation is that it's all coming from someone who's been somewhat mastered into liking me more, twice. "Thanks. I think."

"That wasn't a compliment." She sighs, turning to face me. "Anyway. Why do you even care about Taylor anyway? If you just want to get laid, I can find someone for you in a week. Or you can just show up at my next party. You're only a five or so now, but after a few drinks, anyone can become a solid eight! There's always plenty of unattached girls looking for a fling they're going to regret after a few too many shots."

Her attempts to bolster my confidence are puncturing my ego harder than all my previous time at Winslow combined. These backhanded compliments are brutal, in their own way. For the sake of my self-esteem, I'm going to pretend I didn't hear the last half of what she just said. "I'd say the better question is, why do you three care? You can't tell me there's really nothing personal in it. Nobody spends all their free time making one person miserable just because of social dynamics or whatever you want to call it."

"I told you, it really isn't anything personal. For me, at least." She tilts her head down the table, where Emma and Sophia are deep in conversation. "She's just a natural target. Same with Sophia. Sophia likes two things. People that fight back, and people that don't."

I make a balancing gesture with my hands. "Doesn't that just encompass everyone?"

Madison makes a vexed noise, as if explaining something to a particularly annoying child. "No. Let me phrase that differently. Picture this. Sophia tries to walk over everyone with studded boots. That's her approach to life. She likes the people who just sit there and take it – natural doormats who deserve to be under her heel, do you follow what I'm saying?" I nod. "Everyone else mostly just complains and gets out of the way, or calls her a bitch and moves on. She doesn't care about those people. The only other type of people that she likes are the ones that get up and punch her in the face for trying it."

"That sounds like an easy way to go to hospital." Or get killed, in the case of my challenges. I doubted anyone in the school could take her in pure hand-to-hand combat.

"That's true – but she would respect them for it afterwards." She makes a dismissive motion. "Anyway – that puts Sophia in a similar boat to me. Taylor's just a natural target – it isn't anything personal. She's just… there."

"I can hear a 'but' coming." I drawl.

She leans forward and lowers her voice. "Emma's the one with the grudge. I don't even know what caused it, but she has a real bone to pick with that girl. It's a little obsessive and creepy if you ask me, but her and Sophia are a package deal – and only an idiot would let Sophia slip away just because of her choice of friends. I need her muscle to keep the top spot around here, especially with the gangs around trying to muscle in on my influence."

"It sounds more and more like you're just using them." I glance up as people start to leave their tables to head to their next lesson. "Not that I can really talk, but I just thought you were friends."

"We are." She rolls her eyes at me. "It's just that I had a reason for becoming friends with them first. It's all about networks. Connections. I fully intend to walk out of school and coast through life as a true socialite. I have enough money to get by. I have connections. I'm attractive. I'll schmooze my way through enough high-class conventions, marry a rich guy who's about to keel over and retire at twenty-three." She sends me a smirk. "I've got it all planned out. If you still need a job at that point, I suppose I might be convinced to bring you on to, uh, fix printers or whatever it is you'll be doing at that point."

Unsurprisingly, I had higher aspirations than that – not that she had any way of knowing that right now. Ignoring the lofty arrogance and the narcissistic streak, it almost seemed like a nice gesture – like some noble tossing a gold coin from his carriage into the dirt for the peasants to scramble over and applauding himself for his generous spirit. Almost. "You're too kind." Sarcasm drips from my voice.

Sarcasm which she seems to miss entirely. "You know? I really am. This is like, my good deed of the day. The good deed of the year, even! I've taken you on as a charity case to give you the chance to sort your life out. It's like you're a particularly ugly puppy trying to clamber over a wall – and then I've given you a little foothold up to the top." She gives me a narrow look. "Although, please. Don't take this as anything more than it is. I pity you, and it was a chance to do something more interesting than stalking that girl. Nothing more than that."

"I'm incredibly thankful for your generosity." I state flatly. "But I really need to get to my class." She makes a shooing gesture as if to give me permission.

I shake my head to myself as I leave. Those girls all have issues.

I sneak into the classroom just in time – grabbing the only spare seat available. Taylor is already glued to her screen on the other side of the room, so I fire her a quick email to explain things. I didn't doubt that the Trio had informants keeping tabs on us, just waiting for me to break their agreement. They didn't have any way to check on the school email accounts, so it's all too easy to sidestep the intended embargo of information.

TO: taylor.hebert

SUBJECT: (blank)

Hey T,

E, M + S want me 2 stop hanging with you – made a deal that I stay away if they stay away. U should have some room 2 breathe now. Thank me l8r for being awesome.

Greg

PS – E thinks you'll be super jelly at her hanging with me – watch out for the NTR fetish LOL

With that message sent, I start to load up my project – which barely loads halfway before I get a reply.

FROM: taylor.hebert

SUBJECT: RE: (blank)

Greg,

I understood about half of those words. Is your keyboard broken?

Taylor

Another email filters through to the top.

FROM: taylor.hebert

SUBJECT: RE: (blank)

Greg,

Nevermind, I think I worked it out. You had some trouble with Emma's group? I told you that would happen. I can handle anything they can dish out. There's no need for you to do anything stupid.

I still don't understand your PS. Super jelly? NTR? What's that supposed to mean? Why do you even have a PS in an email when you can just add it to the main body?

Taylor

Ah. Taylor. So innocent. So confused by technology. L33tspeak is still beyond her.

TO: taylor.hebert

SUBJECT: RE: RE: (blank)

Hey T,

I'm doing it anyway so enjoy! Seeing as I'm not going to see you much at school now, hit me up on PHO (username: XxVoid_CowboyxX).

Greg

PS – delete these emails after you're done with them. Never know when someone is going to hack your account again.

I hit send, and then get back to the lesson.

A few minutes later, I hear the teacher's voice rise above the chaotic sound of tapping keys and mouse clicks. "Taylor Hebert! Stay behind at the end of the lesson and we'll talk about what we should and shouldn't be browsing the internet for during class."

I very, very deliberately don't turn around to acknowledge the burning glare at the back of my head from the other side of the room as the class titters at the scolding. That was not my fault. I am not responsible for her tech-illiteracy.

That wasn't the only reason I didn't turn around. Something on my own screen had caught my eye: A notification on one of my watched PHO topics.

Tickets now on sale for Wards Meet and Greet!

We are pleased to confirm that the final batch of tickets for the upcoming "Meet Your Heroes!" fundraising event has now been released. Up to four of Brockton Bay's young Wards will be in attendance at the event – alongside veteran heroes Armsmaster and Triumph. Exclusive Cape memorabilia will be available at… [read more]​

A wide grin splits my face. Perfect timing.


I pass my ticket to the doorman on the way in, struggling to contain my grin as they scan my belongings. These PR events were usually incredibly dull outside of the initial surprise of seeing a certain hero in real life – they only ever got interesting when a new hero or Ward was announced and one of these was their first event, but even then most people would just watch the highlights on PHO if anything funny happened.

All of that meant that the entire event just turned into a regular old party, with a set of speeches on one end of the show and a constant stream of refreshments, music and dancing on the other. The heroes were the guests of honour, of course – spending most of the night surrounded by admirers until they withdrew to the relative safety of the VIP section, where all the top donors were invited in case they wanted a conversation longer than ten words.

My sister was technically escorting me – but she had already run off ahead to the bar to take advantage of the free drinks with a fake ID, which left me to move around at my own pace and find all of my targets hidden in the crowds. Drawing any of them into a conversation was nearly impossible out here, and even getting within touching distance was a tough ask between the semi-rabid fans and the tight security around them.

But I didn't need that. Even just a moment of line-of-sight would be enough, and then I could just go and find some dark corner of the room to whip out my phone to kill time – then hopefully come back for round two once the cooldown timers wore off.

"Greetings!" My eyes light up as my first target appears. Clearly, there is some sort of schedule for one of the Wards to be assigned to greet new arrivals at all times – because based on his stance, this usually-jovial Ward looks like he would rather be anywhere else right now. "The main event is just down the hall, as you can probably tell by all the signs pointing that way. I'm sorry I can't do autographs right now, as I have been assigned the extremely critical task of being a signpost. Rest assured that I shall soon be free and available to grace you all with my magnificent presence in the main hall in just a few short minutes."

CLOCKBLOCKER

Hero 1/6

(LUST)​

"I'll look forward to it." I murmur. Of all the powers I wanted from the Wards, it was his and Vista's that I wanted the most. Both tinkers were all but useless to me in my simulations, flight was fairly common and the various brute powers were nothing too special in the grand scheme of things.

That wasn't the case with these two. High-tier powers that often terrorised the Versus threads on PHO – but more than that, would greatly complement my own challenges. Clockblocker's power alone would turn a single touch on an opponent into a death sentence – I could hang a frozen opponent, get in position to cut their throat, handcuff them to a wall, surround them with even more frozen items…

Too many ideas. Too much synergy. But I need to actually acquire the power first.

I start to walk past him as he attempts a pick-up line on the girl behind me.

Time to die, Clockblocker.

"Challenge."

AN: Going to cut it here because otherwise, I won't have a good place to stop before getting to an ungodly number of words. I have way too many ideas for the Clockblocker fight. I suspect that, with the number of fights in this event, I'll have to split the next chapter in two as well – but that's something for another time.

I originally had a lewd scene with the Trio going for "blackmail" – but decided to go in this direction instead as it felt a bit more natural. Going to do some minor edits to previous chapters to align things with how I've done them here - mostly just minor mechanics that don't have any bearing on the story. Nothing re-read worthy.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Dwooly, cardboredpie, Truebalance and 1,065 others
Tamzar
Mar 17, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Seven
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
May 24, 2020
Add bookmark
#431
"Challenge"

I patiently wait for the new level to load. I didn't know what the LUST modifier did, but I felt that it was probably a safe bet that it wasn't anywhere near as fun as it sounded. I had a vague recollection of a previous hint threatening to apply it for failing some condition or other. Still, I didn't have any experience of it directly as of yet.

I frown and look around at my surroundings as they form. What I had initially confused for a tiny room was actually an elevator, the last trickle of colour fills in the finishing touches of detail to my surroundings to reveal the lit-up buttons on my right as I realise that I was already in motion.

As if in response to my discovery, the elevator slows to a crawl and opens its doors – giving me a completely unobstructed view across the room to where Clockblocker, wearing his trademark white costume, sat alone in front of the TV. I stare at him. He stares at me.

He rushes to his feet as I swear, ducking out of the elevator as he begins his sprint towards me. "There goes my prep-time." I mumble to myself, already working overtime to think of a solution to dealing with a fully-costumed Clockblocker chasing after me. I had been hoping to catch him unawares, but with that option gone, I would have to experiment with what I could do.

The odds were good that touching him meant death – even if I was only held up for a short time, he could easily chain-freeze me while he set up a lethal trap or found a deadly weapon. That rendered Panacea's touch-based power useless. Taylor's had some minor use as a distraction to enemies with exposed faces – but it wouldn't do anything to Clockblocker's costume unless he took it off for some reason. Sophia's power was honestly the most useful – letting me briefly slip out of any of those dangerous situations before he could touch me, and potentially even after. The only downside was that I strongly suspected this was home territory for the Ward – an isolated base out in the Bay with two tinkers was bound to be brimming with electricity. Attempting to go through the walls would be risking death on each occasion, but if I was forced to it, then it remained an option.

All of that left me with very few options for actually killing the Ward. Aside from the protection from his costume, he wasn't a Brute – he would die if I hit him with something that would kill a baseline human. The only issue was that I had nothing that could hit him at range, and trying to hit him in melee would just let him freeze the weapon and probably break my hand in the process.

I barrel down the stairs as fast as I can, I'm not quite as athletic as he is, but I do have one notable advantage. His costume, while not particularly clunky, doesn't provide quite the same flexibility as my plain-clothes outfit that was so helpfully provided by my power. Not that I wouldn't swap that flexibility for some light armour like his in a heartbeat – but there's nothing I can do about that.

I spare a glance upwards as I notice the conspicuous absence of his footsteps on the flight above me, only to be treated to the decidedly unwelcome sight of Clockblocker vaulting the railing and plummeting down to my level in seconds. Instead of continuing to plummet through the gap between each flight of stairs, he pulls on the suddenly-rigid and unmoving sheet of paper in his hand – which had been gently curled inwards to cup his palm, forming an easy handhold for him to use without cutting himself. His downwards momentum turns into a powerful sideways swing after the limited number of flights that I had managed to gain with my lead.

If I had been watching it at home from PHO, I would have applauded the move as something straight out of an action-movie. I wasn't at home. And as his momentum starts to transfer into his opening attack, I realise that I don't have a chance of dodging both his initial kick rising towards me and then his landing immediately afterwards. I let out a snarl of frustration as his boot lashes out at my chest a split-second from brushing against my shirt-

Death.

-and then passing harmlessly through the wispy cloud of smoke I explode into. He lands awkwardly on the stair, nursing his arm but already rising to chase my fleeing shadow. If going down the stairs isn't going to buy me some distance, then perhaps going up them will. The thought does occur that perhaps entering the stairway wasn't the optimal choice – but I wasn't exactly overflowing with options at the time. Perhaps on the next attempt, I would have better luck diving past him and rushing through some closed door – I could at least hold it closed against him while I planned out something better.

I dash up the stairs two at a time, with Clockblocker dangerously hot on my heels. A barely visible shimmer in the air causes me to lurch to the side, narrowly avoiding a razor-thin string that had clearly been left behind on his way down. When did he even find the time? I charge forwards again, seeking to gain a few more inches of distance before the Ward caught up with me. Somehow, I manage to last the two flights of stairs that it takes before my shadow-state returns without being tagged. I immediately use it to pass through the closest exit out of the stairwell without opening the heavy door – then sprinting across to the far side of the room towards the window overlooking the Bay.

I hear the door being shoved open behind me, but it's a heavy door that kills his momentum entirely. I had plenty of time. It would take Clockblocker more than a few seconds to cross the room into melee range-

As if to punish the thought, I feel something wrapping around my leg. I turn my head to see Clockblocker with one arm extended – a lengthy line of cord projected from his glove to my leg. I swear crassly as my leg locks up as if I had just run into a wall made of barbed wire – except that even barbed wire would have some give in it before it slowed you to nothing. I let out a choked scream as the wire slices into my leg as my velocity is cut to zero instantly. Even ignoring my now-lacerated thigh, I'm positive that I just broke my leg. I can't even fall properly with my leg locked at such an awkward angle. Even after I manage to get my other leg to support my weight, I'm still forced to hold my broken and bleeding one in position to prevent it from opening up even more wounds for me to bleed from.

I mentally paw at Shadow Stalker's cooldown-gated power in increasing desperation as Clockblocker sprints across the room. Any moment now. Any moment- Now! I barely dodge Clockblocker's touch – but now that I know that he can catch me over open ground with his cord, I need to gain distance in another way. A risky way. I phase through the floor.

Or at least, I try to. A split-second later I rebound out of it, lightning coursing through my body as what feels like a hundred tasers apply themselves to every part of my body simultaneously. I deliriously try to push myself up and lurch into a backwards dodge, keenly aware of the white costume in the corner of my vision reaching out to touch m-

-e. I feel gravity take a grip on me as the room seems to teleport, my feet light up in pain a split second before the rest of my body sends the same signal. Suddenly more aware, I take a moment to take in my surroundings through the pain to try and work out what happened.

He touched me. Froze me in time, and then… what? I glance downwards to try and analyse the screaming signals of pain from the rest of my body, almost immediately halted by a dangerously thin wire by my chin that threatens to draw blood. It isn't the only one, around every limb multiple wires have been strapped around me – and the buzzing coming from the large one around my waist tells me that he's recognised Shadow Stalker's power and its weakness. I'm still at the awkward angle of my failed dodge, only held upwards in the air by a multitude of crisscrossing wires digging harshly into my back and my other suspended limbs. Instead of overtly moving, I slide my eyes down instead.

Glints in the air draw my attention, different to the near-invisible strings – small, indistinct objects floating like grains of sand in between the spiders-web of lethal lines. I can't move my arm – but I brush one of my fingers up against them, which promptly comes away slick with blood. Shredded paper. Tiny bits of it that would cut me to ribbons if I tried to pass through it – at least, whatever bits of me that weren't already cut to ribbons by the wire. With how minuscule some of these pieces were – I wouldn't be surprised if running into one would cause it to pierce through me like a tiny spear or a bullet.

I feel a tug from behind, yanking me backwards against the razor-thin wires and eliciting a fresh scream from my throat. I ignore the new wounds that the movement causes me. What pulled me? Another cord? No. Something thicker and sturdier.

I can't use my shadow-state here without running into the electrical wires wrapped firmly around my chest. If I could look down or move properly, I might be able to cut those wires using the frozen ones – but even the slightest movement threatened to slice me up even more. The only reason I had stopped falling was that the objects below my feet and back had penetrated to my bones with the help of gravity, and then mercifully stopped there – supporting my entire body weight while lodged inside me.

Another light tug draws my attention. Seeing as I don't see any way to get out of this on my own, I might as well see what Clockblocker's plan is from here. I jerk my head to the side in a fast, decisive movement. My mouth floods with the taste of copper as my cheek is sliced open. Unfortunately, I can't even consider moving any further for fear of yet another wire directly in front of my eye. I try to ignore the unmoving, miniature blade of paper pressing against my tongue as I take in as much info as I can.

My movement is just in time to see Clockblocker emerge from the elevator as it attempts to close behind him, the shadow of something large being left behind as the door closes. I don't realise the plan until the strings of cord leading into the elevator snap taught as the elevator starts to move and the pulling sensation on my limbs resumes, this time at a strength a full order of magnitude greater.

I'm not sure when I start to scream. When Shadow Stalker's power activates and instantly fails, sending an ungodly amount of electricity into my twitching body? When the full weight of the elevator and its contents forces my body through a literal blender, puncturing dozens of tiny holes through my torso and slicing my skin to ribbons? When I hit the ground, still being dragged backwards – and look up to see that I've left well over a full half of my body behind on the spider's web of wire, flesh and blood?

The elevator only stops when my head meets the closed doors and refuses to go further. If I still had lungs, or a functional neck, or any coherent thought other than pain – I would have said some lame pun or joke at my current situation. But as it is, it's all I can do to pray for my all-too-slow death to come a bit faster.

Clockblocker doesn't make a move towards me. He doesn't need to – I'm already dying. As far as he is concerned, the only chance he has to lose is if I nail him with a surprise attack at the last second – I don't have anything like that, but he's prepared for the possibility. It's a very un-Clockblocker thing to do. The method of attack. The lack of banter. The practically torturous process of execution.

And I'm absolutely positive that it's because of the new modifier. This Clockblocker will stop at nothing to kill me, using his powers in a way he would usually never even consider. In every other event so far people have fought much like I would expect them to. Taylor didn't kill everyone within her range indiscriminately, only attacking me when she detected it was specifically me. Shadow Stalker still acted like a student that was concerned about her secret identity when she was at school. Glory Girl went straight to her usual punching instead of waiting outside to throw a car at me or something. A normal Clockblocker would have frozen me and let me wake up inside containment foam, after which I may or may not have been killed immediately – but the point was that his fighting style would have been normal, if perhaps more lethal for me than most people.

I was reminded of a speculation post that I once made on PHO. Clockblocker on an aeroplane. He freezes the guy next to him, and suddenly everyone behind him gets struck by an effective missile travelling at 500 miles an hour which destroys the plane and kills everyone on it. Everyone had ridiculed the idea because Clockblocker is a nice Ward and wouldn't do that. But the idea behind it was sound – and that was the type of Clockblocker I was looking at here. One who would do literally anything in his power to win.

A true Deathbattle modifier.

Bloodlust.

FAILURE​

I draw in a deep breath the moment I finally die, filling my lungs with more air than I actually need thanks to the instant reset of my body. I've never quite gotten used to that sensation, especially in my more grisly deaths. The one's where I'm knocked unconscious somehow, or take a knife wound that kills in seconds, or where I just instantly die – those are my favourite deaths.

The fact that I could spend my last moments counting the body parts that were pulled in different directions across the wires was something that I hadn't particularly enjoyed. Although, I was admittedly thankful that after my head and upper torso detached from the rest of my body, I just lost all sense of pain from below my neck. An itchy feeling of loss was infinitely preferable to feeling everything from the parts of my body fortunate enough to still be attached. That wasn't to say that the chunk of my skull missing or the two separate holes through my throat weren't painful, but it could have been worse – I could have been feeling the absence of the organs I was trying to name on the debris I left behind me.

I say it could have been worse, but not much worse. That was vicious. Easily top three in my Most Painful Deaths list. Maybe even higher. Only a few short days later, being devoured inside out by a biblical plague of bugs already has stiff competition!

Hint: Rock. Paper. Scissors. Some powersets make it far easier to trump others, consider your enemies weaknesses – and consider going after their counter first!​

"Just get a blaster power." I sneer at the hint. Apparently, that last useful one was a fluke. "It's so easy. It's so obvious. Just get one!" And of course, a less supernatural option was forbidden to me thanks to my powers insistence on outfitting me without any equipment of my own. Not to mention the unnatural string of events that tended to plague me every time that I put an earnest effort into acquiring a gun in these challenges. "Just win the lottery!" I clamp down on my complaints as reality starts to reassert itself.

"Sorry, just going to squeeze past young man…" I absently sidestep as someone brushes past me. I shudder as colour settles back into my vision. I focus on Clockblocker and the timer next to him. Three hours between each attempt. Longer than most for the first round, but the event should last for just over four hours – assuming everyone stayed to the end, I could get two attempts for everyone without any trouble.

Hopefully, not everyone would be as brutal as Clockblocker. I didn't even mind the violence as much now that it was behind me, but the worst part is that I still didn't have a plan to beat him. He's faster than me, can catch me from range if he has line-of-sight, is deadly at melee, can lay traps, has a near-perfect physical defence, has the home-turf advantage which also helps nullify one of my own powers and also has a completely sealed costume that neutralises two of my others.

I can't beat him right now. In an ideal world, I would beat someone else present at this event and then come back for him – but I had no guarantee that those people would be any easier, or even that they would give me a power good enough to win with.

I continue down the corridor towards the main event. My targets are easily visible on arrival, which makes sense considering this entire event is about them being visible and trying to show everyone how heroic and accessible to the public they were.

Best to tick everybody on my list off at once. My gaze settles on the distant, unapproachable-looking form of Armsmaster first – standing apart from the crowd, just far enough inside a restricted area to dissuade his fans while still being involved with the ongoing proceedings. I highly doubted that I would beat Armsmaster straight off the bat, and I didn't really need his power right now anyway. I couldn't take tinkertech into a challenge with me, and the soft-enrage that every challenge seemed to have put an artificial timer on any potential tinkering inside the simulation.

ARMSMASTER

Hero 1/6

(PREP) (CONT)​

PREP was new, but I assumed it was self-explanatory. CONT was unfortunate, but the only power I had that would possibly help was Shadow Stalker's – as long as I didn't use that, then there wasn't much downside to gathering information. "Challenge."

I shift my weight from one leg to the other as the world loads. A distant droning fills my ears as the street materialises around me. The ArmsCycle. No real point in running. He drifts to a stop and dismounts in the same move – I sidestep before I even see the attack coming, just in time to watch the dart go skittering past me. He tried that same move when I met him on Taylor's ABB challenge – clearly a well-practised part of his kit.

This wasn't a great challenge for me. Armsmaster starts in his standard blue power armour, usual armaments and only gives a little time to prepare before he engages. Far from the ideal challenge for me, but pretty much all within expectations. The best I could really do was die here without showing any of my powers.

I absently duck under the first swing of his halberd, only to stagger as it folds itself in half to impale me from above. I hear something in the weapon make a brief 'click', and I feel a brief but agonising moment of pain as electricity floods through my body – lasting only for the quickest of movements before my vision goes black.

FAILURE

Hint: The Preparation (PREP) modifier gives the enemy a significant amount of time to prepare to fight you prior to your arrival in the challenge. Some enemies might choose to prepare countermeasures for your powers, adjust their costume, lay some traps, fortify their defences or even just get a headstart running away! This modifier also provides enemies with a basic summary of your current powerset.
​
I swear under my breath. So he already knows about my powers. Lovely. I wasn't going to beat this any time soon. Not that I expected to before. This was probably my fastest failure yet, but Armsmaster wasn't really a priority compared to my main targets: The Wards.

I glance around. I would tick Triumph off as well, but I couldn't actually see him around at the moment.

I pace around the hall, making a good show of being a typical awestruck fanboy for the benefit of the cameras. Not that it was hard. I was a hardcore cape fanboy. Which meant that I knew it was very likely that someone was watching people in the convention looking for signs of suspicious things going on. Some lackey in an office with nothing better to do. It wouldn't take much to fool anyone who wasn't a thinker – attempting a challenge had almost no tells aside from a single, muffled word from me. Even if I succeeded, the effects of winning once were almost always minimal to the wider world – and my power tended to cover its tracks fairly well in the cases where it wasn't so minimal.

I join the primarily female crowd gathered around Gallant, signing off on autographs while trying to maintain a safe distance from the fans. I narrow my eyes at him. I didn't have much use for a tinker, let alone one who had so little to show off after such a long time in the wards. Anyone could make a powersuit. I was pretty sure that Squealer was a better tinker than him.

Still. A power is a power. It might synchronise well with something else later on.

GALLANT

Hero 1/4

(ZONE)
​
"Challenge." Just a ZONE modifier. Narrowing down the area that I could fight in. Nothing too serious.

I close my eyes for a moment, and reopen them to find myself in very familiar surroundings. Right back at the entrance to this very building. A glance through the glass in the door shows me that it is, in fact, this specific event that's been chosen for the venue this time. The same fanboys and fangirls are wandering around. A few PRT troopers are lazing around by the doors. One or two other heroes being drowned by the mob and heading backstage for some rest.

And then Gallant himself, centre-stage. Still signing autographs.

First things first. The ZONE modifier. How far did it extend this time? A quick glance behind me told me that the entrance to the building was the limit on this side. Looking through the doors – I couldn't see anything past the windows on the far side of the room, which I felt made it a good assumption that there would also be another wall there. Just this building then. Workable.

I didn't really have a good weapon to hand, and I don't expect to find one either. If I enter the hall, I'm likely to kick off the fight immediately – so I opt to back out instead and investigate the other doors in the corridor. I ignore the two toilets, but do try what I hope is a supply closet. It's locked, but slipping into my shadow state is more than enough to bypass it. I flick the light on and inspect the rows of cleaning equipment and stacked chairs. I didn't see anything that usable as a weapon here. A baseball bat, or a pipe, or something like that would be really nice.

In the end, I just grab the meatiest, heaviest, metal chair that I can hold above my head. I highly doubt it will be that effective against power armour, but it will probably be better than trying to punch him.

I pause as I drag the chair by Clockblocker. This was primarily information gathering, so it wouldn't do any harm to find out what level of realism and interference I could expect from Gallant's allies. "Hey!" I attract his attention. "I'm going to go and kill your friend!"

He shoots finger guns at me. "Good luck with that!"

I pause. He might be joking. He might not. That wasn't the best test. "I have superpowers, and I'm going to kill Gallant with them!" I shift into the shadow state and back directly in front of him.

"Nice!" He doesn't even blink. "Have you considered joining the Wards?"

Not very realistic then – and not that likely to be his allies in a fight. That makes it easier for me, but it still isn't looking great for my chances. Once again, the costume was working against me here. I wasn't getting any skin contact against that heavy armour, or getting any serious attack through the plating.

Whatever. Even if it's a failure, there's nowhere else for me to look for something better. Hoping for a concussion by hitting him with a heavy chair is a better bet than trying to needle him with a kitchen knife through power-armour. The only thing that might work is stealing Armsmaster's halberd, but that alone would probably be tougher than beating Gallant in a fistfight – no matter how unrealistic their personalities were, I didn't doubt that taking overt action against the NPC's would set them to violence.

I heft the chair up to my chest in a loose, two-handed carry. It is heavy – one of the large ones with the solid metal frames, not some cheap and flimsy plastic crap that they put out at school assemblies. Shifting through the wall of the supply cabinet straight towards the hall lets me enter through his blind spot, preventing him from immediately starting a fight.

I hold my position and wait for Shadow Stalker's power to come back. This way, I could move freely for a second without a single footstep sounding. Overly precautious? Perhaps. But everything depended on my first attack here. I advance another few steps once the power returns, then halt again. When I'm watching and waiting for the target like this, it's clear the difference that the lack of WLRD or REAL modifiers makes to his behaviour. He's acting exactly like a background NPC – being handed the same picture to sign by the same few girls, over and over. The crowd doesn't move, and therefore he has no reason to turn as he repeats his exact motions until I do something to change that. Nor does the crowd react to my blatant show of aggression and supernatural ability. I shift again, and creep a bit closer before stopping once more to wait for the cooldown to return.

It takes another three shifts, but finally, I emerge out of the shadow state only two paces behind him – the heavy, folded chair already in full swing as I bring it down onto the Ward's armoured helmet. He reels away and staggers to the floor, I follow up again – hoping to continue landing hits to prevent him from planning out a response to the sudden assault in the middle of his autographing session.

I make another solid impact as he looks up, but at the same time a solid orb of light blasts from one upraised hand to blast me dead-centre – sending me stumbling back into the crowd I just came through.

I don't stand up. What's the point? It would be faster for everyone involved if I had just killed myself right at the start of this challenge. I can hear Gallant staggering to his feet, but there's just no point pressing the advantage. I never stood a chance anyway. Might as well just wait for someone to get over here and kill me.

After what seems like a full minute, I shake my head. Wait. What? That's not what I'm here for at all. That isn't the mind of Greg Veder, superhero-extraordinaire! "Emotion blasts." I spit, struggling to my feet. I've never experienced them before, so I had underestimated the emotional component of his blasts over the purely physical impacts that they had. Just like Glory Girl's aura – something that sounds weak on paper, but is on a whole different level when you face it head-on.

The target has escaped the area. All enemies enraged.​

Escaped? I vaguely remember a hint saying that enemies could sometimes escape ZONE modifiers, but I wasn't expecting it to come up unless I was assaulting someone's base and they had a secret teleporter or something. I wasn't expecting him to just… run out. I glance around at a suddenly hostile arena. A dozen angry fangirls surround me, I lash out at them to get them to fall back for a moment – only to find myself put into an expert armlock in seconds by the unassuming girl closest to me. My arm makes a painful crack as the rest of the girls draw closer to finish me off, shouts of rage only drowned out by my own pained scream – only to melt away as I catch a glimpse of Armsmasters Halberd disintegrating half of someone's torso as it completes its journey from his hand to my skull regardless of anything or anyone in between.

FAILURE​

Instant kill. Excellent throw, Halbeard. I had to respect that.

Hint: In certain ZONE missions, enemies can escape the boundaries of the local area to enrage all remaining NPC's and give them powerful modifiers. The target can still be defeated after escaping, however you will never be able to pass the boundary for any amount of time. Enemies of increasing difficulty will spawn until the encounter ends.​

So, he can just walk out. If I had a blaster power, or poison, or something else that could kill him while I was stuck inside – then I could still be in with a chance at that stage. As I am now, escaping is just the functional end of the challenge as I have no way of finishing him off.

That makes me zero for three so far. In fairness, I had expected that to be the case. Beating a cape's challenge on the very first try was hard – even with the benefit of perfect information and repeated attempts, I had struggled to claim the relatively minor powers I had gained so far. My ability to gain powers would eventually grow exponentially, but that didn't make the initial curve any easier.

I move on to the next gathering of people and immediately groan in disappointment. Shadow Stalker. I had hoped that she wouldn't be one of the four Wards in attendance, but luck apparently wasn't on my side today.

Her current challenge had the CONT modifier, an irritating modifier that let her remember all of my past attempts and tricks – making it actively detrimental for me to beat my head against the wall trying to find a trick to beat her. I would have to leave her for now, come back when I had a trump card up my sleeve. If I revealed that I knew her weakness was electricity by running at her with a taser, she would never let me close the gap ever again. I needed a trick that would outright win – or at least one that she couldn't compensate for.

I continue onwards to the fourth and final Ward, lost among the crowd of fans. I hadn't spotted Triumph yet – though he and Armsmaster might have been rotating their watches. I might see him later. This time, there's no sense of disappointment as I catch a glimpse of the Ward between one overweight fan and the next. One of my primary targets: Vista.

Vista

Heroine 1/6

(WRLD)
​
WRLD was a simple modifier to work with. Typically more realistic NPC's and a much wider battlefield. That played to her strengths, but still left her with plenty of weaknesses to exploit.

No point standing around and waiting for something to happen. Let's have a look at what I'm up against. "Challenge."

This time the loading is almost instantaneous, my surroundings zooming past for a wide tour of the Brockton Bay skyline. My body feels completely weightless and I can't seem to move a muscle while the surroundings pass by.

Without any input on my part, I zoom in to a distant rooftop – where two tiny figures slowly resolve into the unmistakable forms of Vista and Shadow Stalker.

"-n't care what your schedule says. You know that nothing ever happens in that part of the town. I'm going to go and smack some merchants while you go and play in your sandbox like the good little girl you are." Shadow Stalker's voice stands out above the noises of the city.

"You could have complained about the schedule when it was made. There's no point taking it out on me!" Vista's fists bunch up at her sides before she relaxes and turns away pointedly. "Besides, you're already on thin ice with the director – another incident and they'll have you doing console duty for a month."

"Only if someone happens to tell on me." Shadow Stalker counters. "If you have any guts at all, you'll follow me. If not, talking to you is a waste of time." She hops off of the rooftop without another word.

"As if anyone would stick their neck out for you." Vista mutters, moving one hand to the side of her helmet. "Console. This is Vista, Shadow Stalker has deviated from our route… again." She nods at the air. "Yes. Yes. Uh, looks like she's heading towards Merchant territory. I'll continue onto the Boardwalk alone." She shakes her head with a sigh, clearly done with the conversation. "So much for our new teammate…" She takes a quick step that sends her straight to the edge of the rooftop, then drops the equivalent of three flights of stairs in a delicate hop almost exactly like how I jump off the last two steps to the landing back home.

My viewpoint shifts again, blurring my surroundings and dragging me across the city – until I suddenly find myself back in my own body, which had apparently been standing in place while that introduction had gone on. Even my power had unskippable cutscenes these days. What was the world coming to?

That wasn't to say that the introduction to the challenge was useless. I knew what to expect now. Vista was on patrol, thankfully on her own thanks to Shadow Stalker's rebellious streak. This must have been a few months ago at least if she was still considered as a new teammate.

I begin to stroll towards the Boardwalk – making sure to stick to the sides of the street in the hope that I would blend into the crowd better. I had little doubt that Vista would aggro instantly if she spotted me – but I felt that without the REAL modifier she wouldn't even consider phoning for reinforcements herself. The heightened aggression of most targets seemed to default to overt aggression even if it wasn't the smartest choice. If they realised that they were outmatched, then they might try to change tactics – but I was confident that she wouldn't try to run from the outset.

Even without full knowledge of her exact route, it was easy enough for me to get into a likely position. Any patrol through the Boardwalk had to pass through the busy square at it's centre, and that square was easily large enough to hide me in the crowd and let me scout for the highly visible costume of Brockton Bay's youngest Ward.

I don't have to wait long. She arrives alone, as expected, and her appearance causes a minor stir in the nearby NPC's. Nothing serious, just a small crowd following after her taking pictures or requesting an autograph. Unlike the real Vista, she doesn't seem inclined to stop and chat. Between one step and the next she manages to warp herself a few dozen metres from her admirers – who make no attempt to catch up to her again.

I lightly jog along the side of the square, watching her choice of route for later reference. My initial hope that she would wander down some dark alleyway seemed to be dashed, she moved from one busy street to the next – in an obvious arc that would eventually form a complete circle back to where she had started.

Which meant that I needed to attack her out in the open. I wasn't perfectly prepared for this, I had rushed straight over here and hadn't had the time to find myself a weapon. I wasn't sure how armoured Vista's costume was, but I was willing to bet that it was more resistant to a knife than you might expect.

That said, I did have one clear advantage. I may not be a muscle-freak, but I was definitely a lot stronger than a girl who was at least two or three years younger than me. Maybe even more – it wasn't like they published the Wards birthdays to the public. The point was, if I managed to get her into a grapple – she shouldn't be able to do much about it.

Which was easier said than done. If she was walking a bit closer to the sides of the street, then I could lunge out of a window or something with Shadow Stalker's power – but she's taking care to glance behind and around her, and is clearly on her guard when people walk past a little too close for comfort.

I continue to inconspicuously follow her as she heads towards the eastern side of the Boardwalk – not that far from the Bay itself. There were fewer people around here, and with any luck, I would have the time I need to pummel the little girl to death without interference.

I frown to myself. That was… a sentence. I almost sounded like a villain when I put it like that. I mean, I was kind of getting used to killing 'people' – but a little girl was admittedly a new low for me.

Well. Nothing I could do about it – I may as well just get it over with.

Seeing nobody else walking into the waterside street she's moving through, I prepare to make my move. I pick up my pace the moment after Vista glances behind her, her vision passing over me but not quite recognising me at this distance. I didn't want to sprint yet – if she heard me coming she would doubtless turn and spot me, and there was literally nothing I could do to close the gap or get away if she caught me at range. Instead, I eat up the space between us with long, quick strides – I'm a good deal taller than her, and my longer legs were putting in work to close the gap without moving at an unnatural pace.

Twenty metres. Ten. She should be turning around any second now, I shift into my shadow state and burst into a sprint – there's no appreciable difference in my top speed like this, but the absence of any footsteps makes closing the last few steps without drawing attention almost trivial. My shadow state runs out only a few steps away from the girl, but by the time she spins around to investigate I've already wrapped my arms around her in a tight bear-hug.

She starts to struggle immediately, I lose my balance almost immediately as I adjust my leg – only for it to put itself back down just a few inches to the side, a tiny effect of her power on the road around us that is just enough to make me lose my footing and send us both tumbling to the ground. Her power isn't the only way she's fighting though. This grapple isn't doing much to hold her long-term – some precise elbow jabs and kicks were only the start of what was obvious martial arts training. I guess all Wards got that, but even if I was collecting bruises all over the place – I hadn't lost my grip yet. I slam her into the hard stone of the sidewalk, the only response I get is a grunt of pain before she twists back around in my arms again to face outwards.

I repeat the motion, unable to do anything else without releasing her arms – an action likely to do more harm than good, considering the difference in combat training between us.

"Hey, is that Vista?" I blink, then turn my head slightly to stare at the civilians suddenly starting to populate the street – all of them beginning to notice the commotion we were making. There shouldn't be anyone of note around. I had explicitly checked that there was a good distance between the other people walking around the pier and us. "That is her! Get off her, you creep!" A heavy boot connects with my midsection, and I roll Vista in front of me as a makeshift shield – but more and more observers start to filter into the fight, apparently taking offence at a Ward being assaulted in front of them.

I don't put the dots together until a distant old man and his dog crosses a distance of at least a hundred metres within a few steps to appear in front of us. I belatedly cover Vista's eyes – but its far, far too late to stop her from redirecting potential reinforcements to her aid. It seemed obvious, in hindsight. Just because they were too far away to notice or care about our scuffle, didn't mean that Vista couldn't bring them closer as they walked.

A heavily built man practically rips me away from Vista and flings me across the street – I shift into my shadow state to avoid landing on my neck, an action that causes most of the crowd to hesitate in continuing the assault. Makes sense, this was an obvious cape fight now – and most people wouldn't be keen to get between us without knowing what else I could do.

Vista brushes herself off as she rises to her feet as well, before simply swinging her fist in a textbook right-hook. Even knowing her power, my instincts just aren't ready to shield myself from a punch from so far away that is 'clearly' not going to hit me. Her arm seems to stretch unnaturally through the space between us and hits me squarely in the face. I fail miserably to block it or the followup – the only mercy being that she lacks the physical strength of someone my age, which was probably the only reason I was still conscious. I rush towards her, but swiftly realise how pointless that is when I realise how little progress I'm making – in fact, I'm actually making negative progress thanks to the street in front of me stretching out into the distance.

The onlookers retreat further back, and I lunge after them – Vista's issues with the Manton limit were my only real hope here. That was one of the reasons why I had been mostly fine while I had her in a grapple, at least until her friends arrived. It's not to be though, the ground buckles beneath my feet and I find myself suddenly slipping down a slope in the road as it transforms into a steep hill within moments. As I try to regain my footing, I find myself face-to-face with Vista again – who easily outmaneuvers me and knocks my legs out from underneath me.

A boot to the face greets me once I hit the ground, I roll away from the hit – only to discover that she's shrunken the distance between us and the edge of the pier to mere inches. I can't stop my momentum when she gives me a helpful shove – and the cooldown on Shadow Stalker's power is just a moment too late for me to activate to kill my momentum and grab onto the edge.

I hit the cold waters of the Bay with a heavy splash. I was a mediocre swimmer at best, but with my baggy clothes dragging me down I didn't fancy putting my skills to the test. I needed to get to land, quickly. I paddle my way towards a ladder not too far from my location, only to see it stretch out further and further into the distance as I race towards it. I tread water for a moment, glaring up at the pier to find Vista sitting on the wall with her legs swinging back and forth over the edge – an oddly childlike gesture for someone who seemed intent on slowly drowning by keeping me away from land.

I struggle for what seems like hours, even attempting to dive underwater to break her line-of-sight – but no matter where I go, I just can't escape the trap that she's created for me out of the Bay. She's not even making any great effort to stir up the water or push me under, seemingly content to watch my struggles grow weaker and weaker – my lack of stamina coming back to bite me again. Not that having more stamina would have saved me. Vista can do this forever, and I certainly can't.

Slowly, my limbs grow heavier and heavier – muscles burning with pain so badly that I can't even muster the strength to bring them above the water. I've been accidentally swallowing more and more of the Bay's water, but as my head finally slips beneath the surface for the last time – I can't help but feel oddly peaceful. I'd heard about this, that after the initial struggle against drowning – it becomes an oddly peaceful way to go. There's none of the violent brutality of my other deaths. In fact, the sight of the last dregs of light fighting through the dark waters towards me is oddly beautiful. It almost makes the lengthy, desperate struggle to stay afloat seem pointless if it all leads to this.

FAILURE​

I slam back into awareness, breathing in heavily through suddenly-clear lungs. That was weird. Trippy. That whole sequence of introspective thought was just… not who Greg Veder was. I guess the lack of oxygen did weird things to my brain.

I scan the hint briefly, then dismiss it as it merely tells me the definition of WRLD again. Nothing useful for me to apply.

And, honestly? I didn't need a good hint. I had that in the bag – I made one, singular oversight in the process, but nothing I couldn't fix for next time. All I had to do was block her eyesight long enough for me to drag her away from the main streets. Whatever combat training she had, she hadn't been able to break free from my grip completely – the difference in strength was just too great.

I'll definitely come back to Vista first on my second and final attempt on the Wards today. I click my tongue as I muse to myself. As annoying as it was to lose one of my chances on such an elementary mistake – I had fully found my lucky break. I didn't have any good plans for the other capes I had run into – but I had a real, workable plan for Vista. All I had to do now, was wait out the timer.

So that left me with the task of finding something to do for the next few hours. I had an idea on how to kill some of that time already.

I mean, really. Clara was around here somewhere – probably in the bar area around the back, far away from where I had been seeking out the Wards. I had a few hours to kill, so I might as well start with her.

It takes a while for me to find her, hidden among the patrons of the bar. I walk up to her, as nonchalant as ever. "Hey, Clara."

She swivels in her seat, breaking off her conversation from the man next to her. "Oh hey, what's up bro?"

"I was thinking we could go take a walk somewhere, spend some time together – you know what I mean?" I give her an exaggerated wink. It's not like I could just say it out loud in a busy area like this. Someone would call the police on her.

She tilts her head to the side. "That does sound kind of fun, but I'm with my boyfriend at the moment." She bobs her head to the side, towards the Caucasian man I had previously ignored.

"Hey." The blond man waves at me. "I recognise you, we wait at the same bus stop! Never realised you were related."

I don't reply. I stare at the man opposite her as she returns to her conversation. I was already well aware that neither Clara or Alice considered me as a boyfriend or anything of the sort. It was just a… different sort of family relationship. I was perfectly fine with that. Having said that, was I really happy to just let another guy move in on Clara after I spent so much effort turning her into a non-bitch?

"Anyway, Clara." He chuckles. "He's got a good idea though. Maybe instead you'd like to go somewhere private with me? I happen to live pretty close to here. We could go to my apartment, see what happens-"

Clara lets out a huff of amusement. "Still pushing?" She inspects her drink. "It's not a terrible idea though." He perks up. "I'll think about it over my next drink."

I narrow my eyes at the man. Apparently, this relationship is still in its infancy. If I was fine with it continuing, I could just walk away. I was going to collect a harem, after all – what was one or two girls going their own way in the grand scheme of things?

KYLE BALLARD

Empire Thug 2/3

(CAGE) (FOCS)​

I grit my teeth. Of course I wasn't fine with it! The fact that he's apparently Empire only makes it worse. I was a little bit surprised that I had already beaten one of this guy's challenges. That would probably explain why he was even slightly friendly with me earlier. I suppose it was inevitable – I had been challenging people at random when I was bored for the last few days. Usually, nothing came of it, and I was loathe to proceed to later challenges without a good reason for the sake of keeping myself under the radar.

For me, this counted as a good reason. "Challenge."

I'm already striding towards him before the cage even starts to fill in around us. He's bigger than me, but that didn't mean anything of note in a fight like this. Not anymore. I catch his fist with both hands – setting Panacea's power to work as quickly as I can. I can only slowly adjust things that I'm directly touching, but it's surprisingly easy to fuck up somebody's hands with even the smallest of changes. I raise my shoulder to block his second fist from smashing into my head, and take the opportunity to swing my foot into his leg – a final blow of spite before he shakes me off, doubtless tipped off by the strange feeling in his hands that I was doing something strange.

He stares at his hand, seemingly unable to form a fist again as he lets it hang loosely at his side. I lunge at him again – this time practically leaping at his remaining arm in a full-body hold. He flops his injured arm into me, but there's no real force behind it anymore. I let him do it, knowing full well that the effort is hurting him more than it is me. And that was all this was about now. Hurting him.

With this grip, I don't have to focus my efforts at the fingers or the wrist – I can go all the way to the shoulders and elbow. Realising my intentions, he tries to belly-flop on top of me, bereft of any other options to get away from me – but slipping into my shadow state is enough to turn that last-ditch effort into a painful, self-inflicted concussion. I appear back on top of him with a satisfied smile. This was easy. Really easy. Even with such limited abilities, I simply couldn't lose to a normal, unarmed human unless they instantly knocked me out. When I was fighting against capes, it was hard to feel that progress – but the old Greg would never have beaten this guy in a single round out of a thousand.

I sit on top of him for a while, working my magic. I could have killed him at any time after his failed flop – but I was annoyed. Angry, even. Panacea's power was slow. Especially when I got away from things that were very close to the skin. Hands were easy. Elbows were easy. Shoulders were not easy. Too much muscle in the way. I did discover that I could use her power to dig deeper inside with my finger – but that was gross, and still too slow to use in a fight.

I'm not worried about the time now though. I roll him over, and he tries to spit at me – unable to do anything else with all four limbs entirely crippled with the selective application of the healer's power. I stand up for a moment, then launch a full, devastating kick into his jaw. The sound of his jaw breaking is audible, and I settle back down with a pleasant grin on my face.

"Thank you." I murmur. "I needed this to calm down." Because the next challenge would probably not have a CAGE modifier. I would have real time constraints, and anger might cause me to fail the challenge. I lock my hands around his throat. "I can't exactly tell you this out in the real world. But you can't have her. I earned her." His eyes bulge as he writhes his head uselessly, desperately trying to break my choking grip on his neck. "She's mine."

I died, multiple times – to fix my household. I didn't know how many more times I would die before I was done with Sophia and the rest, but I wouldn't let anyone else swoop in on my hard work there either. I wasn't the type to share. I could count on one hand the number of people who had even looked in my direction when I didn't have anything to offer them, and this jerk wasn't one of them.

SUCCESS

Reward: Kyle Ballard+​

That was so easy that I didn't even get to work out what FOCS did. Or maybe it just wasn't relevant to the way that I fought that time. Either way, I don't even hesitate before sizing up the man again.

KYLE BALLARD

Empire Thug 3/3

(ZONE) (GANG)​

"Challenge." Would this be the first person that I had maxed out apart from my family? I think it would be. That wasn't me intentionally avoiding other people, but I had either not wanted to rush things with the targets that I was moderately close to or the last challenges were just too hard for the ones that I didn't care about.

I glance around curiously as details fill in around me. I didn't recognise this part of town, but I didn't exactly need to be familiar with the place to recognise an Empire storehouse when I saw one. I back away from the entrance as two guards frown at me, large men with large guns – I didn't want that fight at all.

Although, that's clearly where I need to get into.

That would have been near-impossible when I was first starting out, but Shadow Stalker's power was literally built for it. The guards don't react as I disappear into a nearby alley – then use the shadow state to slide through the wall into the neighbouring building, and then slide across the gap between them to hide myself next to a large dumpster by one of the outer walls. I hold myself back from diving through the wall blindly, taking a brief test run of poking my head through the wall to check the other side before committing to it.

It's a wise decision, a patrolling thug's gaze passes right over me – clearly not making out my smoky-head amongst the shadows. I pull my head back in before my power decides which side to eject me out on for me. That was good information. A large hallway, some kind of office at the back. Lots of crates laying around all over the place and plenty of men with guns walking between them. The Empire had a lot of men, but they couldn't afford to cover everywhere with guards like this fulltime – this must be temporary storage for weapons or drugs.

Which was interesting, but not all that important right now. What mattered was finding my target and splitting his skull open before someone fills me with bullets. What I needed was a way into the building that would let me scan the rest of it freely, without immediately having to fight. If I used my shadow state to get in, I was locked out of it for long enough that being spotted would get me killed. That meant that I needed somewhere away from the regular patrols.

Which meant the office at the back needed to be my entry point. I start by pacing around the outside of the building, encountering only a single patrol coming the other way. Fortunately, I can hear them coming from a mile away – allowing me to hop behind a series of large pipes as they come, then shift to the other side as they get level with me.

From there, sliding into the office area is trivial. Neatly cut off from the rest of the warehouse, with only a single worker doing paperwork of some description instead of watching the CCTV cameras covering the rest of the building. I absently grab his head with both hands and snap his neck, then rifle through his belongings as an afterthought. I eye a pistol thoughtfully. I know how to use one of these, but my power usually seems dead-set on never allowing me to get my hands on a gun when I go looking for one.

Perhaps my luck has changed? I would find out soon enough – but either way, I've achieved my objective – Shadow Stalker's power is back off of its cooldown and I'm ready to start a fight. I yank open the door to the office, level my new pistol at the surprised guard on the other side of the door and pull the trigger – only to immediately drop the gun with a muffled swear as it practically erupts out of my hands with a misfire.

I tackle the guard without a moment's hesitation, not giving him a moment to bring his rifle to bear. I know, that if the gun I had just used was being pointed at me – it would have worked fine. It's my power at work again. It just has a stupid, archaic rule about me not using guns, and it doesn't care about how unsubtle it has to be to get that across. I don't regret trying, but it's still put me in a tight spot. Pressed up against the man as I am, I can't help but notice the bandolier of grenades across his chest – I immediately abandon the grapple to pull the pin off of one, and wrestle a second one free from the belt entirely.

I shift into my shadow state and dive backwards, slamming the door shut the moment I turn solid again – mentally counting seconds in my head. Three. Four. Fi- The shockwave reaches through the walls, sending me stumbling backwards for a moment – but not dealing any real harm. Five seconds.

I can hear shouts of alarm from the rest of the warehouse – but despite the heightened state of alert, I'm not overly concerned. I know my target was in here somewhere, I hadn't spotted him on my original glance at the cameras that my first victim was watching – but now every Empire gangster in the building was sprinting in this direction. The crowd hadn't quite advanced on the office yet, but they were inching closer to the site of the explosion. I could attribute that to most of the warehouse not knowing that it wasn't an accident of some description.

There! I spot my primary target lightly jogging towards the scene. More casual clothes than the rest of the guards, but still more armed than any civilian had the right to be. I draw the pin from the grenade as he draws closer to the office, completely oblivious to the danger of passing so close to the wall. One. Two. I shift into my shadow state, stepping through the wall to face him directly.

I give him a cheeky, ghostly grin. "Yo." I lightly toss the grenade at him. Three. "Catch." I dive back inside the office, barely getting most of my body inside before the state runs out and painfully slams me back into the office to stop me from slicing myself in two. Four. I hear a distant, terrified scream from the other side of the wall – and the wall between us disintegrates into nothing as the simulation ends, leaving me with the sight of a fountain of blood and viscera as the explosion, gangsters and warehouse all fade away in an instant.

SUCCESS

Reward: Kylie Ballard+​

I sigh to myself. Hopefully he would be willing to listen to me when I told him to back off. Then I blink, and re-read the reward text again.

What?

Reality filters back in, and instead of a half-shaven man with an attitude problem sitting opposite Clara and gesturing wildly to illustrate his story - I spot a relatively attractive young woman, leaning into the counter as she continues the tale in a seamless transition.

Kyle is now… Kylie – if the reward text is to be trusted.

That… worked. I suppose. I hadn't expected something that blatant, but it went with my growing theory that my power tailored rewards to my unconscious preference. I didn't have any problems with another girl hitting on Clara – in fact, this was a fantastic change. Assuming this would happen to any guy going forward, I would probably have to pump the brakes when it came to blindly completing challenges on everyone I met. I didn't need to permanently change the demographics of the city and attract unwanted attention to myself.

That wasn't the only thing to catch my eye though. Rather than the crossed-out icons that I saw when I looked at Clara, Kylie still had active challenges despite me completing her final round.

Empire 88

Brockton Bay Gang 1/3

(ALRT) (TIME) (HUNT) (FOCS) (CTRL) (CONT)​

The new challenge data that shimmered into view when I focused on the woman was fascinating. That was a lot of modifiers. But the implication that after clearing someone's challenges, I could face the wider organisation behind them – that was the most interesting thing. "Challenge."

"Hm, did you say something?" The pair turn towards me curiously.

"Uh." I flounder for a moment as nothing happens. "Just thinking to myself. Don't mind me." I focus on the girl again, noting a fading error briefly filling the briefing.

NOT ENOUGH INFLUENCE​

Interesting. I couldn't be entirely sure, but I strongly suspected that influence referred to the number of people I had defeated out of that faction. In this case, what amount of the Empire I had successfully challenged. Perhaps after beating the majority of the Empire individually, it would only then allow me to attack the organisation as a whole – or perhaps the important people in the Empire, the leaders and capes. That seemed reasonable – especially considering how likely it was that the challenge would be extremely high difficulty even without six separate modifiers for the first stage alone.

Kylie coughs delicately. "Something on my face?" I double-take, looking away with a cough and attempting to hide my flush. My recent experiences aside, being called out was no less embarrassing than before – and I couldn't exactly defend myself by saying that I wasn't staring at them, but at my superpower's mission briefing of my next throwdown between their gang and me.

"I think he's jealous." Clara sniggers, before swivelling in her seat to wrap her arm around the girl's shoulders. "Back off Greggie, she's mine." After a moment, she bites her lip in thought. "Unless…" She whispers something that I can't make out into her apparent girlfriend's ear.

The newly-dubbed 'Kylie' blushes furiously. "Clara! That's your brother you're talking about! You can't say things like that!"

"Only technically my brother. Both our supposed parents cheated on the other and just rolled with the children that came out of it, so you can argue that we aren't actually related at all." One hand disappears around Kylie's back as Clara's predatory grin widens. "Think of it like an experiment. You've always been a little curious – and you could do a lot worse than him out of all the guys out there. You could have me one side, my brother on the other-"

"We're in public." She hisses under her breath, doing nothing to disguise the considering expression that briefly crosses her face.

"You're right. We should take this somewhere private and out of the way. Like your apartment-" I watch, somewhat bemused as Clara teases and prods at the increasingly flustered girl.

"You can't just assume that he's interested in that kind of thing-" She begins.

"I'm interested." I supply quickly. "Very interested." It was slightly weird to consider that this was a guy before – but there was no arguing the femininity of the girl in front of me. If I was stuck thinking about everyone as they were, I wouldn't even be able to look at the rest of my family. I was a guy who lived in the present, even before I got these powers.

"Of course he's interested." Clara says dismissively. "He's a boy. All boys think with their dicks. It's the only reason he came here in the first place, right?" I wince but nod at the blunt summarisation of my motives.

"You know what? Fine. I've got nothing better to do, and saying that I had a casual threesome with a stranger is going to piss my parents off even more than dating a girl." She struts off, tugging lightly at the collar of her shirt as Clara and I give each other matching grins.

"I didn't know you were bisexual." I comment blandly as Clara tugs me along after the girl.

"You never asked." She blows a strand of hair out of her eyes. "And it didn't start out as a serious relationship – her family is actually Empire, and she was strutting around doing Empire things which ticked me off a bit. I helped her realise that she wasn't quite as straight as she thought, then somehow we hit it off afterwards." She shrugs. "Her parents found out and kicked her out of the house until she 'changes her sinful ways' – but neither of us really wanted to break it off, so here we are."

"Well. I'm not complaining." I follow her out of the room, back through the hall with the Wards and towards the exit.

My tickets to the charity event let me leave and enter as much as we liked, so popping out for a bite to eat or a brief booty call wasn't going to put a damper on any of my plans. It's only a five-minute walk down the street before we turn into an unmarked building, take a lift up three floors and then let ourselves into Kylie's apartment.

Kylie closes the door behind us and directs us into the bedroom, a light frown dusting her face as she regards us. "Strip. I want to see what I'm getting into here."

Clara's shirt hits me in the face before I can even respond. By the time I've pulled it away, my sister already has the older girl pinned on the bed with her knee grinding up against the brunette's slit. Both of them are practically ripping each other's remaining articles of clothing that hadn't quite been fully removed yet – and I wisely decide not to comment and strip down myself. I had no intention of only watching these two for the next hour or two of waiting for my challenges to reset.

Clara is the first to notice my erect cock nearing the pair, but is surprisingly beaten to it by her partner. "Mine." She flips the pair of them around, in moments planting herself firmly above Clara's face – I can't see from this angle, but there's little doubt that my sister is lapping away at the Empire girl's cunt. Ex-empire? Sympathiser? Just Nazi relatives? I didn't know anymore since her most recent change – and I wasn't going to spoil the mood by asking. Whatever she was, she was also no stranger to sucking cock – her lips closing around my dick like a vacuum.

I tilt my head back an inch and hold back the gasp as she goes straight into the blowjob. Long, powerful strokes – having no issue taking the full length of my rod straight to the back of her throat even while being distracted by the earnest efforts of my sister between her thighs. This was the life. Two beautiful young woman doing their best to please each other and me – converted by my power from quasi-enemies into eager little sluts.

And any reservations that I may have had about such abuse of my power disappeared only a few moments after she started sucking my dick. Alternating between one-handed strokes as she laps her tongue at my tip, then straight into deepthroating my cock like she was a professional. The only thing preventing me from blowing my load too early is the efforts of my sister, putting brief pauses into the assault as Kylie shudders and shakes her way through an orgasm at my sister's hands. Tongue. Whatever.

Eventually, she pulls away from my cock, lips making a wet popping noise as she releases me. "It is tempting to give this a real try myself…" She muses, passing my length from hand to hand idly. "But I'm not on the pill, and I don't trust in a little kid's endurance – no matter how much Clara raves about you." She lets go of me entirely and lowers her top half towards Clara's exposed pussy. She makes a 'come hither' gesture to me with one hand, then spreads Clara's lower lips for me as I approach that side of the bed. "So you'll have to fuck her instead."

She rests her head on one hand as I move to obey – being practically ordered by an attractive girl to fuck their girlfriend was a novel experience for me, and way more arousing than I had expected. Clara attempts to say something, but I can't hear her muffled voice – and Kylie seems to have no intention of letting up on her any time soon. After a moment of resistance, her pussy-lips part and allow my length inside drawing a long, breathy moan emerges from between Kylie's thighs, the outcry seems to light a spark in Kylie – who motions for me to continue with speedy hand-gestures.

I don't need telling twice. By now, I'm no stranger to hilting myself in either of my immediate family members – and of the two, Clara was undoubtedly my favourite. Hot and tight, yet still reactive and innocent compared to the experience of my mother. I ram myself into her core, getting the expected whimper from the older girl as she attempts to adjust to the intrusion – yet at the same time, spreading out her legs to make it even easier for me to thrust even deeper. I don't hold back for an instant, dragging myself back and slamming in again and again.

Mine. Looking into Kylie's eyes, she didn't have any problem with sharing – in fact, she's slipped a finger down to assist with Clara's tongue, touching herself to the rhythm of me filling up her partner. It doesn't take long for Clara to reach her first orgasm, writhing and twisting as much as she can while still being pinned down.

Speaking of which, I'm not far off myself. Thrusting myself in and out of the blonde's tight, wet cunt is driving me ever closer to my long-denied eruption. I had tried my best to hold myself back during Kylie's blowjob, but now that I was in full control of my speed I realised that I couldn't bring myself to even consider slowing down my relentless pace.

Kylie seems to agree. "Do it." She murmurs, eyes practically glowing with anticipation. "Cum inside her already."

Even if I had been inclined to deny her, it was too late now. The immense pressure I could feel in my dick lifts, and it's like I've set off a firework – I lodge myself deep into her core even as she bucks against me wildly, ejecting string after string of my seed in the direction of her womb. I remain locked there for what seems like a full minute, the size and strength of my climax had been notably larger than usual – apparently I was a bit backed up. My semi-erect cock slips out of my sister, leaving the way clear for Kylie to dive her face in.

I take a seat, watching the two girls eating each other out enthusiastically. It didn't seem like they were going to stop soon, which was good – I needed a moment to recover. I would be back into this fight soon enough, watching the pale beauty lapping my cum out of her partner's slit was already encouraging my cock back to full mast.

An action that wouldn't go entirely unnoticed. It isn't long before the two break apart, twist around and lock legs around each other – each one neatly scissoring the other as they both grind their mounds together, twitching and gasping as their already-sensitive slits are assaulted with sensation repeatedly.

"Greg?" Kylie asks between moans. "There's a box in the closet in the next room over. Can you grab it for me? The code for the lock is 5-8-2-3."

I was loathe to leave the scene of the two beauties pleasuring each other, but I was always a sucker for a mystery box. Reluctantly, I accede to the request – temporarily exiting the room to search for the box in question. It isn't hard to find, a somewhat weighty cube with a formidable-looking padlock on it. I spin the code into the wheels, popping off the lock and extracting yet another box from inside. Unable to contain my curiosity, I peek inside.

Sex toys. I had half-suspected as much, and it seemed a no-brainer in hindsight. A strap-on easily twice the size of my own cock, a set of vibrators, dildos of various sizes and a handful of other obscure toys that I didn't recognise. Meticulously maintained, but very clearly crammed into the most secure space in the apartment. Hiding it from any visitors, perhaps? Likely of the Empire variety? Or perhaps not, if she had already fallen out with her parents. Did I care to find out the real answer? Probably not.

"There you are." The pair greet me as I re-enter the room, dropping the box next to them on the bed. Clara rolls over and starts to rummage through it as Kylie grabs me by the arm and practically throws me onto the bed, coaxing my cock to life once again with both hands. "We'll be needing this again." She tells me, not showing any signs of concern to what Clara is doing behind her with the contents of the box.

"Go right ahead." I simply lie back and let her work for a minute, until my sister finally comes back into view from behind the girl – spinning her around for inspection. A bouncy, well-oiled butt is turned towards me, apparently lubricated in and out just moments prior. To her side, Clara comes into view – a monstrous strap-on lightly swinging from her hips.

She catches my gaze and lets her expression settle into a slightly cocky grin. "Sorry bro. Mine's bigger than yours."

I need a biotinker. I adopt a lofty expression. "It's not about the size, it's about how you use it." But the size definitely helped. Maybe Panacea could help? Even if it was healing, perhaps she could heal an injury to larger than it had been before? Was I seriously considering mutilating myself for the sake of my ego? Yes. Yes I was.

"Stop comparing dicks and put them to use already." Kylie grumbles, still awkwardly postured in a straddling position just above me. I reach forward, still mostly lying dow, and spread her asscheeks to the side – from her position I could tell that her preference for me to stay out of her pussy was still in effect. From here, my only real target was her pristine asshole. She lowers herself slowly as I line the two of us up – coming to a stop when my cock presses against her tightest hole and meets resistance.

Even lubed up as she was, it's a tight fit for me – and I have to hold my cock steady to ease it in, every millimetre that I gain by easing myself in extracts an equal gasp of mixed pain and pleasure from the girl. An inch or two later, once she's been stretched out enough to handle my girth, she takes over – sliding down my full length in a steady but unrelenting fashion, emitting a long, drawn out sigh as she goes. Finally, both of her asscheeks come to rest against my upper thighs – a tense but happy expression on her face as she leans back, falling back onto me to give Clara an angle to fill her from the front.

Clara has no such trouble on the opposite end, she uses both her hands to hike Kylie's legs to either side – lines herself up and plunges in. I can immediately feel the hint of movement myself as the fake cock stirs up her insides only a few inches away from my own. Sandwiching her as we are, we match each other's gazes and give each other a nod. I grab a pair of handholds on her ass, while Clara maintains her hold on her legs – it's a bit much at the moment for me to outright bounce her up and down my cock alone, but thanks to the angle it's no trouble at all to go for a diagonal forward-and-back motion instead.

For the first few strokes I try and keep time with my sister – but it ends up being far easier to alternate our thrusts. I shove myself into her ass in one moment, just as she slides her fake-cock most of the way out of her pussy on the other end. An instant later I slip out, just in time for Clara's bitch-breaker to fill her up once again. After only a few short minutes of work, the effect on our victim is marked, the somewhat-bossy, authoritative girl is gone now – leaving behind only a twitching, mewling wreck of desperation and lust. She's clearly sensitive, and with most of my body touching hers – I can physically feel the orgasm that shakes her to the core as we play her body like an instrument.

An indistinct mumble that was probably supposed to be "more" tumbles from her lips, a request that both of us are all too pleased to oblige. We continue to plunge into her depths with increasing force, her entire body bouncing and jiggling with every fresh impact. I shift my grip on her ass to her upper thighs, giving me better leverage to manipulate her body and get the perfect angle to slam myself up the hilt in her bubbly rear.

I can feel Kylie losing her energy, unable to maintain her composure thanks to the dual-dicking she was receiving. That meant it was time for me to finish as well. I wasn't far off from my second climax of the day already – the sheer tightness of her ass and some respectable self-control by me were doing wonders at keeping me close to the edge for an extended period of time. I relinquish that self-control, and almost immediately blow my load deep into her plush behind – one blast immediately following the other – but not even a single droplet escapes the airtight seal that my cock has made.

I leave myself lodged inside as Clara matches me, sliding fully into her core and practically falling on top of the woman – drawing her into a deep kiss as the pair of us sandwich the ravaged, insensate girl. For a time, the three of us are near-motionless – the only feeling of movement being the slow deflation of my cock, triggering a steady leak of seed from Kylie's abused asshole down onto the bed.

Clara pulls away with a pleased, content expression. "I definitely needed that. That kind of convention-thing just isn't for me, you know?"

Kylie and I split apart. "I needed the break myself – though I have to head back there towards the end." I tilt my head to the side, regarding the still-panting form of Clara's new girlfriend. "Although, that isn't going to be for another hour or two yet, I think I'll go have a shower and come back."

I get a wordless symbol of affirmation in response. Time for me to go freshen up, perhaps steal something out of the fridge and then come right back for round three. All those evenings spent jerking off to anime multiple times in a row weren't wasted! It was all training for this moment!

Maybe that was pushing it. I don't bother to close the door behind me as I head off to the likely direction of the bathroom. I still had some more time to kill – and I knew exactly who I was going to spend it with.



Retracing my steps back to the event was easy enough, and simply waving my pass at the doorman was enough to squeeze by after walking through their scanner. No queues to get in this time – which made sense seeing as there was all of about thirty minutes left until the closing speech. I'm practically roaring with murderous anticipation as I enter the building. I'm absolutely positive that I'm going to get at least one win this time.

I make my way back through the hall, passing by Gallant who gives me a funny look as I pass, he had evidently been assigned as the new Ward greeting new arrivals. I ignore Clockblocker, Shadow Stalker and Triumph – instead proceeding straight to my target of choice. Vista. The one challenge that I was almost sure that I could beat without any further powerups.

"Challenge." I was pumped for this. I allow the introduction cutscene to play out, mentally mapping out my plan as I go. I didn't have much time before Vista reached the square, getting there late might either mean missing her entirely or being spotted as I arrive. Sticking to my previous route was best.

This time around, I needed to make only two alterations to my approach. Firstly, I needed to block her vision. That was the easy part. I could just keep an eye out for a store or something en-route, a bucket would do. Or a coat bundled over her helmet, a pillowcase, a map – literally anything that I could cover her visor with for a brief moment to slow her efforts at gathering civilians towards her. I don't think she needed sight to actually use her power, but if she didn't know how exactly to apply it to drag reinforcements towards her then her flailing would amount to nothing – especially with me grappling her in close range to weaken her power.

The second change was related to the first – moving her somewhere easier to kill, away from reinforcements. That helmet and costume was tougher than I had anticipated the first time around – even after slamming it into the curb the visor hadn't broken despite dazing its occupant. It would take time for me to put the youngest Ward down, and people were bound to come running even if I could stop them from arriving as fast as last time. I just needed to drag her out of the way where we wouldn't be interrupted – I was confident that in the long run, I would win out in an extended struggle even if only because of my superior build and stamina.

And I already had just the plan for where to drag her off to. The first step was retracing my steps back to the square where I had first spotted the young heroine, once more sticking to the crowded edges where she wasn't likely to be able to spot me among the crowd. It doesn't take long for her to show up, following her previous route in exactly the same fashion as last time. I let her slip out of sight around a corner, then duck into a nearby clothing store to grab a heavy, black hoodie – diving out of the window in my shadow state to avoid setting off the actual alarm. People were still concerned of course, but there weren't any loud, blaring noises that might cause Vista to divert from her path.

I angle through an alleyway, the few people who had seen my supernatural display sensibly veering out of my path. I already knew roughly where Vista should be, and I wanted to catch up to her right where I had fought her last time – in the stretch of the long walk just north of here, along the edge of the Bay, not too far from the main area of the docks. Not many people in the immediate area, and I had already proven my ability to close the distance to close-quarters without any issue last time.

I lurk in the shadows, watching as she passes by the alleyway without so much as a sideways glance. I let her walk on for a moment, before starting to walk just behind a small family heading in the same direction. A few minutes later, the familiar and near-abandoned stretch of the path comes into view – and the family that I was hiding behind turns off towards a local restaurant. I follow them for a moment, watching in the corner of my eye for Vista to glance backwards – and only then do I turn back towards my prey. The same quick steps as last time, not quite running – but eating up the distance nevertheless.

I repeat the shadow-state trick to hide the footsteps of my final burst into a sprint – except this time my initial attack isn't to grapple her immediately, but to cover her helmet with as much of the dark hoodie as I can – then abandoning my grip on it to hold her arms to the sides of her body as I heave her to the side. The hoodie isn't on perfectly, but with the shape of her helmet she can't just shake it off easily – so it will do for a few seconds.

And a few seconds is all that I need, I continue to drag her sideways – now much wiser to the minor tremors, dips and rises being placed in the road as she struggles. It's nothing compared to her usual feats – and as long as I keep close and abuse the Manton limit, it will stay that way. I don't fall over this time, and she hasn't realised my intentions yet – not fully focused on preventing me from dragging her as opposed to raining down every punishing blue she can with what freedom she has in her arms and legs. I'm going to bruise for months, but that doesn't matter now – the hoodie comes loose from her helmet just in time for her to see me hurl us both over the edge of the pier and into the icy water below.

It was harder to dish out punishing hits when you were being slowed by the water – especially in clothes or costumes like we were. But I wasn't looking to beat her unconscious, unless that costume came with an air-tank then she needed to breathe just as much as I did. More, even – considering that I had taken as deep a breath as I could just moments before landing. So all I had to do was drag her down until she drowned.

I watched a documentary about lifeguarding once. There was a scene there that showed how dangerous simply swimming out to a drowning person is. A drowning person will panic, latching onto anything they can and shoving them down to try and get air. Even a strong swimmer will struggle to stay afloat under such circumstances – easily turning a single victim into two. That was the kind of power that a drowning person could have accidentally – but I had the power of a decent swimming background and sheer malice on my side. I could do far better than any desperate victim. I wrap Vista into a giant bear-hug, and twist my body to push her down – away from the surface.

She struggles, but she just doesn't have the strength to do anything to stop me. I didn't need to rise to the surface as much as she did, if I could just ensure that she was stuck down here then I would win. I push us both further down, then frown as I feel her hand twisting around and then moving under my shirt. Something spherical and solid presses against my skin as her hand withdraws, and my blood immediately runs cold. Grenade.

She slips and twists from my grasp, making a mad dash around me and then to the surface as I try and shake the object clear. I feel it click, then feel a soft, muted impact as it comes apart – immediately followed by a rush of thickening foam covering every inch of my body. Containment foam. Of course. Why did I think Vista had a real grenade? Too much time beating on the gang members who take the same bus as me must have warped my instincts.

Containment foam was useless against me. I slip into my shadow state and exit through the top of the sphere, easily catching Vista by the leg as she tries to climb all the way back to the surface. She looks down in horror at me as I yank her back down into the dark, she hadn't quite been fast enough with using her power to get away from me – evidently thinking herself safe with her little grenade trick. There weren't any more tricks coming. She was out of breath, and out of options. I could feel it in her struggles, now turning into little more than weak shrugs and a limp push against my chest. Her helmet falls away, and I see her real face for the first time – oddly clear even through the gloom of the bay water.

Young. Too young. I look away, easing up slightly on my efforts to push her down. This was easier when the helmet was on. This wasn't quite the most fucked up thing that I had done for the sake of my power, but it was pretty close. I had done worse – but it hadn't quite felt so personal before. I suppose it was probably the moral element coming into play. I could argue around whether or not it was the right thing to do, killing all these fake people – but it was somehow harder when one of those fake people was a literal child with eyes full of terror and desperation. The fact that she would have killed me happily doesn't do much to make me feel like a better person.

Because at the end of the day? I chose this. I could have walked away. Even now, when it wasn't needed anymore – I was still holding her head down deeper into the water. Actions matter more than words, and my actions were saying that I didn't care how fucked up these challenges got as long as they made me stronger. And I think I'm okay with that. It's probably the attitude of a bad person. But the ends do justify the means – I could unite the gangs of Brockton Bay under my leadership, smash the Endbringers and do a dozen other indisputably good things, and one day, the scales would be balanced.

And I would have an awesome harem, so there's that too.

I blink. Come to think of it, I recognise this introspective Greg. This happened last time I was drowning too. The oddly peaceful last moments as you have nothing to do but think. I glance over to Vista, blonde hair trailling above her as she sinks into the Bay without any further assistance – an absent, dreamy expression on her face. I'm almost jealous. That last part of drowning is the best bit.

I think… I might join her. My limbs are too heavy to push me back to the surface, and I can feel my lungs starting to fill up with water already. Slowly, I let myself drift down to the bottom of the Bay with my victim.

SUCCESS

Reward: Space Warping (1)
​
I shudder back to wakefulness. Finally. A win. This evening wasn't entirely wasted. Well, it wasn't wasted entirely anyway – I found out that my Waifu-ifier powerset also works on guys if I want it to. That's something. I guess I won't have to kick all the guys out of Brockton Bay after I take over with my harem-to-be. Not that I was going to go quite that far, but what was the point having a power like mine and then not forming an all-female superhero harem as my team?

I very carefully don't use my new power – well aware that I'm rapidly fading back into reality where there are probably a few onlookers who might catch me suddenly warping across the room. Let's use it on the next challenge.

And I had options on that front. Vista's powerset might help against Clockblocker but probably not much against Gallant or Shadow Stalker. Triumph was here now as well – apparently replacing Armsmaster as the local adult hero. Or I could just head straight into Vista's next challenge and see what is waiting for me the next time I run into her.

I absently crack my knuckles, then head back into the fray.

AN: This is 33 entire pages on Word. 16k words. Absolute nightmare fuel for me to edit. I didn't even finish the spell-check because it was taking so long. I miss doing my quest at an average of 2-4k words sometimes.

Right. Two talking points for me today. Firstly, while I did slightly exaggerate a bit in the first chapter's authors note – I wasn't joking about the idea behind it. Clearing out a character's challenge set might turn them into a girl if they were male – or more to the point "they were always a girl". The only exception to that is if Greg doesn't want that to happen in-story, which in many cases he won't – if only to keep his head down and not destroy society outside of his growing harem. It won't be a huge, huge part of the fic, but it will be there in some form once he starts clearing out named character's challenges (which is still a long way off).

Secondly, I'm going to take a brief (2-3 week) break from writing lewd fics so that I can crack down on a course that I'm doing at the moment. I will be back, probably with an update for "A Nice Teacher" first – I just have to do something productive while this quarantine is going on. I write Fate snippets on the train when I get called in for work, so I might get around to posting another set of updates on that if I get time to spell-check them – but otherwise this is a temporary farewell until I get bored of revising and start procrastinating on QQ again.
Last edited: Jun 2, 2020
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,052 others
Tamzar
May 24, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Eight
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jul 17, 2020
Add bookmark
#484
Think. Think. I had one shot remaining at everyone in this building. What was the correct order here? Shadow Stalker didn't even feature in the list, and even if she did – I saw her nearly every day anyway. Ignore her. Triumph was almost as unlikely as Armsmaster, I had no real way to fight him or neutralise his powerset – so I could shelve that fight for now as well.

So. Vista. Clockblocker. Gallant. I didn't really feel any better about my chances of beating Gallant now than I did before. Power armour was still power armour. I just didn't have the penetrative or concussive power to take him out in a single hit, and from that point on I basically had no notable defence against him literally blasting me with feels – and more to the point, no way to really prevent his escape if he felt like it.

A fight with Clockblocker would be easier now – but still quite a struggle without a lethal weapon of my own. Keeping him away from me, at the very least, wouldn't be as much trouble, assuming my new power worked the way I assumed it did.

The only other alternative was the second challenge for Vista. I wouldn't get a new power out of it if Taylor was the model for all capes – just a relationship boost. A boost that likely wouldn't even make us real friends, considering that we were currently complete strangers – becoming one of her more well-regarded fans was probably all that I could hope for. On the third round, I might get a boost to my power – and while it was technically possible that I could get that far since there was no cooldown after winning a challenge, it seemed pretty unlikely that I would be lucky enough to win three cape challenges in a row.

I narrow my eyes at the girl.

Vista

Heroine 2/6

(ALRT) (HUNT)
​

Fuck it. I'm curious, and Clockblocker isn't going anywhere. "Challenge."

I glance around at my surroundings as they fizzle into existence. Fairly high-tech looking building, well-organised, clean and… "Ah, shit." I swear. Home turf for the Wards, yet again. I was in a different room from last time, but the fantastic view out of the window and the logos scattered around the room were unmistakeable. A random cleaner in uniform comes into my vision and gives me a disinterested look as he walks past, other people were around and weren't aggressive yet – good to know.

Ignoring anything else, the ALRT modifier meant that Vista would be looking for me already – and the HUNT one indicated that she would always know exactly where I was. That meant she was coming for me right at this moment.

I need to leave and get to a crowd – fast. I confirmed that one PHO theory last round, Vista's power sucks when loads of people are around. The Manton Limit in action, although that didn't matter as much when those people were on her side. I phase through a glass window to escape into the corridor and hop into the elevator – hitting the ground floor button as fast as I can. I make it about two floors before the elevator starts shuddering and shaking, ominous scraping noises emerging from the sides – presumably, Vista squeezing the elevator like toothpaste as best she could. She couldn't crush it entirely with me in here, but twisting the shaft above and below me enough to drag the elevator to a halt was child's play.

Hah. Child's play. I'm genuinely hilarious. I'll remember that one.

Well. I wasn't going to sit around and wait for her to catch me. I wait for Shadow Stalker's power to return, then phase through the floor, seeing for myself the jagged shape of the elevator walls that she had manipulated remotely. The new shape did provide some excellent footholds for moving like this though, so it wasn't all that bad. I drop myself onto a makeshift spike of tortured metal, then glance down to the lip of the next elevator door down. There was still a long way to the ground floor, I would have to settle with only making it partway down the building for now.

I just had to get down to the lip of that elevator door, then phase through it in my shadow state. I could wait out the cooldown and try to jump with Sophia's power – but if I missed, I would die. I could also try to jump all the way to the ground floor and break my fall with the Shadow State, but if I hit any obstacle at all on the way down I would die instantly – and the lighting wasn't that great further down the shaft. Best to stick with the first option. Fortunately, I had just the power in mind. I grab the newest of the cubes in my mind representing my powers, selecting Vista's own space warping effect.

I make a brief attempt at the wide-area landscaping that she had done down the length of the elevator shaft – but I'm not surprised when nothing happens. Most of my initial powers tended to be basic. Small tricks that added up when you put them together. A bit like Circus, except Circus was the second lamest cape in the Bay.

Sorry Velocity. I'm sure you're a great guy.

I bring one hand up, pointing at the closed elevator doors just below me. One pinching motion later, I push out a tentative foot into the space between my position and the lip just this side of the door. My leg seems to stretch through the compressed space, from my angle suddenly appearing to turn comically long, but after a moment I find solid purchase against metal and can shift my weight onto that leg and step down fully.

I prod at Vista's power again. It feels just like Shadow Stalker's when it's on cooldown, except this time I seem to have a sense of the warped space shifting back to normal. I shift through the elevator doors, keeping a mental eye on Vista's power. It isn't shrinking that fast, so I glance around the new room while I wait. Apparently, this was an office floor, with plenty of well-dressed businessmen and women flitting around the area.

"Excuse me, young man." I blink as a well-dressed man steps up to me. "Are you supposed to be up here? If you're here to meet the Wards, they can be found four floors above this one. The paperwork we do in here is somewhat sensitive, so perhaps- Oh, my!" I push past him. Apparently, the NPC's were fairly realistic in this challenge – but these paper-pushers didn't know I was their enemy yet. He must have seen me phase through the door and assumed I was a new arrival to the team, but there was no way that would last once Vista started a fight.

And with the HUNT and ALRT modifiers, she knows my exact location without even having to spot me first. I can't run or hide against that combination. It doesn't help her to fight at all though, and I already had a bit of an idea as to how I could win again.

I prod Vista's power again, feeling that the pinching-together of space that I had done in the elevator was just about undone. The instant that it is finished returning to normal, the power lights up in my head again – ready for selection. Simple enough. I had the ability to pinch and stretch space in a line up to a certain limit that I haven't found yet. It's not instantaneous, but fast enough to be situationally useful in a fight. Only one effect at a time, which slowly unravels as time goes on – which naturally means that a larger use of the power will take longer to become available again than a smaller one. Got it. I can remember that.

"Young man? I'm going to have to call security if you insist on ignoring me-" Vista was probably on the stairs right now, with the elevator out of action. It would be unusual for my target to take their time or take an extended detour when the option of a direct confrontation was available to them – at least, not without the REAL modifier.

But I could win that fight. Especially in a cramped environment like this. How was Vista going to kill me in a fight? I wasn't exactly a 'roided-up monster, but I kind of manhandled her in the last challenge – the difference in size and gender more than enough to make up for my lack of formal CQC training. It was a surprise attack that time, but even still – she wasn't able to get out under her own power when I had her in a good hold. She wasn't likely to come down here with a gun in hand, so as long as I manage to close the gap, then I should win again.

I must have dropped two or three flights of stairs from my original location, so she can't be far off now. I step over to the doors to the stairwell, listening intently for footsteps. I hear them. Loud. Fast. Interspersed with heavier impacts that might well be her jumping down several stairs at once. I step over to the opposite wall, and slam my fist through the fire alarm glass.

As I hoped, the alarm immediately starts blaring, and every one of the office workers lets out a simultaneous groan and pushes themselves up from their chairs. The NPC grabs me by the collar. "What do you think you're doing? Do you have any idea how much that little prank-" I bring my leg up hard and fast, leaving the man to let out a breathless gasp and fold down to the floor with a whimper – curling up around his groin while trying to fight back the eye-watering pain that always accompanies such a hit to the family jewels.

A glance around behind him shows that few people are paying the fallen man much in the way of attention, instead crowding down stairwells, fire escapes and corridors in the polite rush to evacuate the building. Many of them brushing right past Vista, who reaches my floor only to get stuck struggling to fight the flow of traffic heading in the opposite direction.

I can't sit and wait for them to pass completely – even if it means interference, Vista will destroy me once the crowd is gone and her full powers can be brought to bear. I close the distance without any struggle, pushing a few paper pushers aside as I grasp Vista's arm and roughly tug her back into the room towards me. She doesn't exactly resist, but she does take the opportunity to use my arm as leverage to perform a jumping, two-legged kick into my thigh. I swear roughly as I stumble, attempting to swing her into the ground unsuccessfully before she flips me instead – sending us both tumbling to the floor as I pull her with me.

"Hey, what are you doing to Vista?" A hand grabs my arm and tries to separate us. Damn it. Apparently, pulling her out of the crowd so roughly attracted a white knight, here to save the day. There wasn't anyone else left on this floor – and the door was already swinging shut. Deal with this guy, and I won't have any more interference. He pulls my arm harder, threatening to break my only hold on the Ward.

I latch my legs around Vista in response as she jabs me in the stomach, grabbing the bystander with my now-free limbs – I hold his hand tightly, bringing Panacea's power to the fore. I push it away after only a few seconds, and he lets out a yelp of shock at the green-blue mess that I've turned his hand into in only a short amount of time. "I've poisoned you. If you don't get to a hospital then you'll die-" Vista punches me in the stomach, then attempts to wrestle out of my grip and knee me in the balls. My words seem to have done the trick though, he gives a terrified scream and runs back to the stairwell – taking the steps three at a time until I can't see him anymore.

I didn't think I was that believable, but I guess non-capes don't know any better right now. It was nothing more than a simple change in colour, I couldn't do anything complicated like poison even if I wanted to. It wasn't even a colour change all the way through, if he rubbed his hands together he would probably notice it start to fade away. I pull back and take a massive swing down at Vista's helmet, only to slightly miss and receive another bruising punch to my torso in return. I scowl. Even if she can't use her full powers in melee, apparently stretching a few inches here and there is more than enough to give her the edge in trading blows.

But I've still got my legs wrapped around her. The 'mind' behind her, what I would call the AI in a video game – it clearly hadn't gone into this with a serious plan. At a guess, it's just copying Vista's abilities and fighting style and pasting it into a new scenario. Without the REAL or LUST modifier, it simply isn't smart enough to realise that closing to melee is the only way it can lose – even when the real Vista would have known that. All it seems to know is that Vista has happily gone into melee scraps before and came out the other end as the victor.

Hell, the real Vista would probably have just called security and stayed upstairs or played support when dealing with an unknown cape – but this version wanted to start a fight just as much as I did, and only realised that melee was disadvantageous after the fact. Much like the civilians I had fought over the last week, happy to close to melee without considering that I might have a knife in my back pocket – which I didn't this time around, but the point was the same.

Of course, that didn't matter much for most civilians. I was probably going to win anyway. But it did matter for capes. I'm sure that someone like Aegis, Dauntless or Armsmaster weren't too disadvantaged by being piloted straight at me without a grand plan – but Vista was best used in a support and ranged role. She could box me into a room from the floor above me, stretch the walls to cover the doors and roll containment foam grenades into the room until my Shadow State didn't have anywhere to run to. I didn't know exactly what my shadow state would do if I tried to reappear inside containment foam, but I didn't want to test it either.

Although, it might be worth checking. Finding another weakness in Sophia's power could be very useful for later. It's way too versatile for me to dismiss casually. It's the crutch on which almost all of my challenges seem to fall back on so far, next time I head to the Power Rankings thread on PHO I won't be so harsh on Shadow Stalker. Probably.

Back to the topic. All of that wasn't to say she was a pushover like this, by any means. She was still dangerous in melee, despite her size – it's clear that she's used to fighting like this against capes and thugs. Still, it isn't optimal – you could compare it to Othala coming over to try and beat me up in person with her gang rather than hiding at the back and sending an endless stream of invincible thugs my way. Just because she might know kung-fu didn't mean that it was the best choice.

It would be interesting to see if that would change at later challenges – even without specific changes in modifiers, I had noticed that they tended to be more difficult as a rule. Would that extend to capes being smarter about their abilities and limitations, and therefore closer to their real life counterparts? Closer to their true potential? My gut said yes, but I had nothing to back that on so far.

I roll across the floor, dragging Vista with me. I'm still stuck with the same problem I had last time. That costume is tougher than it looks. And my grapple isn't as solid as the last one I had on her, this time it's a much more even fight – and the amount of abuse my body is taking is starting to rack up. Drowning her is probably out of the question this time around, I can't just take a few steps to the side and drag her into the water. But perhaps I could do something similar? We were quite high up, after all – if I could just get us both outside, then I could survive a fall much better than she could as long as my shadow state was available before I hit the ground.

Vista arches upwards, fist lashing out into a right hook that I narrowly dodge. I move to seize her arm, and promptly find that same arm pressed into a dangerous looking hold before I can blink. She twists harder, clearly intending to break the offending limb – but she's not quite fast enough to stop me from shifting into my shadow state to escape the hold. I take the opportunity to wind up a heavy kick at her face, while she immediately reaches behind her back the moment my limb turns to smoke.

I recognise the chirping noise a split second too late to do anything about the taser as she lunges upwards towards me, but I still make a heavy connection with my downwards kick that knocks her down for a moment. We both fall to the floor, separated again despite my best efforts. I bite back the scream as I attempt to control my fall – merely falling to my knees and stumbling forwards instead of being sent flying back to the floor Vista was. I was only hit for a brief moment thanks to the timer on my shadow state being so strict and short – but I could still feel the burnt skin on the left side of my body where the electricity has inflicted a far greater toll on my body than should have been possible if not for Sophia's power.

Taser. Of course. If she has a constant awareness of my position with the HUNT modifier, then she could clearly see that I managed to move through solid walls using her teammate's power. Idiot. I push myself upwards, cursing my arms for shaking as my body protests the sudden damage.

Still. Vista isn't doing so hot herself – she hadn't at all been prepared for the full-power kick straight out of my shadow state. I may have taken a painful hit, but I hadn't slowed down my attack at all – she can't afford to take hits like that, something that she had been careful to do this far into the fight. I may not be an adult yet, but the sheer amount of force I can output on a heavy kick is so much more than her childlike frame can easily handle – especially when she didn't see it coming at all. Now she's on the floor, winded and looking in just as bad a shape as I am – although my injuries are likely to last a bit longer if we were to both back off and wait for a second round.

Which is why I can't give her that chance. I managed to abuse the people in the office to limit her power and allow me to close the gap the first time – but she will never let me get close again if she gets away. My leg gives way as I try to put pressure onto it, but I at least manage a half-baked hop – which I combine with as rapid a pinching of space as I can manage between Vista and I.

The mental sense I get with the power is strange, and I can see that she's already twisted the space between us into an unholy mess of vectors and twists – if I were to try and walk towards her I'm sure that I would at best be turned around 180 degrees in seconds, and at worst twist an ankle or something as the twists in space do strange things with my balance and footwork. I almost feel bad that my simple task of connecting point A and B skips past all of her effort, like I've just tunnelled a highway over the top of some intricate cave network. That feeling doesn't last long though, as a moment later I find myself grinning with my weight pinning Vista to the floor again.

She's dropped the taser, but I don't trust her not to have a backup – I need to be more careful next time. I elbow her in the ribs as she attempts to shake me off, narrowly avoiding a vicious knee to the balls in reply. Note to self: Find one of those crotch-protector things. Wait, no – I can't take stuff like that into challenges. Correction: Find where the PRT stores their crotch-protector things so I know where to steal them from. They must have them right? All cops should. My experience on that was entirely based on a throwaway line on the last buddy cop movie I watched – but it made sense so it was probably true.

I test my leg again. Flex it once, then twice before nodding to myself – bracing for another kick into my side from the diminutive Ward. Not quite as strong as she was before, I might have given her a bit of a concussion – even if that helmet still looks as strong as ever. My leg feels fine too – it looks like I can stand properly again, even if I can't do anything about the pain or the unwanted twitching now and then. Everything hurts – but I can't afford to draw this out any longer. Fact of the matter is that I overestimated my chances here, I can't win this brawl. I caught her off guard once, but the simple fact is that she's just better than me at CQC. I have a few tricks, but I can't do anything lethal to her in these circumstances unless she's out of costume or I manage to knock her out.

Which is why I have to accept the loss. You can lose the battle, but still win the war in the end. I grab her with both hands by the front of the costume, dragging her up and across the room – gritting my teeth and pushing through the double-kicks targeting my stomach as she uses my own grip as her leverage. Need to suck it up. Pain doesn't matter. Injuries don't matter. Only death matters.

I'm almost to the far side of the room when she curls her body upwards around my left arm, wrenching it at an angle that sends screaming signals of pain to my brain – but this time I can see the minute pause she makes before it seems she would complete the motion. She was waiting for me to shift again, probably to blast me with another cheap shot with a second taser. I could easily grapple a weapon from her hand if she tried to use it, but there wasn't a chance of her missing the super-effective attack once I turned into a cloud of shadow. She seems surprised when I simply keep running, but doesn't hesitate for long before simply continuing the motion. Bending my arm at an impossible, agonising angle until the sensation comes to a sudden halt as a loud, crystal-clear snapping noise reaches my ears.

I hope my scream damaged her ears, but I didn't let go of her with my other hand – her move had only made it easier for me to carry her instead of needing to almost drag her across the room. I pull her body tight to mine as I charge through the external fire exit, a simple push-to-open contraption that offers no resistance to our combined weight.

Out on the metallic fire escape trailing down the outside of the building, Vista had suddenly realised my game plan. She wasn't trying to inflict damage on me anymore, no attempts to break my other arm or to inflict additional punishment onto my body – she was trying to escape. An earnest, desperate struggle born of something more than the simple tactical advantage she was seeking before.

Too late. Far, far too late. I push her up against the railings with my one hand, my now-useless left arm flopping uselessly behind me. Two blows to the stomach send me reeling – but it's just too easy to throw her weight around even with only a single arm. I practically roll her over the side, only looking slightly annoyed when I realise that she used her power and extended the step outwards to that side as well. I can't exactly clamber over without probably throwing me off or at least claiming the advantage – and if I left her alone she could extend the staircase below her feet all the way to safety. I couldn't afford to let go and take any action and she knows it, based on her immediate reaction to twist my arm into another professional armlock.

She probably thinks she's in a good position here. The real Vista might be more worried, and try to adapt to her situation with more caution once she realises how abnormal my strategy is – but this challenge has thrown me against a glorified combat dummy. It fights like Vista, reacts like Vista does and has all the experience that Vista does. But it doesn't quite think like Vista. Has Vista ever fought a villain that didn't care about themselves? One that didn't care about their own death, as long as they won? No. Of course not. Against any of her previous opponents breaking an arm or two was a near-guarantee of winning the fight, not that Wards usually got into a fight that serious – but rules like that went out the window in this challenge. Any normal opponent would have already started running away, all of the combat experience that she had would support that.

So this doll with Vista's face could never consider the threat from a double suicide.

I treasure the look of shock on the visible part of her face as I step through the railing in my shadow state, wrapping my arms around her and using my momentum to hurl us out into the open air. The step extends just a few inches behind her, but she isn't fast enough with her power to save herself – and once we are truly falling there is nothing left that she can do other than hopelessly spin with me and beat her fists fruitlessly against my face.

Of course, this will kill me. I won't get my shadow state back before I hit the ground. It's a massive drop, but I know from experience just how fast that gap can disappear with a bit of help from gravity.

But that didn't matter. As long as Vista died first, I would win. And thankfully, the basic power that I had gotten from Vista in the first round? Even if it wasn't as flexible or strong, it also didn't weaken as much when a furious, screaming girl is wrapped around me and causing issues with the Manton Limit. It's a question of timing, but it's easy enough after the first few rotations to work it out. Just as Vista passes above me, I trigger my power to shrink the distance between us and the ground. The power isn't all that fast, at shrinking space – but it does just enough to accelerate us downwards to hit the ground at the exact point that Vista is directly below me. The last thing that I see is the tiniest hint of Vista ragdolling off the ground just below me and a flash of pain as I collide with her a split second later.

I gasp awake, trying to calm my adrenaline as I flex my left arm again. Working. Functional. Not painful. I might be getting used to debilitating injuries, but I certainly wouldn't volunteer for that again. The myriad bruises littering my body were healed as well, as expected.

That did the job. I didn't really get to see much of what happened, but Vista was definitely below me when we hit the ground. I glance up at the almost-empty void, reading the ghostly-blue words etched across what should have been the sky.

SUCCESS

Reward: Vista+​

Hell yeah.

The hall of people returns to my sight around me, the Ward shows no obvious sign of change – and she wasn't even looking in my direction anyway. The fanboys and girls surrounding her continue their chatter, it's as if nothing has changed at all. Which was a good thing, obviously. I could probably assume that Vista liked me better now, but as we had literally never spoken that didn't mean a lot.

Still. I won, which means that I could go again. I cast my eyes over her new challenge.

Vista

Heroine 3/6

(LUST) (CAGE)​

Now that sounded interesting. I wouldn't have expected a CAGE modifier to be in Vista's favour, but clearly, there was a plan of some description in here. "Challenge."

My vision shifts again, even before it had fully finished filling in the details of the real world around me. My feet settle onto solid ground, and I already start moving forward before I even spot my opponent. Close the distance. My plan immediately goes awry, the instant I spot Vista, standing a bit further away than most of my previous cage match opponents. I charge towards her as the ground beneath my feet starts to shift into a field of bumps and minor pitfalls, my steps seeming to cover less and less ground with every second. Taking more care about where I place my feet slows me down notably, but it becomes a moot point when the ground beneath Vista rises up into a large pillar propelling her to safety.

She's not done there though – even as she moves away, the mysterious material making up the floor and walls rises up around me to box me in. I lunge at the nearest wall, using Vista's power to pinch the distance between its highest corner and myself – the aim was getting on top of the thing to stop her from just boxing me in again, but before I can even try to act on the shortcut, my control over the space gets unceremoniously torn from my grasp. My mental image staying intact to inform me of exactly how many useless ribbons of twisted space my shortcut had turned into. Judging by the sluggish stillness of the power, almost refusing to move back like usual or perhaps simply forced to stay in place – it wouldn't be reappearing in my repertoire for quite some time.

With my initial plan foiled, the walls curve around to box me in, even sealing up my escape to the ceiling. The beige material of the floor and ceiling actually seemed to be my source of light itself, so I could at least see – but the only thing that meant was that I could see the newly raised walls closing in closer and closer. I throw myself at the closest wall, shifting into my shadow state and barrelling through it – hoping that I could make it out without her noticing, enabling a sneak attack while she thought I was being slowly crushed. My shadow state runs out its brief timer, and I find myself forcefully ejected out of the same side that I tried to escape from.

Fuck. That likely meant that I hadn't even crossed the halfway mark of the wall within that one-second sprint. The walls were still closing in, under normal circumstances I would say that she couldn't crush me directly thanks to the Manton Limit. Unfortunately, the sheer amount of material that she's moving means that she doesn't have to. She just has to manipulate the space on her side of the wall and let the other side continue to press towards me as it takes the path of least resistance to resolve the pressure it faces from her end. Like squeezing out toothpaste, even if she wasn't allowed to touch the paste itself – as long as she squeezed the far end correctly then natural physics would take care of the rest. Toothpaste on the brush. My bones smeared into coal or whatever bones turned into. Same thing.

I take a few more attempts at escaping with Sophia's power before the walls finally finishing closing in on me, but ultimately there's nothing I can do to save myself before I find myself without even any room to breathe – unable to even expand my chest out before something in my ribs gives way under the pressure. Blood spurts into my mouth as I lose consciousness, thankfully unaware of the rest of my body being literally ground into dust by the makeshift-compresser.

FAILURE

Hint: LUST maximises the combat effectiveness and bloodlust of the target to its theoretical highest levels in a given scenario. A powerset might be used in ways that the original user had never considered, and powers that are limited by the users experience, morals or mental capacity will no longer be as restrained as they were – greatly enhancing their combat potential.​

Interesting. Not entirely unexpected, but it did nearly eliminate one of Vista's weaknesses by boosting the speed and complexity of her power – even to the point where she can do all of that with me at the centre of it all. As far as what little I saw of her, she hadn't pulled out anything truly new – I had seen her accomplish similar feats before on PHO, albeit usually on unoccupied space.

And despite the large movements of the 'rock' or whatever I was supposed to call the mysterious substance that made up the walls, it wasn't moving unbeatably fast under Vista's direction. Or at least, not unbeatably fast for someone with a mover rating. I couldn't do anything about it now because I couldn't stop her from boxing me in – but if I could run or fly fast enough, then I might be able to do something. Or even just teleporting, now that I think about it. Oni Lee's power would probably trivialise this fight, depending on cooldown and distance limitations.

Well. That's enough thinking. It's a moot point now. I double-check Vista's timer as she comes into view on the off-chance that the timer had gone down from it's previous one – but this time it has just over four hours remaining. No third-chances today, this event will have long since packed up by then.

Time to move on. Of all the remaining targets, the only one I felt like I had a good chance of beating was Clockblocker. Even if he was making excellent use of his power, it was still quite limited in what it could do. Very strong within those limitations of course, but limited all the same. With just a bit of planning on my part, I was sure that I could handle him in a fight. And now that I was prewarned against the sudden start of the fight, I could take steps to give myself some of that time to plan.

It took me a moment to find Clockblocker, causing me to panic for a brief moment that he had already left – but then I find him talking quietly to Triumph in the closed-off area that was barred to civilians.

"Challenge." I give the world a few seconds to half-form, but this time don't wait for the elevator doors to open before shifting through the floor. I use Vista's power to pinch the empty space between one side of the elevator shaft and the other, allowing me to spread my arms and legs out to the side of the elevator and keep myself from falling down entirely. It's not a solution that will hold forever, but I slip downwards slowly enough that my shadow state is ready again before I lose my grip completely.

This time, I let myself fall the short distance to the next floor below. Getting out so early meant that I didn't even have to jump that far because the actual elevator hadn't made it to the floor above at the time. From this angle, it's all too easy to dive straight through the closed doors in my shadow state and into the hallway beyond without relying on hitting the step first like I had for Vista's challenge.

I pause for a moment after breaking through the door. Waiting. Listening. The elevator doors should be opening upstairs now, but I couldn't hear any footsteps or any other sign that Clockblocker had been aggroed. That made sense. He didn't have a modifier like ALRT to start out so aggressive, it was just the situation that I had started in that accomplished the same thing. If I wasn't in the elevator to lock eyes with him when the doors opened, he would just stay in that room until something else alerted him to my presence.

Not that I saw anything here likely to do that. I would have to be quiet on the stairs, but I seemed to have the run of the building for now. Especially because I didn't see anyone else in the area, perhaps this challenge was devoid of people entirely? That wasn't uncommon at all, but I hadn't had that scenario and been inside such an important building before.

I spend most of the next hour exploring, not finding that much of interest apart from some user credentials stashed under a keyboard. Walking around the corridors and trying out some of my new passcodes on different doors got me foamed for my trouble, but Sophia's power got me out easily enough. Given the lack of blaring alarms, I assume there's a manual step in the security process where a human would assess the situation before escalating – but seeing as no security team appears at any point and no death-dealing laser-turrets burst out of the walls to kill me, I guess that I'm pretty safe here aside from the inconvenience of getting foamed.

Most of the doors aren't electrified, so it's easy enough to flit in and out of different buildings and rooms. Eventually, I find the jackpot. Containment foam grenades. I found the launchers and tanks too, but I remember someone saying something about some security control that didn't let unverified people fire them. Special gloves? Fingerprint scanner? Something like that. It was a long time ago.

Still, the grenades had no such issues. I toss one down the hallway, and beam to myself as the liquid erupts into the air – each individual droplet swelling into foam globules the size of my head as they soar through the air then succumb to gravity or cling to the walls as they continue to expand even further, connecting smaller globs together until the entire hallway was covered in a single, impassable mass of foam.

Perfect. Tag Clockblocker with a single one of these, and I've won. Best to take a whole bundle of them just in case, but my exploration has finally paid off. I could drag this part out longer before confronting him, but I didn't want to count on him staying in one place forever. He was still human. What would happen if he went to take a shit and saw me out of the window? Or if he was scheduled for patrol in a few hours and suddenly started moving away? I was probably worrying too much, but caution was a good thing as far as my power was concerned.

I inch my way up the stairs with Shadow Stalker's power. No footsteps, even if it made for a slow ascent. Soon, I'm back where I started – and no longer concerned about being heard. I rush up the last of the stairs and burst through the door as I see a sliver of his costume come into view. That was all I needed, no chance of being ambushed now.

Of course, he charges towards me with a shred of hesitation, and I do a fantastic act of pretending to back away while keeping my arms hidden behind my body. I don't even spot the first string wrapping around my leg, but it isn't important anyway. Fifteen metres. Ten. Five. With one swift yank, I activate three grenades and toss them to each side and above him. I repeat the motion on the other hand, dropping another grenade at my feet and rolling the second towards him. To his credit, he dives excellently to freeze two of the grenades before they explode – and another is wrapped in string with ludicrous precision, but he can't stop them all. Especially when the sixth and final grenade is still being held in my own hand as I stroll towards him in my shadow state.

I lean forward as he desperately reaches out towards me, ignoring the razor-sharp cords bisecting the air between us. "I win this time." The grenade slips from my hand to the floor as victorious spite widens my grin to psychotic levels. "Bitch."

In an instant, we are both foamed from head-to-toe – his struggles only sealing him in harder. I simply wait for a few seconds for my shadow state, then easily escape without any struggle at all.

"The only problem with this, is that I have no idea how to kill you in there." I peer at his helmet, barely visible through the foam. "I could try to poison you, but I'm not a real expert at chemicals – and destroying the building might give you a way out or turn on some random security system. If I poke you with a knife, you might be able to tag me and you could definitely freeze the knife." And with the LUST modifier, would he be capable of permanently freezing an object by perfectly timing his ability to apply again instantly on expiry? If I got tagged, I could wake up to find that the foam was already long-gone and the tables turned.

He doesn't reply, of course. Not the most talkative guy in this challenge.

"So the safest thing to do, is to simply leave you there to starve. Or die of thirst, I suppose. You're still human in there after all." I drum my fingers against the foam, which promptly gets them stuck and forces out my shadow state again. "I'm very confident that you can't get out of this without the foam dissolving. You can't freeze your own body. I have enough grenades to keep you there until Christmas if I have to." I clap my hands together. "Excellent! I'm going to find a McDonalds, and we'll have another chat later!" I turn around and head for the door.

I didn't actually find a McDonald's, mostly because the forcefield-road wasn't extended and I was stuck on the manmade island unless I wanted to swim. I did find a cafeteria though, so after a few false starts with the kitchen, I made myself some basic fast food and went back to exploring.

I had time to kill, after all.


"Hey there Clockblocker! Long time no see!" The boy says nothing as I toss another grenade at him, the previous foam not even half of its original size before I liberally re-apply it. "Now I know what you're thinking! How did you sleep Greg? I'll tell you. I slept really well. I didn't consider that you guys might have your own rooms over here, but I am glad that you do! I guess you don't need to use them often – but I'll concede that they are fancy as hell."

He still doesn't reply. Rude.

"Now. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, Greg. You sound like a crazy person! I'm not even talking back to you, you're just talking to yourself! And you would be right. That is exactly what I am doing. But you didn't ask why!" I give him a pause in the conversation to let him ask, but he disappoints me again. I peer at the window, slightly sunken eyes staring back at me. "It's because the internet isn't working. I got onto the computer as some flunky without any problems, managed to get into some low-level database as well before getting locked out – but the internet doesn't work."

I raise my smoothie upwards, bringing the straw to my lips. Lack of good flavours aside, my experimentation with the cafeteria's stock was opening up the possibility of a career as a burger-flipper if this cape business didn't work out. I was killing it, even without any instructions to go with.

"My father, may he rest in peace-" I start solemnly. "-once took me out into the countryside. Gave me some deep speeches about the American spirit, becoming a man and the thrill of the hunt. I broke down crying and screaming after a few days. That was probably the lowest point in my life. Six entire days without electricity. No internet. No games. No porn. Hell on Earth, let me tell you."

Clockblocker doesn't tell me to stop, which meant he was deeply engrossed in my fascinating tale.

"For me, it's been about four days since I last looked at PHO – including all of these little fights I've been having." I shake my head. "Now, I'm not going to have a breakdown about it like I did back then – but I am mind-numbingly bored. You don't even have any proper game consoles in here that I could find. What's a guy to do? I ended up having to use my imagination to jerk off for the first time in years. What's worse is that I did it in Vista's bed, which makes me feel like a lolicon. I made a complete mess too. I had to sleep in a different room because the sheets were so gross."

Clockblocker's helmet doesn't move. Not even the slightest hint that he can even hear me. I still feel judged anyway.

"Not that there is anything wrong with feeling like a lolicon, every good harem needs a loli or three – but it does have a certain stigma to it and it hides my true nature – that of a guy who loves boobs of all sizes! I mean, don't get me wrong – I definitely noticed, felt and appreciated Vista's assets when I was grappling her toda-yesterday- today?" I frown in confusion. "Earlier. But I wouldn't have minded doing that with Sophia either! So, to prove my equal love of all boob sizes I'm going to repeat the feat in Sophia's bed tonight – and then Miss Militia's the night after. I guess you'll be dead after that so I can stop there. To be clear, I'm not doing this for the simple reason of being an equal-opportunity degenerate, but also because I'm so bored that this sounds like a productive way for me to waste time while I wait for you to die."

The security controls on the few accounts that I had found had locked them up tight after some pretty limited use. I couldn't leave the island. I couldn't get into either of the tinker labs, and I was running out of recipes to try out at the cafeteria. I'd been inside almost every room in the building by the end of Day 1, and found absolutely nothing to do that worked offline apart from some dull textbooks and training manuals. Some of the rooms had actual books, but nothing that was really my style. Bored. Bored. Bored.

"Anyway, I'm going to go back to trying to guess passcodes for Armsmaster's lab and getting foamed for my trouble. Guess I'll see you in a few hours for another grenade checkup!" I wave him goodbye over my shoulder, it would be so much easier if I could find a real grenade. I was pretty sure the shockwave would kill him if I set it up right – no matter what he tried to freeze. His suit couldn't stop everything, right? I hadn't found any real weapons though, I would guess that meant they were locked away out of reach for even Sophia's power – or perhaps there really weren't any on site. Or maybe my power was playing games with me again, although it didn't seem to mind grenades in other challenges so perhaps not. Who knows?

I snap awake, going from a night of deep, comfortable sleep to instant alertness with no time in between the two states.

SUCCESS
​
Oh. He finally bit the bullet. Thank god for that. Suck it, Clockblocker. That's what you get for your horror-movie-style execution last time around!

Reward: Temporal Stasis (1)​

Useful. This whole trip has been a huge success for me, even if I don't get a single other power – which seems likely – I'll have gotten two of the best ones available from the Wards. I still didn't have a flight power or a Brute rating, but I could find that from someone else if I had to. There was no shortage of candidates in the Bay.

Saying all of that, I wasn't completely done here. Even if failure was likely, I still had Triumph, Gallant and Clockblocker's second challenge to go through.

The boy continues his inane chatter, oblivious to my actions as I observe him again.

Clockblocker

Hero 2/6

(ZONE) (DOOM)

Doom? Somehow I suspected there wasn't a relation to the video game. I couldn't see anything it would be a shorthand spelling for, and there wasn't many ways to interpret that word anyway. The apocalypse, being condemned to a terrible fate or destined to die. Those were the only three meanings I could think of off the top of my head. I doubted it would be the first, at least, for the second challenge of a Ward – that idea seemed a bit much. The latter seemed more likely. An instant death condition. If X happens, die. If you take too long, die. If you don't win before this terrible affliction kills you, die. Something like that.

I could handle that. "Challenge."

The world loads unusually fast this time, perhaps because the ZONE modifier formed a literal tunnel around me – leaving only a straight path forwards. Or more precisely, a road forwards. I had been deposited into the driver's seat of a van on what looked like the main road going through the centre of town towards the Boardwalk. Up ahead, a car swerves in and out of different lanes to allow it to gain a tiny bit of speed in a reckless display of road-rage. Or at least, that's what I would say if the other cars weren't all destroyed and abandoned in the middle of the road. A few had been cleared aside, making a little meandering course forward that wouldn't look out of place in one of Uber and Leet's Mario Kart videos.

With nowhere to go but forward, I would bet any money that Clockblocker was in that other car and that I needed to catch him. Now, I wasn't exactly an expert driver – but I knew the basics. After a brief false-start, I'm trundling forward in pursuit.

The roads, thankfully, aren't that hard to navigate – and even though Clockblocker has a great lead on me, I'm at least not losing sight of him anymore. What's more, after rounding the hill – I get to see the full scope of the challenge. The Protectorate HQ, looking more bruised and battered than normal, has the forcefield bridge fully extended – allowing almost a completely straight shot from the edge of the Bay to there without a single notable corner to think about. A gibbering skull floats in the sky at the opposite end of the bridge. I bet that was the DOOM modifier. If Clockblocker reaches that, I lose. I didn't see any other way to interpret it given the layout of the challenge so far.

Even without any other complications, I wasn't such a great driver that I could catch up with another car at the best of times. I swerve right as I see a flash at the window of the leading vehicle. I don't quite swerve fast enough, as a simple playing card shears off my left mirror. That was the main problem. On a chase like this, anything that Clockblocker froze would effectively travel at 70 kilometres an hour towards me – representing a lethal obstacle in my path that needed insane reactions or movement to dodge effectively. The abandoned cars were starting to peter out as well, some more effort evidently going into clearing out this more affluent area – that meant that it was even easier to pour on even more speed than before which only made it harder to keep up and dodge obstacles.

The rear-glass of the car in front suddenly shatters, a scattershot of time-locked sweets bursting through the window and dashing towards me. I duck, allowing both of my own windows to be shattered in turn while trying to keeping the car straight on the road despite the impacts. Broken glass rains down on my exposed head and arms, but at least I don't have a hole in my head. I wasn't expecting Clockblocker to be quite this aggressive, but I suppose he didn't really have another way to fight in a race like this.

I poke my head above the steering wheel again and accelerate once more, catching the barest glimpse of a gloved hand poking out of the back window. I see the faint glimmer in the air far, far too late to do anything about the web of frozen strings blocking this entire side of the road. The strings shear through the car like hot knives through butter, a flash of pain in my legs is all I feel before they are entirely separated from my body faster than I can even react. The car collapses into the road, still maintaining most of its speed even after being diced into pieces by its own momentum after charging into the strings at full speed.

I blearily glance down at the stump of my legs, then cast my gaze ahead to where Clockblocker had entered the entirely clear stretch of the road leading up to the edge of the Bay. Not much I can do now but wait. I wasn't all that surprised about Clockblocker's tactics, but I didn't really know what I could do about them yet. Even if I had a flight power, I don't think it would go fast enough to keep up. Better driving skills from Uber? Oni Lee might be able to reach him in the opening moments of the fight? Vista? I didn't even think about using Vista, but with the number of cars to weave through at the start, I don't think shrinking a few metres of empty space together would be all that useful considering the lengthy cooldown.

I don't know. I definitely needed more of an edge to win this fight. After all, it wasn't just about catching the car – it was about killing Clockblocker. He would still win by default if he tagged me once and walked the rest of the way – or tagged my car so I couldn't exit the vehicle or any other number of tricks that I would need to be ready for.

I idly watch the pool of blood from the stumps of my legs expand towards my head. I was probably about to lose consciousness, at this point it was just a race between Clockblocker reaching his destination and my body bleeding out. I idly poke my legs with Clockblocker's power, but nothing happens. As expected. Manton limited. I poke a piece of debris, then try to shove it aside. I cut my hand open in the attempt as it fails to even budge an inch. The same as Clockblocker's as far as I could see, but probably limited in a few more ways than his version was. I would need to experiment at some point.

I blink as the sky turns red, thunderclouds coalescing together out of what should have been a clear blue sky. A single lightning bolt streaks towards my position, incinerating my body in surprisingly painless fashion.

FAILURE

Hint: Some challenges will reference fights and events that might have happened in an alternative future, which may mean that an opponent could be more experienced or powerful than usual – or even have unexpected teammates or powers! Additional hazards may also be found in certain challenges based off of these enemies.​

I scratch my head curiously. At a guess, I just didn't make it far enough into the challenge to fully understand what that was talking about – because this hint didn't really seem relevant to what I saw. I guess the city was fairly trashed, but it didn't really mean anything other than a change in scenery and a trail of abandoned cars. If there were more hazards to be seen along the way, then I hadn't met them yet.

Not that it mattered. I needed more powers to get through this challenge, another dead-end – though at least this one came after I had cleared the first round.

I roll my shoulders with a sigh. This is starting to drag a bit, doing long strings of challenges is pretty draining out here in the real world too. Injuries might not carry across, but I was still starting to feel a steady, pulsing ache from my muscles. Probably just my power trying to keep my pace in check, it's not the first time I've felt tired after spamming challenges.

Two more. Then I'll be done. Triumph. Gallant.

Gallant first. I knew what I was dealing with there.

I find him back at the visitor's entrance, clearly packing away the signs and preparing to leave his post permanently. "Challenge."

This time I find myself back in the room I had just left, facing towards the hallway leading to the entrance. Why was I here? Gallant was in this room last time, had we swapped locations? Was it randomised?

No. I was overthinking this. When I challenged him in the hall, he was there in the challenge. When I challenged him in the corridor, he was apparently in the corridor in the challenge as well. I took that to mean that this particular challenge adapted to his surroundings, if I were to follow him into a fast-food restaurant, then the next challenge would find him ordering a double cheeseburger.

Did that change anything? I glance around, paying particular attention to the windows for any sign of the ZONE modifier being different than before. Not really. Whether he was in this room or the next didn't make much difference. If he happened to be, say, standing on the edge of the pier where a single push would knock him into the water – that would make a difference in my strategy. But that wasn't the case. I didn't have any way to get an environmental kill in here, so I'm going to give Clockblocker's power a try.

I didn't know the exact limitations on the power, but it became inactive after activating a single object – so I assume it's one use at a time, with probable limitations on size and duration as well. That was fine. I was just going to try and rush Gallant, freeze his helmet and see if I can break his neck by twisting the rest of his body around it – or if the whole costume gets frozen then I'll try and bury him in crap and cover his visor as best I can to give myself a small edge when he gets unfrozen.

He has his back to me, so I simply sidle closer with Sophia's power to prevent him from hearing me. Closer. Closer. Closer. I reach one hand out, a single finger reaching out to poke the back of his head. "Boop!" I blink as he turns around, too surprised to even react as a pair of twin orbs from both hands bounce me back down the corridor and into the wall next to the girl's toilets. "Guh." I state eloquently.

Gallant sprints away, I can't even turn my head properly to watch him go – I can feel blood sliding down my hair and the back of my neck, so I must have hit this wall pretty hard. I might well die just from this even without any assistance from his friends.

The target has escaped the area. All enemies enraged.
​
I don't bother to react to the message. Vista is the first to reach me, almost gently pulling me from the small crater I had made in the wall – then casually snapping my neck over her knee like she was breaking up firewood.

Ow.

FAILURE​

I dismiss the hint. Same one as last time.

I sit there in muted shock for a moment. What was that? I quietly turn around and head into the boy's toilets. I sit in a cubicle for a moment and stare at my hand in abject confusion. Things had happened too fast for me back there to properly think about what went wrong, but things most definitely did not go according to plan. I had tried to freeze Gallant's helmet, I had selected Clockblocker's power – tried to apply it and then nothing had happened.

Why? What was the difference between my brief tests before that and Gallant's costume? Tinkertech?

No. I click my tongue, realisation slowly dawning on me. More likely than that. I poke my watch, bringing Clockblocker's power to bear and then shake my wrist in annoyance as it does nothing. I undo the strap, hang it loosely in the air and attempt to apply his power again – this time leaving it to hang freely, frozen in time.

Fuck. It's Manton Limited. Doesn't work on humans. And, at a guess, doesn't work on things that are directly touching or encasing parts of people. I would need to see if I could use it against a knife or a baseball bat – but I could probably assume that I couldn't do anything about clothes, vehicles or costumes if there were people inside. Not that unlike Vista's actual power, come to think of it.

But that really put a damper on my good mood. I had been hoping that Clockblocker's power would become my go-to win-condition for melee scraps from now on, and now it was revealed to be near useless in that scenario at its current level. I could still set traps and do tricks with strings or whatever, but I had been hoping for so much more. I probably should have known, but I'm still annoyed.

And a bit shaky on my feet. I'm going to have to sit down after this last one. Too many challenges today, but that was always going to be the case.

Triumph. Find Triumph.

There he is. Back with Clockblocker. I remember now.

Triumph

Hero 1/5

(CAGE)​

I grimace. Honestly, I didn't even stand a hope with this one. I already knew that going in, but I suppose if nothing else I can see what the gap is between us and what powers might help with his opening moves. "Challenge."

"Hah!" I'm blown backwards almost as soon as I spawn in, before I even spot my opponent – the sound wave of his shout arriving at the exact same time as the impact that slams into my body and sends me sprawling. I attempt to push myself to my feet- "Rargh!" -only to be knocked down again. I can hear his footsteps now- "Hyah!" -but there's nothing to be done about it. I shift into my shadow state on nothing other than pure instinct, feeling myself ripple backwards slightly even in my cloud form as his fist and another shout passes through me. He steps closer, almost in melee range again as his fist reels back. I use Vista's power to extend the space between us as much as I could, sending his fist just short of splitting my skull open – but I'm already out of ideas by the time he catches up with me again, another shockwave already on his lips and fist cocked back ready to go. "Yargh!"

I slump to the ground, dazed at the force of the next shockwave. Stronger at closer range? Or perhaps just more… concentrated with less area to cover. It didn't matter. His fist fills the space in the floor that my skull previously occupied, and I get the rare treat of dying and getting to the failure screen so fast that my corpse and the rest of the world hasn't quite finished vanishing yet. You never really get used to seeing your own dead body. Kind of gross, honestly. Especially when you don't have a face anymore.

FAILURE​

I frown and swipe away the hint, which said nothing more than to consider getting other powers if I run into a dead-end. Not useful. That was exactly what I was trying to do.

I drag myself over to a bench, sitting myself down before my legs give way. Too many attempts on tough targets, I feel like shit. I idly watch the event slowly close down, the fanboys and girls slowly filtering out as they hand out party bags filled with cheap merchandise at the exits.

"What's with the big sigh? It wasn't that bad was it?" I glance up, taking a moment to recognise the new arrival as Vista.

"Just a long day. Nothing to worry about." I assure her. Why was she speaking with me? Had I- No. I knew why. I had gotten a relationship rank up with her. Even if we weren't close, if she had to talk to one stranger to kill time it was going to be me.

"Tell me about it. I've been here for hours, it was fun the first few times, but it really seems to drag on after a while." She shrugs, leaning backwards against the wall next to me. "You come to these often?"

"Not at all. First time actually." She tilts her head at me with an inquiring look. "Capes have always interested me, but I suppose you can say it became a bit of a hobby of mine recently."

Her helmet bobs. "You and half the rest of the world. Go on then. Who was your favourite?"

"Armsmaster-" She makes a face. "-and then you, I guess."

"Flattery doesn't work if you say someone else's name first." She drawls at me.

I shake my head. "It isn't just flattery-" But it was a bit. "-when I was about your age I spent most of my time crying and downloading viruses onto my computer. Not beating up Nazi's and arresting villains in my free time. It's easy to see someone my age doing that kind of thing, but I have to respect someone doing it for so long at such a disadvantage."

"Hmph." She seems to mull that response over. "Thanks, I think. I'll forgive the Armsmaster mention – you are a boy after all." I'm pretty sure she's joking. She turns towards me. "But if I'm your second-favourite out of everyone here, why didn't you come and get an autograph?"

Busted. "Ah. Well." I search for an excuse. "You know-" She looms over me, a half-smile on the lower half of her face as she tries to be intimidating – clearly having a bit of fun at my expense. "Your fans are a bit, you know…" I wave a hand. "…creepy."

A lot of the kind of people who rooted for the young, female superhero were unashamedly more interested in the 'young' and 'female' part of that sentence. The type that would probably lose interest in a few years time, not to say she didn't have a respectable fanbase aside from that – but this kind of event tended to attract the more fanatical side of the fanbase given the price tag and the lack of events other than a cursory meet and greet. There was a reason Gallant had been surrounded by scantily-clad girls for the last few hours, the crowd only diminishing in the final minutes of the event.

She looks away. "I don't think I'm allowed to comment on that, but I see where you're coming from."

"Well. There's no other fans around anymore. Sign my shirt?" I offer.

"Why not?" She unclips a marker from her belt. "It's not like I have anything else to do."

There's an undercurrent of annoyance in that last sentence. But not aimed at me, I think. "Oh?"

She waves a hand at the workers and other heroes stacking chairs and tables away. "Apparently they don't need my help. Big, strong male heroes doing lifting chairs is good PR. Small, weak female heroes lifting chairs is bad PR. Never mind that I could do the entire thing in half the time, they just want to do a photoshoot about how down-to-earth and relatable we are." She scribbles 'Vista' and a star onto my shirt before tucking the pen away again.

"Sounds silly." I wasn't a master of picking up on social cues, but I was pretty sure agreeing with her was the right move here. "Is it always like that?"

"It used to be worse. At least I don't have to do commercials for dolls anymore." I've watched those. They were pretty good, but I guess she didn't want to hear that.

Come on Greg, maintain the conversation. Agree with her some more. "You would think that they would aim for a different market considering the kind of people you fight everyday. I saw that fight with Stormtiger last week. He wasn't holding back." Her hand ghosts down to the side of her chest at the mention of it. "Getting sliced up every other week isn't exactly a little-girl's job."

"You'd think so." She purses her lips. "Though it's hardly every other week. That was the first time I've taken a hit since… Christmas. Give me some credit at least."

I make an apologetic face. "Even so." I wave my hands dismissively. "The Bay isn't exactly the safest place around. Lung going on a rampage. The entire Empire grouping up. The Teeth might come back. Plenty of things to keep life expectancy down, even with Panacea around."

"Those things don't just happen overnight. It looks bad on paper, but you really do get used to it." She retrieves her pin again and starts flipping it in the air, twisting the space it travels through as it flies. "It's the kind of thing we see coming a long time in advance most of the time, and the Protectorate handles it more often than not."

"You can't see everything in advance. What if an unknown master was in the crowd today? You might have been targeted and not been able to do anything about it." I idly suggest, keeping my grin hidden beneath a thin veneer of placidity.

"We have protocols for that. I'd have beaten him up." She grins and flexes an arm as if to highlight the barely developed muscles she has there. "It's not like Heartbreaker or someone would risk everything to come all the way down here. Masters like that are more of a scare tactic than an actual threat. Statistically speaking I'm thirty-four times more likely to die in an Endbringer fight than I am likely to ever face an enemy Master that controls people. Nationally, at least. The Teeth and the Fallen have a few a bit closer to home which probably doesn't help the stats, but they aren't exactly subtle on the move."

"I guess so." I should probably stop teasing her about what she doesn't know. For my own continued safety if nothing else.

We fall into a comfortable silence as she absently kicks the wall, while I summon my ride home via text.

"This event is closing! Please make your way to the doors unless otherwise authorised to stay! Thank you for coming!" A nasal voice grates over the intercom.

"Guess that means me. I suppose I'll probably see you again." Sooner than you think.

She waves. "Next time come and say hi. It's always nice to talk to someone with a brain at these events."

A grin comes to my face. "I'll think about it, after I go and find Armsmaster first." I mime a salute as I walk away, before inelegantly stumbling over a sudden, blatant dip in the floor. I spin back around as the dip smooths out instantly after I pass over it. "Not funny!" She's already turned away, pretending to talk into her helmet while struggling to hide her mischievous grin.

Walking back to the car park, I can't stop a grin of my own appearing on my face. I fist-pump the air mid-step, objectively speaking this was a great idea. A huge success. Two fresh new powers, even if they weren't absolutely everything that I had hoped for – it was still a big step up for me.

And now, with the days work done, it's time to go home.


I wake up with a groan as the sun hits my face, leaving me bleary-eyed but still refreshed. I stare in confusion at the sun's position and my silent alarm clock before I remember that today is a Sunday. No school.

Which gave me time to do something myself. The event yesterday was a great start to the weekend, could I make it any better?

The thought circles my mind for a moment. No. I don't think I could. Taylor was probably the next on my list to attempt. Her…third challenge. That I hadn't actually tried yet. I probably should have, but I got caught up in the moment and forgot about it.

Regardless. I couldn't do anything about that until Monday. Sophia was probably still out of reach until I found a decent counter to her powers. Manpower from New Wave was my best bet at taking her down with his electromagnetic-Brute powerset, but I hadn't seen him around yet – and there was no promise of catching them or the Dallons at a certain time on the weekend thanks to the lack of office hours or school.

And nobody else was easy to find. I had set up an alert for Uber and Leet's stream, Protectorate patrols tended to move too fast unless I went to wait at the Broadwalk for people who walked – and there was good odds that nobody would bother patrolling that area today anyway. Villain teams weren't exactly hanging out in the neighbourhood and watering plants, unless there was a cape fight I wouldn't find anyone.

Anyone else? I genuinely couldn't think of anyone I was likely to find without drawing suspicion to my movements.

I run over the list of names in the Bay I was familiar with again, before nodding to myself. A lazy day for me it is! Take a rare break to enjoy myself. Spend some family time together. Maybe mess with the neighbours if I get bored, but nothing strenuous that might slow me down tomorrow.

But in the morning? My ears perk up as humming emanates up the stairs from the kitchen. I already had something in mind.

I shuffle my way downstairs, not even bothering to get fully dressed before heading down to the kitchen. "Hey, Mom."

"Morning Greg!" She responds cheerily without turning around.

I approach her from behind. A loose shirt, riding up her midriff thanks to her cleavage. Tight yoga pants that left nothing to the imagination. I know she was hardly aiming to tease in her head, but her new preferences in fashion did all the work for her on that front. That, and the fact that her new body was just…lewd. Curvy. Bubbly. A perfect hourglass figure that almost seemed too good to be true for someone with a child studying at a university.

Thank you, power. I appreciate it.

She straightens up as I slide my hands up the bare skin of her torso from behind, lightly cupping her breasts – too big to fully grasp in one hand, but idly groping and lifting them doesn't require a grip like that. It's enough to get her attention. "Greggie?"

"It's been a while since last time, right?" I murmur. "I'm feeling kind of backed up and you already said you were happy to handle it whenever it came up."

She perks up. "Of course, but don't get in the habit of getting used to it. Once you get a girlfriend, this will be her job. I'm only doing this so that you don't become some deviant and attack some helpless woman on the streets."

"How low is your opinion of me?" I grouse, stepping back to allow her to sink to her knees on the kitchen floor. She pulls my shaft out with a simple, no-nonsense motion – encouraging it up to full mast with a few quick strokes. Not that I needed any encouragement.

I make a pleased noise as she laps her tongue at my dick, only to pause as she backs off for a moment – flipping her shirt over her head to leave herself topless, then returning to my rod without a second of delay. She locks eyes with me, not breaking eye contact for a second as her lips seal around my cock and slowly slide down to the base of my shaft.

I let out a happy sigh at that, running one hand through her hair while she slowly settles into a suitable rhythm. This wasn't the first time that I had taken advantage of her new nature, but somehow it never seemed to get old. The idea that she used to be such an unrepentant bitch, and had now been moulded into little more than a submissive cumslut after only a few days of work. In a way, that had an eroticism all on its own – the knowledge that if she could see herself now, she would hate it with the fury of a thousand suns.

And my Mother was hardly the most evil bitch out in the world. Given time, I could collect almost any of the 'problem' capes out in the world. That was how I was going to be a hero. What did it really matter if my harem included a few heroes, if I turned the tables on Heartbreaker and added him – or more accurately, her – to my harem as well? How critical could someone be of me screwing Alexandria when Jackie Slash was being mind-broken by my cock at the same time?

Not that I intended to be so blatant or public about my power, but I felt that the morals of it balanced out – in a Big-Picture kind of way. I draw my attention back to the voluptuous figure in front of me, who has brought her hands down to her breasts and pressed them firmly against each side of my shaft – leaving the tip just free enough to be given attention by her tongue.

She's an expert, and not shy in the slightest about using her body to its fullest potential. The soft titflesh enveloping my cock gives off incredible sensations, and her mouth is as hot and inviting as ever – applying enough suction and skill that would have driven me over the edge in moments a week ago.

A week ago. But not now. It hadn't exactly been hard to spot my ramped-up sex drive or how horny I was half the time, but I wanted more – and I knew how to get it. I grab the back of her head with both hands, taking note of the questioning expression in her eyes before I pull her deep onto my cock – plunging down all the way to the base in a single movement, the gentle titjob completely forgotten. I buck my hips backwards, only slightly easing up on the pressure on her head as I pull back – then slamming my cock home once again.

Two times. Three times. My balls swing freely in the air, smacking against her chin as her eyes bulge and water as she tries to accommodate the new pace. After a few more seconds, she's somewhat adapted to the situation as best she can – sitting there and letting me fully take charge, fucking her mouth with no regard to her personal input on the matter. Part of it was a bit of leftover spite, taking charge and skullfucking her just felt like the kind of thing the old Alice would have hated. But mostly? It was to change things up from the façade of a businesslike transaction that she had put up. As if she was doing me a favour or it was just her duty as a mother. No. She was a slut now. My slut. Personally. I wasn't going to let her pretend that she had any authority or input on the matter.

And that was being reflected in the quality of the oral I was receiving – or perhaps 'taking' was the better word – now. Before, it was a practiced, neat operation. Professional, but almost dispassionate in its methodology. Loving, but not in the way that a blowjob should be. Now? It was a brutal, animalistic affair. She chokes and gags as I push her beyond what she can easily handle, lewd noises emerging from her as she touches herself while I ravage her throat. Her breasts, barely visible from this angle – flail wildly with every impact and movement that we make.

I don't bother to hold back my climax, not even bothering to warn her as the first blast of seed fills her mouth and throat – causing her to splutter and gag on my grip even more, but I still don't stop fucking her mouth. Each stroke now makes an even bigger mess of her body, sending droplets and strings of saliva down her chin and across her freely-hanging breasts – which were slowly becoming just as messy as if I had cum all over them in the first place.

Eventually, I draw to a halt – satisfied with the work of art that I had made of the woman.

"My little Greg." She makes a mock pout, scooping up a stray droplet of cum with her finger and swallowing it. "You're so mean to your mother-"

"We both know that's what you wanted." I interrupt, jerking my head at the table. "Lie back on that. I'm not done."

She pushes herself up to her feet and meekly obeys, still somewhat dazed by the brutal facefucking of just a few moments prior. "You-"

I tug the tight-fitting Yoga pants down, then yank the thong out the way as well. "Unless you have any objections?"

She makes a complicated expression. "Not as such, but surely you'll be all right for a while after all of that?"

I snort. "Not at all. If anything, it's only gotten worse." I brush her legs apart, lifting them up slightly to allow myself to line up with her exposed slit. "And why are you still acting like this isn't happening because you're a slut?"

"Greg!" She frowns sternly at me. "Don't swear!"

I smack her ass, sending a satisfying jiggle through her body – inching forward just a little bit more to press my throbbing cock against her pussy lips. "You and Clara are both little cum-hungry sluts for me to use whenever I please and I'm tired of pretending that you aren't." I owned them now. I earned the right to shape them as I liked, and I liked them both subservient to their new master. If Alice's old self wasn't such a bitch, I might have felt otherwise – but I liked the image before me now, so perhaps it was all for the best in the end. "I am the man of the house right now, and I'm going to pump you full of cum for no reason other than I simply feel like doing so. If you really have a problem with that, then tell me – and I'll walk away right now."

I'll drill the message into them, this kind of thing is something I'll have to get better at over time – if I can't keep control over my harem now, I'm going to be in over my head in a few weeks time. These two might be happy enough to roll over when pushed, but I couldn't count on everyone being so pliant. Even without going after villains and heroes, I didn't see any reason not to collect Emma and the gang – and Taylor was bound to be livid about that idea. I wasn't planning to be killed in a fit of jealousy, so I need to get better at laying things like this out early. Not making my position clear at the outset was what led to me nearly getting cucked by Clara's new 'girlfriend', though I didn't have an issue with that situation post-intervention. No problem with lesbians here! I'm a real progressive, trust me.

That challenge hangs in the air for a moment before she looks away with a flush. "Get on with it then." Embarrassment? At this stage? She's hardly a blushing maiden any more.

"Say it." I spank her again, leaving a matching red mark on the other ass cheek.

A deeper tint of red creeps into her cheeks. "P-please fuck me Greg." Her voice catches for a moment before coming back in a more purposeful tone. "It's been too long, I want you to fill up Mommy with your cock – breed me like the useless slut that I am! It's what I need, it's-" I slam into her core in a single thrust, cutting off her words into a weak moan of bliss.

I get a firmer grip on her hips, using them to help jackhammer myself into her twat with increasing force – thrusting into her hot, glistening walls with all the force I could muster. She's eager, responsive and vocal about her satisfaction – every bit as enjoyable and tight as her daughter, if a little bit less honest about her perversion.

My cock slams into her pussy again and again, moulding her lips around my length with every stroke that I make – and she encourages me with her body every step of the way. She clamps down on my dick with all her might, a vice-like grip with the sole objective of milking my cock for every last drop of its seed. The action is a two-way street though, only serving to enhance the pleasure she was receiving from the pounding herself – sending her into a small flurry of orgasm after orgasm, a silly, dazed expression appearing on her face as consecutive climaxes drive her to ever-greater heights one after the other.

My own eruption follows immediately after, another flood of hot jizz spilling out into her core – filling her womb full of my baby batter and continuing to pound away inside the creampied pussy as if to try and pack my load in even deeper. After a moment, I pull away – feeling immensely satisfied as I do so, my cock slowly shrinking down to its usual size as I contemplate the merits of sticking around for round two or taking a shower first.

A slurp draws my attention back to the sink, where Clara is eyeing the pair of us with a withering look as she drains her smoothie. "We have to eat on that table you know?" I shrug at her accusing comment. "Pick a better spot next time. I'm not cleaning that up."

"Everyone's a critic." I make a put-upon sigh, before very deliberately roaming my eyes over her body.

I get a suspicious look for my visual roaming. "I'm going to watch a movie with my friends. You can't just-" Her words are cut off as I close the distance between us, press our lips together and start wrestling her tongue with my own. She makes a small noise of irritation, but there's no heat to it at all. Instead, she moves her arms away from their crossed position – allowing me to roam my hands underneath her shirt and slowly start working at her belt.

Good job Clara. So much more obedient than your Mother. Or perhaps she was just standing there hoping to bait me in the first place.

That was fine too. I was happy to be baited all day long if it came to it.

Oh yes. My 'lazy Sunday' had only just begun.

-

AN: Aaand done. Nearly 15k words. I guess I'm getting used to these update sizes. I used to be in awe of the authors who would routinely pump out 20k words an update, but I'm starting to creep up to that kind of size completely by accident. Well. Maybe 'routinely' isn't how I should describe my update schedule, but the point stands.

I need to mentally work out where the story is going from here, because the draft timeline I made for this story stopped here because I didn't think I would get this far because I didn't want to restrict my creative freedom by overplanning things. Yes. That was it.

Honestly, it shouldn't be too much trouble to work out where to go from here, but I need to do a sweep of updates for my other fics as well – and I think I'll start updating my quest as well once I work out how to write in second tense again after so long in first. Might be a little while before the next update, but that's always the story in my case isn't it?

Until next time!
Last edited: Jul 17, 2020
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 947 others
Tamzar
Jul 17, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Greg's Super Special Challenge Cheat Sheet! PRIVATE KEEP OUT
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jul 17, 2020
Add bookmark
#500
GREG VEDER'S HOMEWORK FOLDER - CONFIDENTIAL TOP SECRET​

It's pretty easy for people who aren't me to lose track of my awesome power and all of these words that get thrown around. So I, XxVoid_CowboyxX - the epic gamer renowned throughout the world as the number one fan of the superhero known only as "Greg", have compiled this awesome guide to my super-cool power as I currently understand it, as of chapter Eight. Why did I just write Chapter Eight? Sunday. I meant Sunday! Check the time stamp! The chapter before this one!

And yeah, I put this in the "Threadmarks" tab, whatever that is just so that people have to see my awesome explanation post when they read through in the future. No scrolling ahead ladies!

Obviously, I wouldn't ever forget about the information put in a document like this - but one day in the future my adoring fans will want to hear of the humble beginnings of the God-Emperor of the universe or whatever I end up calling myself. They'll want a reference guide because they just aren't as smart as me. This is for them, because I'm a man of the people. The greatest hero. Ever. Including fiction. Fuck off Superman, I'm destroying all of your comics and replacing them with my autobiography. You think I won't? I will. If I see even one thread in the "Versus" section of PHO go your way instead of mine, you're finished. Done.

Anyway. Back on topic.

I guess if you aren't interested in a run-through of my power as I understand it at this point in the story, then you don't need to read this. It's pretty much 4k words of things you mostly already know. You can just skip past to the next chapter. Unless there isn't a new chapter, in which case be sure to slam that watch button to keep up with all the latest hijinks from the epic gamer XxVoid_CowboyxX and his epic quest to get an awesome harem, unlimited power and get a fucking sick motorcycle to look cool on.

PS: FBI agent, if you are still reading - I am not a lolicon and the contents of the next file down from this one is not a confession. I was reading it for the plot, you would do the same!


RULES FOR MY POWER​

Upon glancing at a target in the real world, a visual box will display in my vision containing a "mission briefing" which summarizes the following: target name, any special title/description of the challenge, current challenge number, max number of challenges for this target, the timer until it can be re-attempted (if applicable) and finally a brief list of keywords that will create a special modifier to the challenge.

The name of the target indicates the most accurate name that is known to me, and I would speculate that for the very first challenge of a Cape, it defines whether or not I find them in costume or not. Both Sophia and Taylor showed their true names and showed up in their first challenge in their civilian clothes. Every other cape I only know through their assumed name, and they showed up fully outfitted. New Wave is excluded from this for obvious reasons.

I must verbally say the word "challenge" when looking at this box or the target in order to initiate the simulation. Surveillance footage doesn't work. Close mirrors are fine, distant mirrors are not? See-through material like glass or plastic is fine too, as long as the box has popped up - I can do it.

I have tried every game and menu related word that I know. I'm confident that this is the only command that I currently possess. No quicksave, which is a pity.

I cannot surrender the challenge or otherwise exit by any means other than claiming victory or being defeated. Brain death will count as a defeat, NPC's injured beyond their capacity to recover within the bounds of the challenge may also be counted as defeated where applicable. There is no such thing as a draw and only the first full set of conditions that I meet matters towards the result. (That usually means: If I die first, I lose. If they die first, I win. Doesn't matter if we both die.)

After finishing a challenge, I will be healed of all injuries and disabilities acquired over the course of the challenge. The act of challenging seems to drain my stamina somehow, but it's not that noticeable unless I do a whole bunch in a row or have sports class right afterwards.

This might be unrelated, but am I fitter than I was a few weeks ago? I've always been a bit on the lean, nerdy side - but I spotted myself in the mirror in the bathroom yesterday. I look a little more built than usual, which is strange considering as far as real life is concerned I've mostly been sitting around staring at people for a few seconds at a time before shuffling away. I haven't really been keeping track of this, and it's no substitute for when I get Panacea or someone to get me an awesome six-pack with a light poke, but I'm not complaining. It makes running away easier.

After losing a challenge, I also get a hint that is supposed to help me next time around. Most of the time this hint is useless, sometimes it tells me useful things about mechanics or modifiers... but most of the time its useless.

The default, most basic state of a challenge will spawn me in somewhere in the city, clad only in my casual clothes with no weapons or gadgets that I had on me apart from my watch and sometimes my awesome shades. By default, the target also spawns somewhere as a somewhat unexpressive but violent clone who will sit in place until they "aggro" on me and attempt to kill me when they detect me. I will usually be dropped facing towards the location of my enemy as the crow flies. They typically fight in a similar style to their real-life counterparts, and while they won't hesitate to kill me in a fight - I have been captured and arrested before (until the police kill me - more on that later!), particularly if I get knocked out. They seem to go through normal containment rules for parahumans with M/S protocols and some brute restraints on the outside of the cell, so I expect that once I get to a level where I show that I can't be safely contained they will start to execute me all the time.

With all that said, when I have no modifiers, the mission is simple: Find the target and kill them before they kill me. Let's talk about the details a bit more.

Some of these challenges seem to be based in the past. Some of them seem to be based in a possible future. I don't really have much information that I've been able to get from the future yet. Something to keep an eye on. Sometimes I get little cutscenes with my power at the start of the scenario. Don't know why. Don't really care.

Challenges have a big variance on NPC's and the level of engagement from the target. This isn't usually reflected in the modifiers apart from a side effect of WRLD and REAL which I will talk about later. As far as this section is concerned: A challenge could be completely abandoned with not a soul to be seen apart from the target in a city that is surprisingly functional, and then the challenge can also be packed to the brim with more people than you can shake a stick at.

That's not all. The realism of these NPC's varies a lot as well. Sometimes they just act like literal NPC's, default lines when you try to interact with them, fighting only when you start a fight with them, running and hiding when a cape fight breaks out. Other times, they can be super realistic - capable of a full conversation and telling me things that I didn't already know. In usual circumstances, this would mean I could try and rope them in to try and help me for some challenges - but that's not true at all, bringing me on to my next key point:

MY POWER HATES ME

Ok, that's a bit dramatic - but whatever force is behind the simulations has some pretty obvious meddling behind it when it comes to making my life harder. Let me list them out:

Firstly: NPC's will not help me in a fight whatsoever, but might consider joining against me depending on realism and the circumstances. I remember one time, the hot blonde chick who waits at my bus stop came at me with a knife right in front of a policeman. He just whistled away while I struggled, but when I stole the knife back and stabbed her with it - he pulled out his gun and shot me! Now, most NPC's aren't that active when it comes to struggles between me and someone else when the realism is low - but if the realism is high and I try to beat Vista to a bloody pulp in the middle of the Boardwalk I get a dozen white knights trying to stop me. Luckily, they usually run like normal people when I show that I'm a cape and willing to fuck them up too so it isn't too bad so far. I don't usually see powered reinforcements, gangs or emergency services come out to gank me without a modifier in place, but that might just be a lucky coincidence or I haven't lived in those circumstances long enough to see them.

Secondly: My power hates stalling. Even ignoring modifiers that put me on a time limit, it hates to see me sit around doing nothing for a long period of time. As the timer ticks on - NPC's start to get more aggressive and hostile towards me, targets get a little bit stronger and more observant, if they have a power it seems to get a bit better at what it does, more "accidents" seem to happen around me and to top it all off, targets can seem to gain weak powers of their own if I stall for a really long time. Powers probably isn't the right word. A brute rating, perhaps. Something that stacks slowly and makes it a little bit harder, unless I really push the system and let it get out of control. I tested it on this annoying brat down the road which had some weak modifiers, probably about six or seven years old? Beat her up (She asked for it) and threw her in a basement and took the ladder away (not a rape dungeon, don't even joke about it). Lazed around for a week or so reading a book, let her out of the room and all her injuries were completely gone. She looked like skin and bones, but she really shouldn't have been alive at all. And then she shoved her fist through my chest and crushed my heart in front of my eyes. Side note: Sophia's power doesn't reattach organs even if I float through them as a cloud.

I beat her in the rematch, don't worry. Point of pride, that's all it was. Best of 1's don't count in any good competitive scene. I won the Best of 3, that's all that matters.

Thirdly: No guns.

That's it. That's the rule. I can't have them. I don't know why, but I can't find a working gun anywhere. If I take it from a gangster it misfires or explodes in my face. Grenades? Fine. Bow and arrow? Fine. RPG? Strangely enough, fine (but really hard to find). A tiny little pistol? No. A machine gun? No. Assault rifle? No.

Does that explain it? I've tried to get around it, believe me. It would make my life a whole lot easier. I disassemble the parts, put it together perfectly, test the aim and it works - but I point it at someone I don't like and the ammunition goes missing. Or it just explodes out of my hands, letting the other guy pick it up and kill me in one shot. ANNOYING.

Is that it for the meddling? I feel like I'm missing something but I can't think of what it is. Might edit this space later.

Right. That's the basics. Let's move on to modifiers. These things are almost always added on to challenges to make life harder for me. Four letter keywords, some easier to guess than others. Early challenges usually have one modifier, and as a rule challenges tend to get harder in later stages - but that might not necessarily mean more modifiers. Being locked in a room with Alexandria is going to be harder than Velocity with five separate modifiers under his belt, the scenario and surroundings is important to the difficulty too!

KEYWORDS

REAL is a realistic target going about their daily business and fighting like the real target would. They won't stick in the "boss room" waiting to be attacked. They will go to work. Have lunch. Go to bed. All of that usual stuff. They think like the real deal! Without this modifier they usually just bumrush me with their usual tactics and instincts - but with this one they actually plan and strategize. I tend to see more realistic NPC's when this is in play, but that might just be a coincidence - you can definitely get super realistic ones even without it.

GANG gives the target allies that will aggro alongside them, but these targets do not have to be killed to let me win. This doesn't have to be an actual gang or even their real teammates. It could be their friends, parents, the Wards... or an actual gang. It's usually an actual gang for most civilians. Brockton Bay sucks.

TIME is literally a timer until reinforcements arrive for the target. Every five minutes, increasingly strong enemies will spawn and come hunt me down. If the target is not aggro'd, these will attempt to disable if possible. If the target is aggro'd then they will shoot to kill immediately. They seem to start searching close to where I spawned, and the targets usually aren't too far away from there which means the time limit is particularly difficult. The escalation is nuts, in five minutes you have regular cops looking for you, by twenty minutes you have all of the Wards and the best part of the ENE protectorate after you. The Slaughterhouse 9 is in the list somewhere, the Triumvirate and even fucking Scion. Until I am literally Eidolon-tier, fifteen minutes is the beginning of the end for challenges with this timer assuming I can evade the Wards for that long.

LUST they hate me more than anything else on this Earth. Bloodlust. Normal challenges will try to kill me, in the same fashion that the real users would probably try if pushed to it. This switches off those habits and morals, and puts in some real killer instinct instead. Armsmaster would skip the halberd and probably jump to making some mini-nuke, no longer caring about casualties. Alexandria would pick up the Empire State Building full of people and drop it on me from orbit if she thought it would help. It's something close to the truly optimal usage of the targets power and body without some of the weaknesses caused by the user being a squishy, mentally weak human. I've noticed a mild tendency for overkill and particularly bloody fatalities, but it's a small sample size so who knows.

BERS turns the target into a berserker. Immune to pain, uncaring about damage, disability etc until they die. Pretty standard stuff. Think some barbarian raging on and fighting despite the fact that he has a sword in his heart or something. Sounds pretty metal, looks pretty disgusting. Bashing someone's brain in and seeing them still crawling towards you is grim stuff. It takes them a while to die, but you can speed it up by stabbing them some more or bleeding them out faster. They still die to bloodloss, they just don't fall unconscious. One or two stabs and then running away from the angry cripple is highly recommended!

ALRT instantly aggro's the target and gives them my starting location. I can run, but they will search for me. If they have a power or a defensive position I guess they could do something defensive with their time - but that hasn't come up yet. Most relevant when coupled with the next modifier:

HUNT as soon as the target is aggroed, they will never lose track of me. They can spot me through walls. They have a super-radar that will follow me across the world. They will never, ever stop following me. Of course, if my target aggroes instantly thanks to the ALRT modifier - I quite literally cannot hide from the pursuer and a rapid confrontation is inevitable.

ZONE greatly limits the area of play to a building, room, street or whatever. I can't cross the line, but my target can. My target can still die after crossing the line if I have a way to kill them - but once they get across the challenge considers them as "escaped" and essentially enrages everyone around me until they kill me. I think a TIME modifier starts as well? So there's no risk of not being able to die if the ZONE is otherwise empty.

WRLD literally opens up the world as the playing field. I usually can't get much further than the city in normal challenges. With this one, I managed to get to Miami before the anti-stalling measures got me shot in the head. Or maybe that was just Miami I don't know. That aside, typically very realistic NPC's and buildings. The internet also works sometimes, which is cool.

CAGE puts both me and my targets in a closed, white-room scenario. The distance between us varies but it's a literal cage match. The floors are this white, solid material that barely gets scratched by anything and gives off plenty of light to see by. If nobody seems to be winning or one side seems to be stalling, a weapon or gadget spawns in the centre of the room. I haven't lasted long enough in one of these past that point, but I think the room started to get smaller at that point too.

DOOM seems to be a death condition. I've only seen this once, but the challenge revolved around catching Clockblocker before he got to the end of the road. He got to the end, I instantly died. Seems to just be a instant failure - not too different than having a pure time limit, but perhaps a bit more flexible.

EVNT short for event. These are weird twists on the usual challenge. It usually means that the goal isn't to kill the guy, but to act out a given scenario and succeed in tasks until it marks itself as complete. Get through an Empire initiation? Relive Sophia's recruitment/capture by the PRT? Relieve someones weird traumatic memories? Beat the chess champion at his own game? I've seen all of them and more.

CONT FUCKING ANNOYING. Ahem. Continue. Or Continuation. Something like that. The Target remembers previous rounds fighting with me, so my "infinite retry" gimmick gets applied to them as well. If I showcase a power, they will remember it for next time. If I learn to dodge the first strike left, they'll adjust it next time and cut me in half. Because this means that I have to be really sure that I can one shot them, this is a dead-end modifier for me right now. I don't want to show off my powers, lose and then have to find a powerset that they aren't familiar with or can't adjust to.

PREP for preparation. It means they're ready for me, have information on my powers and are spoiling for a fight right out the gate. If I see this in a civilian, they've barricaded their windows and brought a gun. If I see this on Armsmaster, I cry that I won't be able to build my own ArmsCycle for a long time to come. Seriously. This is OP on tinkers. I need some inside knowledge about their countermeasures and how to screw with them before I can hope to beat them. Their knowledge, at least, doesn't seem to change unless I get another powerset, which means that their response should always be the same and I can adjust myself. I know what they know, but I also know that they don't know that I know that they know, if you get what I mean.

FOCS I have no idea what this is, but stacks of it can be applied to enemies if I fuck up a challenge - so it's a buff of some kind. My personal theory? Focus. But everyone seems pretty focused on killing me anyway, so what do I know?

CTRL Control. I guess. Same as above, never seen it in action but it can be applied to enemies so its probably bad news for me.

I think that's it for what I've seen so far. Let's talk about the last thing on my list:

REWARDS

Basically, each person has a set number of challenges. Capes seem to have more, normies tend to have less, organisations actually have them as well but I don't know much about that yet because my power needs more use before it will let me target them. If I beat a challenge, I get a reward. There are two general types of reward so far, there might be more but I haven't seen them yet.

The first type of reward is for beating capes. The first challenge, and I suspect every second challenge from that point on, will reward me with a weak version of their power that I am free to use myself from now on. I only have the first level of powers for all of my rewards so far, but they seem fairly limited compared to their original ones. I seem to only be able to select one power at a time - although multiple powers can be "active", just not selected together. Like, I can use Clockblockers power and then use Vista's and then Shadow Stalker's to shrink some space, freeze an object and phase out - but I can't do the same in reverse without waiting for Shadow Stalker's to drop, because that takes up my "selected" slot.

It should be noted that I don't always get perfect copies of certain powers. I got biological manipulation from Panacea instead of healing, the Bug Control that I got from Taylor lets me give one order and have it followed across the city - rather than the control over a wide area that Taylor has. I need to see how that changes with better versions of powers, which means more challenges to complete!

Then there's the second type of reward, which happens for all "normal" people every round and for all capes (so far) every second round. It's important to categorise what this reward does properly so here it goes: Waifu.

That's the key word here. Big. Waifu. Energy. The target has a terrible personality? Bang! Fixed. Or not fixed, depending on preference. Fuck ugly? Bang! Fixed. Hates my guts? Bang! Fixed. They're actually a boy? Bang! Fixed. Pretty much any reward from this category will go some way towards turning that person into an ideal member of my harem - and there is going to be a harem. I mean, look at my power. Please. It seems that there is some degree of my subconscious influencing these rewards, because I seem to be able to shape them slightly based on my preference at the time of victory.

Most interestingly, this seems to rewrite memories and history to a pretty deep extent. My sister and 'mother' hated my guts, and yet now, after the repeated application of Big. Waifu. Energy. I have an entire array of photos from the times we 'spent' together as a family. This mostly seems to be an attempt to justify the emotions instilled in the target, as in cases where I already know them, talk with them often or even just take the challenges slowly it seems to fill the gaps much more naturally and less intrusively. Which is good, because the history and memories aren't perfect. I have a photo of me and Clara laughing as we played on the games console together... on a game that didn't have multiplayer until the sequel the following year. I was looking for details like that and any normal person is going to brush it off as a mistake, but I think a real Thinker could spot it too - which is why I need to take advantage of the more "natural" tweaks that my power makes, even if having to socialise properly slows down my power acquisition.

In semi-related news, though I don't know if it's related to rewards, challenges or simply my natural potential unfurling after getting laid - my libido has gone crazy recently. My sex drive is off the charts. I almost didn't include it in this sheet because it's hard to put numbers on something like that - but its a notable difference.

That's everything that I can think of right now about my power. I might have missed something, but it's not like anyone is going to read this to remind me. I guess if hypothetically this was posted on a forum somewhere and people mentioned things that I had forgotten or should have probably investigated then I could correct it - but otherwise this is staying as it is. I guess I'll do another one of these in a few dozen chapters if things change notably - but until then, this is staying as the reference guide for what I knew as of Chapter Eight. Sunday. Whatever.
---

Anyway, yeah. That's all from me, your epic gamer friend XxVoid_CowboyxX. Seeing as this is a private document I guess you are all reading this from the future when I share it as I'm giving my interview after saving the world. The interview where I have Alexandria sucking my dick while I answer questions about my awesome past, Scion (the hot female version) naked in one arm, and the handles of the Armscycle held in the other (the neon-blue version - not the crap that he threw together after Lung trashed it last year). All while the hot female parahumans of the world gasp over my sheer masculinity and power. Nilbog, Chubster and Velocity are probably crying in the background about how much they suck after trying to destroy the world out of jealousy towards me. Yeah, that's right. I predicted exactly how it was going to go down all the way back here. I don't even have a pre-cog power yet - I'm just that good. :cool:

Don't get jealous, but do smash that like button, then hit subscribe and tick the bell for more notifications from your boi Void Cowboy. There's a lot more epic content to come, so be sure not to miss out!

:cool: Later haters. :cool:

Veder out!
Last edited: Jul 21, 2020
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, Truebalance and 636 others
Tamzar
Jul 17, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Nine
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Nov 13, 2020
Add bookmark
#581
Somehow, it felt like it had been weeks since the last time I was at Winslow. Which… probably wasn't as crazy as it sounded, considering how long many challenges I had been through since Friday, some taking hours if not entire days to complete. Even if it had only been two days in reality, with my mixed success at the charity event I was a different man as I crossed the school gates.

That's right. A new man. Confident. Powerful. Charismatic-

"Out of the way, dweeb." I find myself shouldered aside as a pair of skinheads pass by. A spark of irritation almost sends me on a crusade to get back at them via a challenge, but I just can't muster up the energy to have a difficult scrap with some mook that I will forget about by tomorrow. If I had an offensive power that would end the fight quickly I wouldn't be opposed to it - but if I was going to have knife fight or deadly street brawl I wanted to get some actual benefit out of it other than saving my ego.

And I suppose I was standing right in the middle of the path. I could see someone finding that annoying.

Regardless, I was going to be late if I stuck around. Cape Studies time! I practically sprint across the courtyard, through the corridor and into my usual classroom. "I'm not late!" I shoot some finger guns at Mr Gladly. "Mr G!"

"Mr Gladly"

Winslow Teacher

(DOOM)​

"You are late." He disagrees. "I think-"

Detention is lame. "Challenge." I race out the whisper.

A nice, easy DOOM modifier to start out the day. Beat the countdown, or whatever the doom flag was this time around. Then cave his skull in. Or perhaps cave his skull in first. I wasn't quite sure what the order was supposed to be, seeing as I hadn't beaten one of these yet.

Maybe it seems a bit strange for me to so happy to jump to the part where I inflict horrible amounts of violence onto my favourite teacher, but he was only my favourite because all the others were shit. And besides, it wasn't like it was actually him I would be beating up. Just a simulation. If people in this city could tolerate racists doing it every day in real life, they should be able to put up with me doing it in the privacy of my own head.

Not that anyone was asking them.

The challenge-world fills in around me, and I materialise at my desk. Staring across at Mr Gladly.

I shift into shadow state as he leaps at me, sending him tumbling ungracefully into my seat. I opt not to take the easy follow-up attack, instead, glancing around to find out what exactly this DOOM modifier was for. No timer or objective in the corner of my vision, no obvious pillar of light- well. Maybe I spoke too soon on that one. A glance out of the window spots the gibbering skull in the sky hanging directly over the school - as large and distant as any other visible cloud. It was impossible to truly state exactly what building it was hanging over, but there certainly was something happening.

And it wasn't something that Mr G was doing. He was just lunging at me constantly, trying to tackle me to the floor – ignoring any of the viable sharp objects nearby that would help him in a fight. My gaze sharpens as I hop up onto a table and leap across another row of chairs, leaving him behind as he tries to scramble upwards himself without ripping his clothes with the movement. He's trying to slow me down. Not even kill me, though I am sure he wouldn't pass it up if he was able. He's trying to stop me from… what?

What was the modifier doing? It wasn't outright telling me to go elsewhere, like the last one had. Was there an event I needed to stop? Not that I could tell. The few other students in the class speak amongst themselves, clearly disinterested as they wait for their name to be called in the register. Another student walks into the room, not even blinking at the carnage we were causing as she takes her usual seat.

Wait. I glance at the clock on the wall. 8:30 AM flat. I check the calendar. Tuesday.

Tuesday, 8:30 AM. I would normally be in a different building, about to have my first lesson of the day in mathematics.

Was my power constructing the scenario out of the circumstances leading up to me making the challenge?

Only one way to test it. Get to my usual class before my name is called in the register. I've already wasted a bit of time, but I have plenty of ways to make up for it. Mr G is just a civilian, if it was possible for me to do unpowered – then I am vastly overqualified as I am now.

I dash out into the corridor, shoving people to the side as I go. I had to run through most of the length of the school here, as opposed to an easy shot between buildings. Vistas power was slow to restore itself, so I would probably only get one shot at using it.

Cutting out the detour to the stairs would be the best use, so I opt to save it on the straight down the corridor past the rapidly thinning swarm of students working their own way into their classrooms. I burst out of the central building through the fire exit, heading straight towards the window of Ms Rothman's class in the next building over. Timing is key here. If I want to skip the stairs to make up for the time I wasted at the start, I only have one shot at it before being forced to take the long route.

Three. Two. One. Vistas power to shrink the gap between the second-floor window and myself, not quite strong enough to make it into a single step but enough that I can reach the ledge and pull myself up - shifting into my shadow state as I do so to let my momentum keep moving me up and then past the window.

I tumble into a room of disinterested students. "Nailed it."

Ms Rothman doesn't respond. "Grace Vallory."

"Present." A brunette responds absently.

"Gregory Veder." She drones.

"Yo." I raise my hand.

The lighting of the room changes, I glance back through the window to find the floating skull withering to dust - the standard blue sky replacing the ominous red it was previously emitting.

No victory screen though.

But there was Mr G. Panting hard as he races through the courtyard towards this building.

I steal my neighbour's pencil case thoughtfully. Theory: DOOM simply adds an impending failure event other than my death. If Clockblocker reaches the Protectorate HQ before me or perhaps even at all in his challenge, I lose. In this case, if I miss my name being called at register - I lose. That event can be stopped or beaten, dispelling the modifier - or simply delayed until I complete the actual win condition, which in this case is unchanged from normal:

Kill Mr G.

Which would imply, then – that a sufficiently powerful offensive power or weapon would nullify the need to worry about the DOOM modifier. If I completed the win condition before I lost, it was no different than any other challenge. A simple and irrelevant modifier like TIME, as long as I ended it fast enough.

I feel like applauding myself. Good scientific research, Greg! Sure, it wasn't particularly arduous this time - but it would have been trivial to beat the challenge without learning any more information.

I lounge around for a minute, waiting for the door to open. The moment it gets shunted open, I punch Mr G in the face. He isn't a trained fighter, or even someone with much of a build-advantage over me. That isn't to say that I am a trained fighter either, but I have experience and no sense of self-preservation or risk management – I know for a fact that if I just rush at him and beat him down, I'm going to come out on top in the end, even before my powers come into play.

He reels back and swiped out blindly with a rough swear, I step out of range of the wild counterattack - then tackle him with a flying leap. He has weight and reach on his side, but he isn't particularly fit and I have all the advantages I could ever need. He stumbles and tries to shake me, but my only aim is to drag him to the floor - and he doesn't have the leverage to resist me. He falls, and I quietly apply Clockblockers power to the pen lid clenched in my fist right in front of his face as gravity takes over. My hand stings as my momentum practically rips the object from my hands, but Mr Gladly isn't prewarned of the threat. He doesn't react in time to dodge, not even understanding the attack until it has pierced his eye.

His body comes to a stop around the time frozen object, I grip his skull hard and press down - feeling oddly little resistance as the action elicits an ugly scream from my victim which abruptly cuts off as I shake his skull like a ragdoll with the pen-lid frozen inside.

Gross.

SUCCESS

Reward: Mr Gladly+​

"-well. Just hurry up and sit down." He shakes his head, then gestures back to the board. "Getting back to the lesson. Leviathan's continued attacks on major ports soon created a shipping crisis where many ships were unable to be assigned an appropriate port that could handle them. Standard trade routes became unprofitable overnight, and ships unable to offload their cargo were sometimes even abandoned by their owners entirely."

Score. Looks like it doesn't take him liking me that much better to let him play favourites.

I shuffle down the centre of the class, glancing at Taylor in the back and sending her a grin. A chair is thrust out slightly towards me, and I turn to find Emma deliberately not looking at me with a severe frown.

Right. Don't talk to Taylor at school and I can hang around with them as they ignore her, that was the deal. I mean, I didn't do much of that anyway and she didn't seem too broken up about it either - so it was a pretty lopsided deal in my favour anyway. Besides, Emma was crazy hot and how was I supposed to say no to a girl like that?

I send Taylor an apologetic look, but she just rolls her eyes and keeps taking notes. I take the offered chair with a grin, keeping my voice well below the quiet mumbling of the rest of the class and the droning of the teacher at the front. "Miss me that much?"

"Don't get too full of yourself." Emma snorts. "I need someone to copy off of when I fall asleep."

I glance to the other person opposite her. "What's wrong with copying your friend over there? Do you think so little of her? Should I feel compelled to defend poor Julia's honour?"

Julia glances my way, an ugly sneer on her face as she recognises me. "If you really have to sit here-" She gives a meaningful look at Emma. "-then do us all a favour and shut up."

Bitch.

Julia Robinson

Winslow Student 1/4

(ALRT) (HUNT)​

"Challenge." There was a time where two modifiers on a target was scary and new. But without any powers to speak of I wasn't scared of that increasingly common combination.

I spawn in Winslow, and wait halfway up the stairs. She should come to me with these modifiers.

She comes rushing at me from the lower floor, I take the time to run up to the higher one - then phase through to the bottom as she reaches me. She turns around, taking the steps as fast as she can - until Vista's power shrinks the air between me and her next step as much as I can. She skips over four steps within the space she would usually find one - then screams as she falls thanks to her suddenly unbalanced weight, heel bouncing off the fifth and sixth steps as her head bounces off the step behind her.

Bounce. Bounce. Scream. Bounce.

I wait for the drama to stop, then I nudge her broken body with my foot. "You dead?"

No reply.

"For what it's worth-" I sigh. "I feel a bit bad that you aren't. Because that angle looks really painful. And also because I don't have anything sharp on me. Choking you out takes ages to actually count as a kill, eye-gouging is super gross and I would feel bad going for a super-tryhard neck snap on someone who is already..." You wave a hand at the unresponsive girl.

Monologuing like this is getting to be a bad habit of mine, but it actually makes me feel a lot better. These challenges are somewhat lonely, action aside. I can spend days in a row not talking to anyone if I find a group of people that I'm interested in or encounter a particularly long challenge.

I mean, I pretty regularly went days without actually talking to someone – but that was usually because I was playing games or uncovering secret power-granting conspiracies than anything else.

My foot connects with her face, sending her sliding a short distance down the corridor. This is better. It feels a bit less personal than actually getting my hands dirty. It feels a bit easier to switch back to sweet-talking people in real life when I haven't just been violently choking them out moments before.

I miss her head but hear her ribs crack on the second strike. Crack more, was probably a better way to phrase it. Her entire body was a mess at this point, I could probably go off and eat some technically-zero-calory food at the cafeteria and wait for her to die to whatever terrible internal injuries she had – but I wasn't all that hungry anymore. I boot her again, her eyes rolling around in her skull as her head spins around as far as it will go before risking breaking her neck.

I almost make it the corner before my foot passes through her body entirely on the next swing.

SUCCESS

Reward: Julia Robinson+​

"-because some of us are trying to sleep here." I hear Julia's voice continue, a quiet snigger emerging from a nearby girl who I can't pinpoint until my eyes are back to normal.

"Sorry to break the news, but at least one of us in this row needs to do the work." Emma's voice rings out, just as detail and colour return to my vision.

Not for the first time, it strikes me just how normal Emma is when it comes to anything not involving Taylor.

"Anyone would think you only want me for my brains." I mourn.

"Sounds about right." The pair nod in sync with each other. "Nailed it on the head."

I make a noise. At least they're cute. For the rest of the lesson, I resign myself to making notes.


The end of the lesson signals the start of lunchtime. Faced with the unpleasant prospect of the Monday cafeteria menu, I find myself filled with determination to make some more progress. Taylor, most notably - I should honestly have tried her third challenge already, but losing to her the first few times was just… unpleasant. Checking out the trio's challenges was also on my to-do list. I didn't want to rush and risk exposing myself to some weird master/stranger protocol that Sophia applies to her everyday life or something – but I could always throw the fight after doing some information-gathering, just to help myself succeed whenever I was ready to take it.

Let's get started.

Emma Barnes

Winslow Student 3/4

(HUNT) (EVNT)​

Same modifiers as last time. Shouldn't be too much hassle. "Challenge."

The same event conditions that I always get for Emma flash into my vision. Same old, same old.

I'm in the usual position, held down by a rather generic ABB thug. Once again, I work to free myself from the grip of the somewhat sadistic knife-wielder. One lone bug harasses the gunman, the shadow state lets me slip free of the grunt restraining me and I slap aside the approaching knife thrust as I move to rush the gunman - freezing the blade in time at the cost of a painful cut to my hand, which is in itself preferable to whatever the failed thrust did to the now-screaming gangster as he massages his hand, thumb bent at a funny angle as he pays the price for not holding the blade properly when it froze in time - all of that momentum continuing to crash into the now-rock-solid hilt.

The gunman sneers at my approach. My old bug has perished already courtesy of a lucky slap to his own face, so I target another one on him as I start to weave from side to side. A few more seconds until I had my shadow state again, the man holds his nerve and trigger finger - but promptly loses that discipline when my fly suicides into his eye. The shot goes wide and I lunge at him, not even needing the shadow state as I shrink the space between us to wrestle the gun from his grip and kick his leg sideways - not breaking it like I had hoped but still sending him clattering to the floor in pain.

My foot slams into his unprotected nose, dropping him all the rest of the way to the ground like a puppet with cut strings. His hands try to raise themselves to defend against nothing as he unconsciously groans and shudders – eyes looking around and seeing nothing before he slumps down entirely.

For a moment, I consider using Panacea's power to blind them – but after a moment I realise that the HUNT modifier meant that he didn't need eyes anyway. I had bigger problems anyway, I had been keeping half an eye on my original end of the alleyway to be ready for the grappler to give chase and knife-chick to come at me again – but I hadn't seen any movement yet. The reason for that soon becomes abundantly clear as I peer into the gloomy area I originally appeared in. Two ABB thugs on the floor. A pair of crossbow bolts sprouting out of both of them.

Sophia was nice sometimes. I didn't know why she sometimes helped on these challenges, but anything that caused me less work was something I should be happy about.

I wasn't happy though. Not when I glance a little further down the alleyway. Towards the pair of figures walking menacingly towards me.

The pair of capes.

"This definitely did not go down like this." I complain to myself out loud.

The taller man, already standing almost a full arm's length above the man behind him - waves a hand wreathed in fire.

"Die." Lung tells me.

'Fuck you.' I try to tell him. "Gkh gk." I say. Something in my throat. I bring my hand up, trying to cough to clear it properly. My hand comes away soaked with crimson.

Too slow. Too sudden. I had zeroed in on the strongest Cape in the bay about to set the entire alleyway alight, and failed to realise that the most immediate threat was already behind me. Slowly, too slowly, the man at Lungs side crumbles to ash. Oni Lee – having long since teleported behind me to slit my throat.

My body drops to the ground, blurry vision coming to focus on the man standing over me. He staggers as a crossbow bolt lands inside his torso, but otherwise doesn't react. I attempt to say something derogatory about ninjas, but I can't even properly breathe at this point. As if to add insult to injury, the man standing over me erupts into ash just like the original - which comes to settle on me like the world's most unpleasant confetti.

FAILURE ​

The hint describes the EVNT modifier again for me. Useless.

Fucking ninjas. Didn't even feel it. He didn't stick around to gloat either. Even if I tried again and lashed out with a knife at the right time, I don't think I would even land the blow on him. Even if I did, I didn't have an answer to Lung. Shadow Stalker was helping with her covering fire, but that didn't help much in this case. She would just be a momentary distraction as I ran.

Ran where? The conditions for this event were the same as the previous, if I could escape then I would win. Unfortunately, with the HUNT modifier, the only real escape was either their deaths or some place where neither Lung nor Oni Lee were able to reach. I didn't have a place like that.

I wasn't too devastated, I had planned to throw this fight anyway if I had started winning, just so that my power didn't do anything crazy to try and cover the change - which I wouldn't mind letting happen if there wasn't a Ward hanging around as her best friend. But even my plans to leave it for another few days had been schooled now. I didn't have anything that could beat Lung in a fight. Running from Oni Lee was difficult, but not impossible if I managed to cripple him at the start.

The only place I was sure that would count as a successful escape would be the Protectorate HQ in the middle of the bay, with the forcefield bridge taken down after me. Lung shouldn't grow to a point where he could make it across the bay in that time if I didn't fight him, and Oni Lee shouldn't be able to cross that gap under his own power either.

Well. I've seen videos of Oni Lee teleporting into and from mid-air before, but he doesn't do it consecutively. He building hops for a reason, so clearly there is a limit to it.

That would count, surely. In the original challenge, merely escaping a certain distance granted the victory – even though in theory those men could have searched the city block-by-block to find me. The event must allow a 'good enough' escape even if it was conceivably possibly for the pursuit to continue in another form, like Lung charging across the waters of the Bay in a speedboat.

But to get that kind of distance away from the pair I need... flight? Superspeed? The full version of Clockblocker's powerset? And something to disable the bridge. I hadn't found any easy 'on-off' button when I had spent a few challenge-days on the artificial island, but surely, I could just rip up a cable somewhere or unplug a battery to turn it off. Superstrength might be needed for that, or at least some kind of offensive power.

Not something I had now.

Damn it. How come Emma was so much harder than almost any other civilian I had ever met? Was it just the association with capes? My power realising how much I wanted this one and taunting me with it? Bad luck? I didn't know, and that annoyed me.

Moving on. Madison wasn't within speaking distance in this class – but my power didn't care.

Madison Clements

Winslow Student 3/4

(GANG) (HUNT)​

Looks like the same theme as the last two. Cut through a whole bunch of people and gank her. "Challenge."

The unpleasant sensation of wet feet is the first thing I notice. The road beneath me is torn up, puddles, pockmarks and holes scattered every few metres - to say nothing about the overflowing gutters and drains visible in every direction. Out in the city somewhere, even if it looked nothing like I would expect.

I glance around. Smashed up buildings everywhere, but some of them are at least recognisable - if only because the smashed-up pieces were still in the vicinity of each other. BB auto-repair. Candyland. Marly's Burgers. I kick over a fallen sign, loose by my feet. Boardwalk Station. 50 metres away.

This kind of devastation is a little bit unusual. Clockblocker's second challenge had been similar in the vibe that it had given off, but not quite to this extent. Or at least not in the parts that I had been going through.

I say nothing, instead quietly progressing down the street. There wasn't any obvious sign of where I might find Madison just yet, a far cry from the previous challenges where the destination was obvious relative to my starting point or as simple a matter of walking forward. A little further, just up the hill and I should have a clearer view of the rest of the Bay.

Of course, I have my suspicions about what the backstory is for this grim, wrecked version of my city. But it's only when I spot the remains of the Protectorate HQ smashed up against the mainland, visible only thanks to the lack of intact buildings the closer you got to the sea, that I know for sure.

Leviathan.

Well. A scenario of a post-Leviathan attack. I can't say that I'm all that happy to be reminded that my city is a viable target for the lamest Endbringer, but at least I can take solace in the fact that there is a much nicer city with a better port just down the coast, and that we had already done such a good job wrecking ours that he no longer had any great reason to attack us in real life.

There seemed to be more people around this area, huddled under shelter and looking around warily at the people around them as they go about their business. This must have been recent, from their perspective.

A pair of workers up ahead pull a mangled body from the rubble of a destroyed store. One shakes his head, and they both drop him and move onwards - shoving aside rubble as they work to uncover more of the fallen building.

Well. I already knew my power invented scenarios on the fly sometimes. There was no particular reason to take this as a sign of gospel truth from the future. If anything, it was the opposite – that it favoured fanciful scenarios that showed off a powerset with only the occasional glimmer of truth to be found in them. Unless I heard anything about Taylor getting murdered by Lung in the near future.

That said… it would be silly not to take the time to have a look around. I found out about the Undersiders before they had even broken properly onto the news, so there was certainly some actionable intelligence to be gleaned even from made-up scenarios. I diverge off the street, stepping over some rubble to get into a caved-in house just off the side of the street, grimacing as I spot another corpse just inside it. Relatively well preserved compared to most. By the bloodied masonry around him, a flying brick had killed him. The building kind, not the Cape kind.

On a whim, I rifle through his pockets. Wallet. Cell phone. Chewing gum. I prod the phone, humming as it lights up despite a large crack in the screen. 17% battery. May 17th 2011. No signal. A puppy as the picture on the lock-screen.

I flex my shoulders forward and back in discomfort. A few months away, even if it turned out that my power was the first to actually predict an Endbringer attack - which was highly unlikely. So, no point really worrying about it. And the best thing to do about it in any case was to get stronger and look for a nice holiday destination in May.

I never really liked questions that I don't have a good answer to, so it's a nice return to normal when I get shot twice in the torso from behind.

I stagger forward and wheeze as my breath leaves me, already turning to my shadow state and rushing my attackers coming out of it - dodging a further hail of bullets as the pair of scruffy attackers back up and empty their magazines at me. I stumble as I leave the state a second later, but manage to select Vista's power and shrink the gap enough to let my last lunge stretch just the final metre so that I make contact with the closest ambusher. Not Madison, unfortunately. I wrestle the gun from him as his partner scrambles to reload, an easier task than expected - thanks to him very clearly panicking at the reveal of my cape-hood. Cape-dom. Cape-ishness. Whatever.

I jam the gun into his mouth and pull the trigger uselessly. Well. I don't know what I expected there from an empty gun, even if my power didn't hate using them. I blame the shock. I freeze the gun, frown as it fails to apply - then nod in understanding as I successfully freeze it after pulling it slightly away from touching the inner walls of his mouth.

Between the frozen gun and the ground, I don't think he can escape considering how deep the barrel has gone. I spit blood at him.

Pointless, of course. I can't heal from this. I'm dead.

But if the bullets had hit a more convenient spot, or I had just a single more power - I could totally beat up the other guy, come back and execute this one and make it out of the ambush with a decent KDA. That would save my ego, at least.

No shadow state for a few more seconds. Vista's space shrinks too slowly. Clockblocker's power is already in use.

"Next time." I roll over onto my back to address my killer, who has finished his reload. I memorise the face. Not quite shabby enough to be a full-fledged Merchant, but very clearly homeless and desperate. I send a fly to bat at his eyes out of spite. "You die first. Cold blood."

The gun levels with my head.

Bang.

FAILURE

Hint: Some environments are inherently dangerous without any input from your target. Whether its finding yourself in the middle of an active battle, landing in the wrong place at the wrong time or simply becoming the victim of the fallout from a previous fight - make sure to watch your step when in unfamiliar territory!​

I snort. It wasn't like I was going to make a habit of getting jumped by normies. I didn't really get much scouting done this time, but I could probably assume, given the setting of an Endbringer attack aftermath, that I could find her in some shelter or temporary community, surrounded by a bunch of people who would die to protect her.

And the sight of a relatively well-off guy walking along the street was sure to incite greed in every other greedy or desperate soul on the way there.

Annoying. But not hard. Not in the way Emma's was. It would just need a few attempts to narrow down the search area and a good path to not get shot in the back while getting there. I wasn't likely to lose to a gunman I could see and react to, but if I was already hit then I didn't have a way to fix that.

I shake my head to myself, drawing a strange look from the girls at my table. Enough. On to the real prize. Sophia had that pesky CONT modifier, which I had initially thought would just hold me back from victory entirely. Exposing my powers and failing would just make the next time even harder when she remembered to be ready for them when I tried again.

But the more I thought about it, maybe that wasn't such a bad thing. It wasn't a complete shut-out. Not to the extent of completely avoiding her. Really, my current powers weren't anything I needed to hide. At some point I would get the electric New Wave guy, who's name I had forgotten again - and I would just win every time. It wasn't a slow struggle to catch her out, but instead a binary checklist about if I had a power that countered her or not.

I could afford to try a theory. The worst-case scenario left me in my current position, unable to progress at all until I got a specific power. The best-case left me with a chance, however slim, on top of a sparring partner of sorts.

Sophia isn't looking at me as I slide my eyes over to her. "Challenge."

I don't waste any time, sprinting through the centre of the cordoned off area as fast as I can. "Shadow Stalker!" I yell out into the night. "I want to talk!"

If she doesn't respond, I've lost nothing. I continue running, shouting at the top of my lungs as I go.

On the fifth yell and my second pass through the central street, a crossbow bolt plants itself in front of my feet.

I fight to keep the grin off my face. The fact that she didn't immediately shoot to kill was some supporting evidence for the feasibility of my plan.

"What do you want?" She's lazing atop a dumpster in an alleyway on the other side of the road. "You're scaring off all my prey."

"I-" I thump my chest. "-would like to fight you." Somehow, I dodge the next crossbow bolt that goes sailing through where my head was. "Hey! Fuck you."

The masked vigilante shrugs. "You asked."

"No, let's talk first." I sigh. "Firstly, you know that this... situation is just going to repeat itself, don't you?"

"Sure." She agrees easily, like agreeing that the sky was blue.

"No strong feelings about that?" I probe, but she just tilts her head - and that mask doesn't give me any expressions to work with. "Well, look. I think I can beat you. In a fight, I mean. I can't stop you from running if you wanted to, but why don't we just agree that you come here and beat me up before going and killing your Nazi for the day. Without using the crossbow. That's lame."

A hockey mask isn't great for bemused looks, but that's what I get all the same. "I'm getting mixed messages here, but why would I ever agree to that?"

"Firstly, I'm going to tell you my current powers. I'm going to beat you entirely without them, and when I do - you let me arrest you willingly." That was the other problem. She needed to be alive, but she would escape while conscious. Injuring her with a new power would be a delicate thing within the time limit, especially with only one shot before she was ready for it next time and likely unwilling to talk after the deception.

But this Sophia was one of the closest 'Real' NPCs that I had seen. A cliche but impassioned speech about her hometown, a negative opinion of the PRT and now a casual conversation with me. She could be reasoned with. She had an ego. She wasn't 'tryharding' or even trying to win, she was just being herself. The scenario was built around her, she was just existing in it.

I continue. "Secondly, I'm the only interesting fight you'll ever get in this event. You can only shoot the same few Nazis so many times before it gets old, right? Thirdly-"

"You would be surprised at how long that can keep me entertained." She drawls sardonically, not sounding even slightly sorry for interrupting. " I'm listening, but tell me your powers first."

This sounds stupid, on the face of it – but I'm sure that this is the only way that the current me can handle this challenge. Not the first time. Not even on the fifth, but eventually… "Limited striker biokinesis. Literally skindeep, I can wear gloves if it's a problem but I can't do anything to that costume anyway." I wiggle my fingers.

"Striker?" Head tilt.

I raise my eyebrows. Not a cape nerd then, if this is right at the start of her career. "Touch based. Need to poke your skin."

"Right." She makes a 'carry on' gesture.

I pick up a pebble and toss it upwards. "I can stretch and squeeze empty air, but only one application at a time and its slow to undo itself." The stone spins erratically as it seems to fall slower for a moment. I poke it to freeze it. "And a timestop effect for one non-clothing, non-person object." I erupt into shadow and pass my hand through the rock. "A weaker version of your power with a cooldown as well."

She flexes her shoulders. "Is there-"

"I can also control one bug." I interrupt.

The black superheroine waits for me to continue. The silence extends. "That's it?"

"That's it." I confirm.

"One?" She sounds incredulous.

"Just one." I assure her.

Sophia regards me inscrutably. "Lame." I nod. "Just so you know, this loop shit carries forward to any future rounds with another loop - so if you screw me on this, I will make the next one of these impossible out of pure spite." I wince, but make a mental note of the admission. I was really hoping that wouldn't be the case, if only so that I had better odds with Armsmaster and other Tinker/Thinkers than anything else. "So, if you have anything else you want to add..."

"Nothing else. I'm dead serious. You and me. Mano-e-womano. No powers for me. No weapons." I bring my hands up with a challenging gesture.

"And I still get powers?" She pushes, as if she can't quite believe what I'm saying.

"Yes." I confirm.

"You're crazy." Shadow Stalker laughs. "I'm basically invincible in a straight fight, you don't stand a chance."

I stood a tiny chance. Far larger than I ever had of actually trying to hunt her down. Even if this approach was a dead end, I wasn't any worse off if I got my auto-win electric powerset. Especially if she got used to coming and fighting me in melee. Sure, later rounds would become near impossible if she held a grudge – but at least I would have made some progress.

And even if I didn't beat her. If I could get enough of her respect over time...

"Come try it then." I taunt.

That seems to have done it. She tosses the crossbow aside and slips off of the dumpster, swaggering forward with all of the confidence that a heavyweight champion had walking towards the fresh blood in the ring. "What was the other thing?"

Now it's my turn to tilt my head. "Hm?"

"The third thing. You were listing off reasons why I should do it. You looked like you were going to say something else before I asked about your powers." She doesn't stop walking. Twenty steps.

"Oh." I nod. "Yeah, well you've been talking with me for-" I check the timer. "-three entire minutes now. I reckon that's enough time for you to really want to punch me in the face."

Ten steps. She snorts. "That's a fair point." Five steps. "I agree."

I look affronted. "Actually, that was just a jo-"

And then she punches me in the face.

FAILURE​

I swipe away the usual hint, nursing my no-longer bruised and battered body. I, obviously, got completely destroyed.

She's not as good or smooth with her power as the current Sophia is, but without being able to blindside her with a cheap trick that doesn't matter as much.

Still. I hit her, a bit. Mostly by accident, but I did hit her.

And now I had plenty of opportunities to try again. I shake my head as my vision fills back in. If anything, I could just consider this as the equivalent of martial arts training – except I get beaten to a pulp on the regular instead of learning how to punch a board for an hour.

I glance at Sophia as she talks to Madison and check the timer. One hour. Nice and short, compared to the usual.

Well. I would keep trying. As long as I didn't break our agreement, I was in with at least a small chance.

But for now, it was time to go and beat up Taylor. I had never actually gotten around to attempting her third challenge, but I had high hopes that beating it would lead to an expansion on the horribly weak power I had gotten from her the first time.

Fortunately, Taylor was already in the cafeteria. Sat strategically close to the exit and facing our table, presumably to keep an eye on the Trio and any cronies that they sent her way.

Taylor Hebert

Skitter 3/8

(GANG) (EVNT)​

I glance at the title of the challenge. A cape name? Probably another future event, unless Taylor had decided to do anything with her powers for once. "Challenge."

I take a moment for my vision to clear, straining my ears to make out a conversation in progress before I could even see the participants.

"-teen minutes. We won't be any longer than that." I turn my head around at Taylor's voice, still recognisable despite the outright villainous costume and mask. "Stay put, stay quiet, we'll be gone before fifteen minutes are up. You'll be free to give your statement to the police and then go about your day as usual. This isn't a TV show, this isn't a movie. If you're thinking about being a hero, don't. You'll only get yourself or someone else hurt."

I glance around me quietly. A bank? I glance at the slavering hounds towering over the group, I remember those. This was the group that jumped me on her last challenge, except not quite so fast to bite people in half this time. The capes at her side certainly looked villainous enough, even without the blonde leaving a pistol on full display.

Taylor, are you really robbing a bank with your criminal friends?

PREVENT THE BANK ROBBERY

NO CASUALTIES​

I wince as the event objectives enter the corner of my vision.

"This is a black widow spider-" Right. You are definitely robbing a bank with your friends. If I had any doubts about my power being a good influence on you, they were gone now. Why would you even bring a Black Widow to a bank robbery? If this went south, you would wake up in the Birdcage – you do know what that is, right? Taylor?

I'm not even sure that I'm mastering her with my power for myself anymore, it's practically a public service for her own good at this point.

I shuffle backwards quietly, hoping to sneak around the corner out of sight while they had their backs to me - but at the exact moment I move backwards, Taylor's speech cuts off and she spins towards me.

How? I was quiet!

I shift my weight to my right leg, preparing to make a dash for safety - get a little bit more information from the scenario. It's not to be, I'm foiled - not by Taylor's encroaching swarm which I was watching with caution, but by the slight movement of the blonde at her side. I spot the gun a fraction of a second too late, reach for Sophia's power a moment too slowly. My head snaps backwards, the bullet planting itself neatly between my eyes as my power activates after the lethal wound has already occurred.

Sophia's power can heal light cuts and injuries with repeated use, over a long period of time - skin knitting together just a slight bit more every time I return to corporeality. But there's nothing to be done with this, it's too serious - too sudden. I'm dead before I even exit the Shadow State.

FAILURE

Hint: Certain EVNT missions may provide you with independent allies that may assist you with your tasks. Going out of your way to assist them might give you the crucial edge you need later!​

I consider the hint for a moment. If this was based on a predicted scenario of a bank robbery then it only made sense that the Protectorate would respond. The Protectorate might be home to a few known jobbers, like Velocity, but Dauntless or Armsmaster alone would probably demolish these amateurs.

The test then, was to escape their attention for long enough that the Protectorate could clean up - while also stepping in to stop them from executing the hostages when things got tough.

I glance at Taylor's timer as she continues to eat, two hours. Not bad. Next time I would have to work out what exactly set the gang off about my movements, was it a power from one of the relative unknowns? The PHO wiki barely had any information about the group, so some kind of sensory power from the girl in the purple bodysuit wouldn't be a huge shock.

Or... no. Taylor was the one who had reacted first. The blonde had simply followed her lead. Why would Taylor notice, but no-one else? Had I stepped on a bug, causing her to notice when it abruptly vanished? I didn't have enough information about how her power worked to be sure, but I had time to experiment now.


The next morning, I'm up bright and early to stalk Taylor as she slips into school - aiming to get the timer started as soon as possible.

It's a quick round. This time, I drop into my shadow state right at the start of the speech. I didn't move, just let the power activate. When Taylor spins around and I find myself riddled with holes again – I die knowing two more things.

Firstly, I wasn't discovered by something related to time or movement. No sensory powers that happened to brush over me at the wrong time, no hidden tripwire or something that had set mental alarm bells ringing.

And secondly, it was definitely Taylor that noticed me. My shadow state didn't make a sound, so that logically meant that she was sensing me through her bugs. She obviously couldn't see through them directly or she would have aggro'd immediately, but there must be a bug on me somewhere that she can sense the position of – just like the rest of the hostages, even if the villains all had their backs to me unlike them. When that bug suddenly loses its place to stand and flies around, or when I start to move around – she can feel it moving and reacts accordingly.

Fortunately, I think I have a way around that. Find the bug. Tap it with Clockblocker's power and see if I can get away. The bug certainly won't move, and it might even just disappear from her senses entirely while it was frozen.

Throughout the rest of the school day, I alternate challenges between Taylor and the rest of the Trio. Madison's challenge is spent wandering the streets trying to find an Endbringer shelter – until I fully engage all three of my brain cells and spend my lunch pouring over a map of the Bay online to work out where I need to go relative to my likely starting point. No luck yet thanks to the insane gang presence on the streets, but it was only a matter of time.

I didn't even bother with Emma. Not until I had another power to help out. As for Sophia, like clockwork I went to find her every hour – we would meet up at the same place within the challenge and she would beat the living daylights out of me. Not much progress yet, but it's only been a day.

At the end of the school day I hang by the exit, waiting for Taylor to pass by. She hustles through at a pace, not catching a bus but instead hurrying down the street – apparently opting to walk home today instead. I would normally be content to let her go, but I had just under seven minutes left on her timer before I could rechallenge her – and it wasn't like I had anything better to do by getting home a few minutes faster, even if I was likely to miss my bus by following her.

I wasn't a stalker, I was just following her home. No big deal. Not even the full way home, I just needed to get a quick look at her and then we were sorted.

She glances behind her warily, but I'm still close enough to the school gates that I'm indistinguishable from the crowd. Taylor rounds a corner. Six minutes. I slow myself down as I follow, her looking back and seeing me would probably be seen as a bit creepy. She didn't have any reason to spot me and drop a bug onto me, so I was likely safe from that for now.

At the same time, I didn't want to get too far away from her. I don't know exactly where she lives – although she does get the local bus sometimes so it can't be too close to the school. Walking distance, but still preferable to catch the bus on its last few stops in if the timetable works out.

I continue to trail her. Five minutes. Four. Three. Two. Then, all of a sudden – I find Taylor sprinting back around the corner towards me, a panicked look on her face as she dodges around me to get past.

What?

"Get her!" A trio of boys rounds the corner a few seconds later, typical football players by the looks of it. I didn't think they were in any gangs, if only by the lack of shaven heads the lack of any signs of drug abuse. Just weirdos chasing a girl through the streets.

Somehow, I just knew this was Sophia's fault.

But, I'm not at school. I don't have any particular need to not step in, I could always plead ignorance if it was a problem – and anyone would assume that a crime was happening if they saw the scenario anyway.

Three strong, muscly guys – a tough fight for me to keep them down without a weapon, but not all that hard. I stretch my leg out to trip one of them. He clatters heavily on the sidewalk like a ton of bricks, bouncing heavily as his two cronies pause and stare at me. Two strong, muscly guys. Much easier to handle.

"That was a big fucking mistake you just made." The boy on the left informs me.

I roll my eyes. I did fights like this all the time. These guys didn't know it, but they didn't stand a chance against my-

I blink.

I can't use my powers without outing myself.

"Sure." I nod, vigorously. "I, uh, had a spasm and my leg just jerked out at the wrong time. It's a medical condition, I can show you the doctors note?"

"I'll give you a medical condition!" He promises as he charges at me way faster than I can run.

How do I fight people without killing them again? Without using my powers? I raise my hands into an uncertain block, an easy dodge past the first punch – countering with a sneaky left hook that would have worked against someone my own size, not a bordering-seven-foot behemoth of pure muscle. The only power I could use that wouldn't out immediately wasn't exactly well suited to fighting, but I didn't have much choice. "Chall-" The next punch slides past my guard and into my chin, sending my head spinning and cutting off my words in my mouth.

I backstep a kick swinging from the side, but don't have an answer to the flying tackle from his friend, sending my plummeting to the ground in his arms.

A kick into my stomach, another punch to the head and then to the torso. The other guy lets me go but I'm still struggling to defend myself on the ground – trying to shield myself from a series of consecutive kicks to the torso as the third guy gets up and joins in.

Pain. Each kick sure to leave a bruise that will last for weeks, but as long as I can keep my head shielded then nothing is going to kill me. Not that they are particularly trying to kill me, just teach me a real lesson in keeping my nose out of other people's business.

"Hey, what the fuck is that?" One of them asks, stepping away from me.

"What? Oh, shit." Both of the others back away too. I turn my gaze up the street where they are looking, spotting a massive black cloud weaving from side-to-side in the street.

"That's some cape bullshit. Let's get the fuck out of here." The three scramble off, leaving me behind.

I wait for my vision to stop pounding, watching the black cloud as it starts to splinter off and dissipate into streams of bugs heading down into alleyways and gutters.

Thank you, Taylor. You're a hero. Apart from the times when my power thinks you're a villain, but I fully intend to save you from that – no need to thank me!

"Greg!" Speaking of, the girl in question seems to have come back for me. "What were you thinking? They were chasing me!" Taylor touches a hand to my face, fingers coming away streaked with a bit of red. "Jesus, you're a mess. Should I go and get an ambulance?"

"No." I shake my head. "I'll be fine. Honestly. A little beaten up, but nothing I can't handle." I push myself to my feet shakily. Shadow Stalkers power should heal me a bit if I could start to apply it in bursts when I was alone.

A frown appears on her face. "That doesn't look like nothing. Where do you live? I can at least see you there in one piece."

"Out towards Captain's Hill. I'll make it there alright – don't worry about me." I flex my shoulder, wincing in pain as I do so. "I usually get the bus, but taking a bit of a detour on the walk now and then is good for me – and I'm just looking at PHO on my phone anyway so there's no great loss for me."

"That's pretty far to walk when your face looks like that." She crosses her arms. "Let me take you to a busier street, at the very least. If only to make sure you don't get mugged on the way there or those boys come back to try their luck again."

If this was anyone else, I would probably protest and ease my way out of it. But didn't this play into exactly what I wanted? I raise my hands in surrender. "Sure, sure." I mime putting my hands out for the metaphorical handcuffs. "Take me away, boss."

She flicks one of my knuckles, causing me to pull back with a noise of complaint. "Don't be like that. It's the least I can do, especially when you got hurt helping me out in the first place. Are you…?" She trails off as she sees that I can stand and walk on my own.

"Not as bad as I look. What was up with those guys anyway?" We start walking again. "This isn't usually a rough part of town."

She scowls. "Emma or one of her cronies probably asked them to chase me around. They've been following me after school for the last few days, I keep taking detours but I just walked right into them this time." She pinches her stomach with a grimace. "I've been meaning to start jogging for other reasons as well, and I guess this is just the push I needed to start. I'm pretty sure that those boys weren't, you know, like that – but I might not be so lucky next time."

"I guess so." I clear my throat, then whisper to myself. "Challenge."

Instantly, the pain and oncoming bruises fades away to nothing. Apparently, being dropped in as baseline Greg included a distinct lack of injuries as well. Good to know.
My attempts throughout the day hadn't been entirely wasted. The spider on the back of my left shoulder doesn't react as I reach my arm up to tap it and apply Clockblocker's power. Last time I had opted to just hide in a corner behind a particularly large decorative plant until the speech ended, but that had only lasted long enough for the blonde to turn around – spot the floating spider in the air and then immediately order her friends to investigate my heading spot. No use.

I couldn't even rely entirely on my time-stop not lasting as long this time, because the moment the spider started to fall, Taylor would notice and turn around – allowing the obvious Thinker of the group to point me out again. Now that I can safely turn my head to see the spider, I grab my bug-control power and order it to scuttle away to safety when it unfreezes. Hopefully that removes it from Taylor's senses. I shouldn't stay here to find out though, even if I might get away with it this time.

No, this time – I was escaping outside. I wanted to let the entire thing play out as it should, then work out where I needed to intervene in order to succeed. I slip through the wall in my shadow state, feeling the very edge of my form pass perilously close to a cable before I reform. A bit further to the left next time.

I hum to myself, letting the minutes pass as I wait for something to happen. My eyes get drawn down the steps leading up to the bank and I swear to myself. Not Armsmaster, not Dauntless, not Miss Militia. The Wards. Good for numbers, but not so good for actually putting up a fight against a superhero team.

They seemed content to ignore me as I perch by the entrance, despite being in plain view. Most likely they would continue to ignore me unless I interacted with them directly. That was fine.

The Wards don't seem to have any plans to engage quite yet, at least, until a flood of freed hostages barrel out of the bank with a yell. The supervillain team following them out just a moment later, half-coated in a cloud of darkness that rapidly spills out into the surrounding street.

I continue to stay as far out of the way, trying to maintain my viewpoint without revealing my out-of-the-way position to the villains. The darkness controller was making sure to pull back their cloud periodically, likely to let his allies reposition and a new swarm of bugs to retarget on a new Ward. Aegis was down, somehow – No. That wasn't right. The mass of frozen bugs around his body would mean that was Clockblocker. Aegis is the guy in Clockblocker's suit, being torn up by the dogs. Vista and Kid Win are being harassed by a bug swarm and the clown guy.

Where is Taylor? She isn't by the entrance, or I would spot her from here. I glance up and around, spotting her at an upper-floor window directing her swarms. Lovely. It's small comfort that she hasn't picked me out yet from her vantage point, likely too focused on the bright costumes of the Wards and her friends to spot me in my plain clothes near a mass of huddled hostages.

It's probably too difficult to- I stumble as the ground shakes and a booming noise thunders out from behind me.

FAILURE​

What? I spin around, trying to work out who died before my vision fades – but it's too hard to tell for sure, because there's just too many potential candidates. Vista is falling down to the ground in shock, a hefty chunk blown out of her side by Kid Win's cannon for some reason. Aegis is half-torn to shreds by one dog… probably still alive, knowing him – but he probably wishes he wasn't. Clockblocker has stopped moving, whether through his power or simply choked to unconsciousness or death. Gallant and the new guy are stuck inside the darkness clouds with at least one of the dogs and could be in any state at all, and the Thinker inside the building could well have shot someone randomly as well.

My vision whisks away to nothing. I suppose it was too much to hope that the incident would peacefully resolve itself without my intervention. My best bet is to engineer a Wards victory outside the bank, then allow them to claim victory on their own once victory becomes impossible for the villains. What could I do? Saving Clockblocker would be the biggest win. Taylor hard-countered him, but he hard-countered everybody else. He could just run at the dogs and force them to run away or be frozen, the clown would lose his weapon trying to tag him, I didn't see any guns apart from the Thinker's and the instant anyone was tagged they would wake up in a bubble of containment foam.

Unfortunately, that meant taking out Taylor, which would instantly aggro the entire GANG modifier against me and possibly prompt a hostage or two to be shot.

The Thinker first then, alone with Taylor inside the bank. If I was quiet and didn't have a bug on me, Taylor shouldn't notice with all of her attention outside. Engaging the reinforcements didn't usually trigger aggro against me unless they called out, only when I actually got spotted by the main target or when they were alerted.

Would I even be fast enough though? I could beat the Thinker, unless she had a combat specialty, but Clockblocker had gone down fast at the start. I would need to stop his death, Vista's and potentially the other two who I hadn't seen within the darkness. I couldn't expect the villains to hold back to their usual levels within my simulations, which made the dogs particularly dangerous to my goals when they were done using the brutes as chew toys.

"Greg?" Taylor's concerned voice draws me from my thoughts.

I turn my head towards Taylor. "Hm?"

"You're spacing out. Are you sure you're alright to walk?" She holds a gate open, leading the way up a short garden towards a plain, nondescript house.

"I'm fine. Just thinking about-" How to stop a simulation of you and your criminal buddies from murdering the Wards and being thrown in the Birdcage? Not exactly something I can say out loud. "-that cape from earlier."

"Oh?" Taylor shifts her posture slightly and slows her pace. "I didn't really see much of it, but I guess you mean that cloud of bugs – right? What did you think of her?"

Taylor, you are an abysmal liar. Is this what happens when you don't have real conversations with people for a year or two straight? "Her? I didn't see whoever it was that was controlling them, but you did? There goes my Case 53 theory. What did she look like?"

"Um." She starts eloquently. "I, uh, didn't see much. Just some figure in an alleyway as I went past that looked like she was controlling them. Couldn't really make out many details-"

"But she definitely looked feminine." I make a great show of stroking my chin. Taylor. If your outfit looks anything like the one I just saw in the bank robbery, nobody would suspect you of being a girl at a glance. "She must be fairly new, I haven't heard of any new capes in this part of town recently."

"What do you think about her? Glad to have another hero in the city? Or not useful enough to really matter?" She's following me past where we should probably have split off, but I elect not to comment.

"She might not be a hero, but her power seems pretty strong if it works the way I think it does." I studiously ignore the squawk at the suggestion that she might not be a hero.

She defends herself. "But she saved you, right? That's not something a villain would do to announce themselves. They would go and kill someone or-"

"Rob a bank." I nod sagely. "It could have just been a whim for her, or a bit of practice for her power. The fact that we haven't seen her in the news means she's probably independent for now. Seeing as she hasn't joined the Wards already, she'll probably join a gang soon enough."

"A gang?" She splutters. "Maybe she just doesn't want to join the Wards for personal reasons?"

I pause. Did she already know about Shadow Stalker being Sophia? That would be a pretty good reason not to join up. She was taking that way better than I expected. "Whatever the reasons, something like 80% of new capes that don't side with the Protectorate either die or join a gang within six months of triggering." Quote from Armsmaster. Crimewatch, season 3, episode 2. One of the worst shows I've ever watched to completion. It got canned for a good reason, but it did have some nice guest appearances. Inflated numbers because they called Toybox, among other neutral parties, gangs, but Taylor didn't need to know that.

"Triggering?" Taylor tilts her head at me.

"Getting powers through a traumatic event." Or buying them from the lizard people controlling us all from the shadows. Like me. Taylor, you are a cape – you should know this stuff.

"Oh. Well. I think she'll be fine. Just you wait, in six months time – she'll be the best superheroine in the city." She pumps her fist through the air.

"I like the optimism." I drawl. I nod my head down the street. "I live just over there, guess I made it after all."

She blinks, apparently just realising how far we've walked. "O-oh. I should probably head back then. It was nice talking to you without Emma, you know-"

"I know. But if it keeps her off your back then it all works out." I shoot her finger guns. "You never pinged me on PHO! We should talk more often on there, even Emma can't get mad about that."

"I don't have a computer." She admits. "And I haven't been to the library for a while."

Who goes to the library for internet access? Is Taylor actually my grandmother in disguise? "Just use your phone then?" I give her a funny look as she makes a sheepish expression. "You do have a phone, right? I always assumed you just left it at home because of Sophia and Emma-"

She looks a little flustered. "I've never really needed one, and Dad doesn't like them for… reasons." She squirms as my pitying look increases in intensity. "Which is fine! You don't really need a phone. It's perfectly possible to get by without having one." Stare. "We have a landline!"

"Just digging yourself more of a hole, Taylor." I shake my head. "Well. When you decide to re-join the rest of the world in the 21st​ century, then hit me up. Even if it's only to complain about school and how annoying Emma is being."

"I will, I will." I am 110% sure she's just going to visit the library. Am I the bully now? Seeing Taylor squirm is kind of fun. I feel like a kind of get Emma a bit more now. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow."

"Bye!" She sends me a rare smile as she spins on her heels to turn back the way she came.

I wave farewell as I march the last stretch towards home.

Alice screams when she sees me, apparently, I look pretty bad – but I have definitely felt worse a dozen times over in the last few days alone. I assure her that it looks worse than it is, promising to let her inspect me once I cleaned up.

'Cleaning up', of course, referring to standing in the shower, activating my shadow state on cooldown for almost ten minutes straight. The light cuts on my face and the bleeding from hitting the uneven ground is fixed within two activations. The bruises take longer, flaring up in intensity and pain before fading to pink again. It's a good thing the bruises hadn't fully shown their colours to anyone else before I got in here, otherwise, somebody might get a bit suspicious about how fast I healed. Taylor might have noticed if she saw me right this second, but we weren't often face-to-face at school so I wasn't worried.

Still. I had gotten a bit lucky. My body in real life wasn't quite up to a fight against a serious opponent without the use of powers or weaponry. It was fine if I was beating up a girl or already had the advantage, but this time it was the other way around – I needed to get more skilled. Or more muscly.

And I had just the right idea to fix that.

Right after I got my own back, of course.

Mini-Interlude:

Kalin swears lightly at his friends as they quietly add another weight to his load, as if he wouldn't notice. "You guys suck." He grouses. "No respect for the injured man."

"No respect for the guy who got dropped by the little pipsqueak nerd while we had to come in and save your ass." Adam agrees. Prick.

"He tripped me up! I hardly 'got dropped'. I got back up in the end." Probably gave the little nerd a concussion that would last until next week, or would have if the creepy bugs hadn't shown up.

"Let's not pretend either of you did anything useful." Jake quietly works his way through his sit-ups, having long since swapped out as Kalin's spotter. "You both embarrassed yourselves against someone half your size. It doesn't matter if you beat him up after the fact, it's still a pretty abysmal performance."

"Sucker punch." Kalin grumbles, completing the last of his repetitions and swinging his legs across to land on the gym floor. "Wouldn't happen a second time."

"Doesn't need to happen a second time. Julia paid up." He sits up that.

"Let's see?" A phone screen is angled his way. A grinning face, a lack of clothing and only the barest pretence of dignity provided by one well-positioned finger. He whistles loudly. "God damn that girl has a body to die for."

"Or scare the shit out of another girl for, apparently-" Adam stops talking as the door opens and closes quietly. "Well. Hello again."

Kalin glances over, almost doing a spit-take as the piece of shit nerd that tripped him practically waltzes up to the trio. "Hey." The younger boys eyes practically glow with malice. "You weren't talking about me, were you?"

"We were, actually." He growls, stepping around the machine to stand in front of the nerd - ignoring the creepy mouth movements the boy was making. Creepiest of all was how it took a solid few seconds for him to start to follow him with his eyes. Did he actually get a concussion out of that mess yesterday? Or was he just naturally this stupid?

"Well." He mutters something under his breath again – barely audible even at this range. "I actually came here to make sure that there were no lingering hard feelings between us."

"After you attacked me?" Kalin pauses. It wouldn't be right to be that aggressive here. This was Adam's friend, after all. Even if he was a dumbass.

"I didn't even realise that it was you." The boy confesses. Kalin nods. That was good, he had always felt that there was a… respect of some kind between the two of them. "I just saw three huge guys chasing a girl and my body just moved on its own."

Kalin grins, that does sound like Greg. Zero thought behind anything he does. No consideration for the consequences.

Jake speaks up, not stopping his routine for a second. "Sounds bad when you say it like that, but we were just trying to scare her a bit. A hot chick asked Adam to do it in exchange for nudes. Girls are crazy, man."

Adam laughs. "I'm not usually the kind of guy to spread it around, but I know you're pretty cool about stuff like this. Here, have a flick through." He tosses the phone through the air.

Kalin stretches his arms up into the air. "I guess we should probably apologise as well. I was kind of pissed off, wasn't really thinking straight. Hope we didn't mess you up too bad?" Greg was still glancing between them, muttering to himself every now and then in between glances at the pictures.

Greg glances at Kalin, before an angry, somehow almost disappointed, expression crosses his face. "Fuck." He gets a curious head tilt in response. "Nothing. Yeah, it's fine. Already forgotten about it." He turns to Eve and Jacqueline. "What about you two? Not feeling bad at all?"

Jacqueline stops her press-ups for the first time in the conversation. "You big baby, want me to kiss it better?" She strolls forward with a smirk, showing off the vast difference in height. "I would have done exactly the same to anyone else if they had pulled a stunt like that. It looks like the lesson didn't ruin your pretty face, so I think you came out of it alright in the end." She blandly pulls his face directly into her chest with a smirk, suffocating him with her mounds on either side. "That makes it a bit better, right? You little perv."

The other girl in the trio waits for Greg to be released before speaking. "I don't apologise to anyone, but at least I ain't as much of a prude as her." With that, she pulls her sports bra up to expose her tits to the world without a shred of shame.

"Stop flashing the guy. You're only embarrassing yourself." Kalin laughs. "Now he knows for sure that you use pads."

"It's true." Jacqueline adds with faux-sadness. "Filling out even that tiny little bra of hers is just a bit too much right now."

The subject of their teasing covers herself again, red-faced. "Quality over quantity! Greg appreciates them." She whirls on Kalin. "And don't you laugh! Or should I start making jokes about how your needle dick barely makes a bulg-"

"I have to go." Greg interrupts, looking a little harried. He tosses the phone back to Eve.

Kalin blinks as Greg practically sprints out of the door. "What was that about?" It wasn't that he was concerned for a friend, because they weren't really friends. In fact, they've barely ever talked to each other apart from today – but they saw each other around the school and indirectly interacted. There was a mutual understanding there, or something like that. A kind of respect that didn't need to be acknowledged or justified.

Eve regards her phone for a moment. "At a guess, he might know a friend in a bad part of the world right now." She shows him the screen. "Looks like the smurf is about to descend on Canberra."

"Shit." Kalin pauses. "Where-"

She rolls her eyes. "Australia, dumbass."

"I'm the dumbass?" He retorts. "This is coming from you? Who had to leave all of your shit in the men's changing rooms because you can't line up enough brain cells to remember a 4-digit code for the women's? I can't believe this."

"Whatever. I guess that means school is cancelled for today." She cheers lightly. "Greg should have stuck around, I'm buying a pizza to celebrate the day off and I'm not sharing with you losers."

"Celebrating because an Endbringer is attacking? Kind of morbid." Jacqueline remarks.

"I'm not celebrating, I'm pre-emptively mourning. With pizza." The other girl justifies.

"Is that any better?"

"It totally is!"


Greg POV

Shit. Shit. Was I going to be too late? Probably not, but I should still hurry.

I doubted the teleporters would have come straight to Brockton Bay, given the relative lack of heavy hitters who went to Simurgh fights – so I could probably count on reaching the usual staging area in decent time.

I would be the first person to tell a new cape that going to an Endbringer fight was dumb. I didn't need telling.

But all of those capes. All in one place. I was almost drooling just thinking about it.

My costume was effectively non-existent. I had flipped my coat around and wrapped someone else's scarf around my head for now, but I would have to find something more permanent later.

The streets are fairly deserted for now, nothing stopping me from barrelling along to the high street. Don't need to run all the way to the PRT HQ, just need to get to the police station. Another few minutes-

Or not. I shout and wave at a passing police car, which pulls over by the side of the road. One officer gets halfway out of the car before I start talking. "I'm a cape! I need to get to the Endbringer meeting area. Can you take me there?" I warp space enough to make my hand appear to stretch across a particularly large cube from his perspective as I reach through it.

The officer clearly has mixed feelings about the request, but begrudgingly nods. "Get in."

It's a short ride, but it saves me a lot of time running.

The officer kicks me out of the car and after a quick verification with another PRT officer, I find myself pushed into a large room to sit among a sea of unfriendly masks and faces. Not aimed at me, but the atmosphere is grim.

"Who are you?" I spin, backpedalling for a moment as a PRT agent peers at me inquisitively.

"I'm a new cape. No name yet. I'm a Trump." That was information that was bound to get out eventually. No sense hiding it now and making them wonder why.

"You'll have to be inspected by one of our Thinkers upon reaching the staging area. Just stay put, they'll come to you." He taps something into his tablet. "They'll give you a temporary alias and confirm how long you can stay within a certain range of the Simurgh." Wasn't actually planning on getting in range at all, but it probably wouldn't be right to say that now.

"Alright." I give him a thumbs up. He makes a pointed gesture to a pile of domino masks, I make a point to steal one and slip it on subtly while nobody is looking. My scarf was good, but not that good.

I glance around. No ABB. No Merchants. Othala and Victor were the only offerings from the Empire. New Wave didn't usually show up for the Simurgh, but Panacea was apparently being escorted by Manpower – they likely wouldn't be anywhere near the fighting. Nobody from Faultline's crew. Armsmaster, Dauntless and Velocity had all opted in by the looks of it.

I didn't blame the others for sitting out. The mere fact that she was a flier made most people useless for anything other than search and rescue, the likelihood of being sniped out of nowhere from random bullshit and AOE was higher than against Behemoth and you had to put on a literal suicide collar to even be allowed in. If I didn't see this as a literal cape buffet that could accelerate me months ahead of schedule, I wouldn't show up either.

Not until I was strong enough to matter, anyway.

"Star Shifter will be teleporting in thirty! Gather up, please hold hands!" A guy with a megaphone calls out to us. I join the small huddle of capes, I get some interested looks – but not a single one gives me more than a nod. No real greetings. No attempts at recruitment.

Either they all expect me to die, or there is just an agreement to not try anything with anyone showing up for a fight. An extension of the Endbringer truce beyond the obvious. No poaching. I slot myself between Manpower and Velocity. Lots of capes for me to make attempts against here alone, but I wasn't trying anything with the threat of a Thinker inspection hanging over me.

…was this a bad idea? No. Probably not. They would be looking for people looking to break the peace or cause issues in the fight, and I technically wasn't doing that – and I fully intended to be hiding at the back with Panacea and Othala, because I was kind of a healer even if it sucked more than either of theirs.

"Porting!" A man in a skin-tight, shockingly yellow outfit appears – slaps his hand on Velocity's shoulder and I feel myself stretch and spin, head spinning wildly as my surroundings blur into a kaleidoscopic mess.

And then I was in Australia. Or at least, I assumed it was Australia. We might have gotten lost. I turn around, spotting a sea of capes and uniformed staff milling around with purpose. Right place then.

The group immediately splits up, off to collect armbands and collars being distributed outside of the areas that were clearly designated for incoming teleportation.

A smiling black-haired woman stands in front of me with a clipboard. "You must be the new Trump from Brockton Bay? Please, come with me. We have rooms dedicated to this process." She turns her back on me and walks towards a dull building, the uniform colour scheme and odd, square-like shape possibly implying it was built in a hurry by a cape.

I smile awkwardly and chase after her. I feel a little bit lost here, stemming from the complete lack of planning that went into this decision. Usually, I have things planned out in my head before I ever do them, and then the plan goes to shit from there – but completely winging it like this on something so important is a bit unusual for me.

"I have to make a report which will involve a few questions about your power and what you intend to do in the fight. I should note that a somewhat redacted version of the report will be stored in our databases for future reference, but you shouldn't worry about weaknesses we find being used against you later – we take security very seriously here." She moves into the first unoccupied room and claims one of the seats separated by a desk. I don't follow her in.

I stare.

"Do you now?" I ask quietly.

"Yes." She confirms, the smile never leaving her face. "It's something we go to great pains to enforce." She flips a fedora of all things onto her head, leaning back into her seat as she talks. "I can talk about your power with you, or I can talk about your power with someone else. It's up to you."

That was a threat. One that was working. I had gone into this assuming that I would be checked by a Watchdog Thinker, asking me a few pointed questions and kicking me out the door to do something vaguely helpful to the fight. What I was reading now, as I stared into her challenge box, said otherwise.

CONTESSA

AGENT OF CAULDRON 1/4

(DNGR) (HIGH)​

If she was with Cauldron, she probably knew about me. Was that good? Bad? What did they want from me at this stage? I had assumed my favours would be called in once I was Eidolon-tier, not earlier.

I could, at least, try to stack the deck in my favour – two new modifiers or not. "Cha-"

…

FAILURE

Certain challenges and individuals are considered high-difficulty (HIGH), being nearly impossible to defeat without clearing a large number of lower difficulty challenges first. Alternatively, a specific, rare power may be required in order to complete a condition where no amount of trickery or cunning can bypass the requirement.​

I stare at the failure screen as it fades away.

What just happened? What happened to the challenge? Did I cancel it somehow?

The timer ticking down from an hour in her vision implies otherwise.

"So." She smiles. All the more menacing for the apparent lack of malice. "Shall we talk?"

Can I just 'undo' the last hour of my life?

"Alright." If I get out of this without heading to the Birdcage, I'll be happy. "Let's talk."

AN: I was originally going to lengthen the Taylor parts, complete that challenge in a stay-the-night kind of situation and get the second power reward done – but it led weirdly into the other sections and it wasn't really anything that couldn't wait until the future. Despite the length, I'm a little unsatisfied with this chapter. No lewds or real progress on the powers front and I think the overall chapter quality is down thanks to most of it being made on my phone while the laptop was out – but that will change next time around. Hopefully.

I'll update the challenge index another day. Too tired.
Last edited: May 26, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 962 others
Tamzar
Nov 13, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Ten
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Nov 24, 2020
Add bookmark
#680
I settle into the seat opposite the Cauldron employee. "So, I assume you aren't really here for a nice interview."

"No." She agrees easily. "And you aren't here to do your part to help fight the Endbringer. We're not concerned about that."

"You aren't?" Not going to the Birdcage? That was what I was hearing.

"In fact, we fully encourage you to stretch yourself as far as you can. We'll be very interested in seeing exactly how far your power can stretch." She hums to herself. "Which is why I'm here today, to call in one of our favours to satisfy our curiosity and to give you a warning."

"A special favour from me, right as an Endbringer attacks?" I cross my arms. "You want me to challenge her?" That made sense. If we got lucky, the fight would be a perfect mirror of what would happen during the attack – effectively pre-cogging whatever shifty plans she had.

"Not quite. We simply want you to see if it is possible." She sips at her water. "In fact, if you try to use your power against her, I will kill you."

The deadpan delivery of that last sentence catches me off guard, my brain taking a moment to process the threat for what it was. "Hey, hey!" I put my hands in the air for a moment. "No need for that. I probably wouldn't beat her anyway, but even if I did – I'm responsible enough to keep a mastered Simurgh out of trouble."

"Do you know why Alabaster isn't here?" She ignores my outburst. Rude.

"The Nazi?" I bite my lip for a moment. "Well. He's a Nazi, for one. Not usually much of the helping type." Othala excepted, but even she was only here for the Empire's PR engine.

"It's true that he doesn't usually show up anyway, but consider his power for a moment." Contessa meets my eyes. "A total body reset every few seconds. Active cape powers wash off him like water, body parts will be restored, mental damage and pain will be muted. His body can even reform elsewhere if the area where it would appear is blocked by something else. It's a power you can relate to yourself, correct?"

When I exited a challenge. Sure. "Did you have a point?"

"Alabaster exists in a city with no real threats to him. The only people with the capacity to kill him instantly are heroes who are aiming to capture and have an image to maintain. What would happen if he came to this fight, and stayed within range of the Simurgh's song past the time-limit?" She throws the question at me.

"He would become a Simurgh bomb." I reply confidently.

"Most likely." She flicks a pen against the desk idly. "Even if the rest of his body resets, even if almost his entire head can be destroyed and reconstituted without harm, the simple fact that he is thinking, making memories and decisions - that indicates that he is vulnerable. Grey Boy victims. The loop is supposed to be perfect, and yet they gain new memories of their torment on every loop. Even unpowered individuals, implying that the brain is exempt from the rules that define everything else in the loop. Making new memories and thoughts that would in theory allow them to become Simurgh bombs as well."

I could see where this was going. "And you think that might apply to me?" I point to myself. "I challenge the Simurgh, come back from the experience planning to bomb the president? Alabaster's powers are mainly for his body, I haven't seen any real feats against mental effects. Grey Boy is a special case even by cape standards. Some of the challenges I've been in, I've been a gibbering wreck on the floor – two seconds later I feel absolutely nothing except slightly annoyed at losing."

"I know that it applies to you." She holds one finger up in the air. Perfectly pointed at her own challenge modifier list. DNGR. "Danger. What do you think happened to you, when you tried to use your power on me?"

"I died instantly?" I hazard a guess.

She says nothing, clearly expecting more from me.

Wrong. Think about this. I close my eyes. Five seconds of silence. Ten seconds. She's patient, I'll give her that. I hiss in through my teeth as I realise what she's getting at. Looking at the conversation up to now, it seems a bit obvious. "You mind-wiped me inside the challenge." I open my eyes. "The same cape you used to erase my memories of the exact process behind how I got my powers." I knew the theory of it, but my memories of that day were falling asleep at my desk and waking up the next day in my bed with my powers up and running. I had been a bit too distracted to really think much more of it, but it was hardly something that needed much thought to realise.

She nods. "It's likely that the 'me' within the challenge has access to some of the resources of Cauldron as a whole. A perfect victory, from her perspective, might be that you have gained no knowledge and made no progress after being defeated. We have several capes that could theoretically manage to remove your memories of Cauldron like that, but we've never used them against you." She pulls out a mobile phone and starts to type away. "And, with no particular need to limit herself to only your new memories, she targeted all knowledge of our base of operations, including that which you learned before your attempt."

"And I got lucky, because she could have lobotomized me instead?" I could see that.

"Just so. It's a good sign, actually. Not permanently crippling you implies that the 'me' you faced shares at least some of our original goals, albeit with an overriding need to defeat you when you face her." She really has this conspiracy thing down doesn't she? Talking about the organisation's shady goals and sinister secrets without spilling the beans, I'm all curious now. "Needless to say, you should try to avoid challenging me again any time soon – or this conversation might become a repetitive one."

I mock-salute. "Yes, Ma'am. No using my power on you. Promise."

"Not until you are certain that you can win or kill yourself instantly. Months. At least." She holds my gaze steady, still typing into her phone without looking. "We have high hopes for your powers potential as you develop, but you don't need to be concerned about avoiding us in an attempt to avoid making enemies of us. If anything, I look forward to the day you succeed in defeating me – should you get that far."

"I… have no idea what to say to that." Someone telling me they were looking forward to the day I was good enough to Master them? Weird.

"You don't need to say anything." She cracks her neck. "In truth, most mental effects shouldn't be of concern to you. Active-types will expire with their owner once the simulation ends, as if they had been killed in real-life. Emotional, hormonal or direct body control will be reset with your body and mind. It needs to be subtler manipulation. Embedded either in your thoughts directly or within your power itself, however rare that is. The other reason we speculated that the modifier might show up is when it could be possible to stall the round out near-permanently."

I pause. I'm a dumbass, but I'm not completely stupid. That sentence may sound weird but it makes loads of sense if you think about it. "Like the Grey Boy bubbles you mentioned earlier, if he was still alive. If he hits me with one - I can't kill him, but I'm permanently kept alive without a way to forcibly leave the simulation or even kill myself properly. Probably not good for my mental health."

The Cauldron Cape nods. "It's speculation, but we believe that is correct."

I snicker to myself for a moment. "You know, you seem to know my power better than I do. I don't suppose you kept a manual lying around somewhere…?"

"We researched it with you quite extensively." Contessa confirms. "And then it seems you challenged me, among others, as you were about to be sent back home. With mixed results." And got my head cleared out for the trouble. Nice one, Past-Greg. Way to ruin it for everyone. I tilt my head. Mixed results? Did I succeed against someone else? Was that why she was here now instead of someone else? "We opted to simply monitor your natural growth rather than attempt to artificially accelerate you again." Again? I didn't have any powers at the start, so they tried and failed?

Ten bucks says my power screwed them with shitty scenario's for whatever Capes they tried to feed to me first. It was an asshole like that.

"No chance of you telling me any of the Capes out there that I'm likely to beat in one go?" I wiggle my eyebrows.

"No chance at all." She agrees. I pout. "And not purely because the scenarios your power creates require significant effort to model. We think the struggle quite literally makes you a stronger person in the end, and we suspect that your power is unusually active when it comes to directing your growth and the means with which you achieve it. In the limited time we had, we found that lining up Capes that you should have easily been able to defeat led to improbably difficult scenarios compared to targets you sought out yourself."

"Sure, but there's a difference between throwing me into a cell with crippled Capes and hoping I win and telling me the names of a few Capes that would really help me out later on." I tilt my head out towards the likely direction of the fight in the city, even if I couldn't see it that was there the fliers were coming from earlier. "The stronger I get, the more likely I can help with that. The faster that happens, the better it is – right? If you aren't scared of me getting too strong, then why not try a few things to make me as fast as possible. You only had me for a few days, we could experiment a bit more."

"There is such a thing as growth that is too fast, in this case." That didn't make any sense. Especially not when the Endbringers are right here, slowly destroying humanity in its entirety. I'd seen the doomposting that happened on PHO every now and then by new Thinkers. "Not to mention that most of those Capes you are talking about are all either locked in combat with the Simurgh, trying to destroy a large Tinkertech device she is assembling in the centre of the city or simply trying to protect the evacuating civilians from a bio-engineered horde of local fauna." Those who had left the city when the Simurgh's slow descent began, was what she meant by that. The ones stuck inside at this point wouldn't be so lucky unless Scion showed up any moment now, they were probably marking out the perimeter to be walled off already.

Wait. I blink. "They've already started?"

She stares at me owlishly. "You weren't intending to fight anyway. This is just the initial staging area, quite a distance from Canberra. The medical station for high-priority Capes and injured civilians that managed to be evacuated is just next to this building, which is the safest place for anyone in the area to be until the Simurgh leaves and a closer, more convenient base is established." Right. Don't want the Simurgh dropping a rock on Panacea, the actual fight must be miles away – otherwise the Simurgh changing course and drifting this way over the course of the fight might catch incoming reinforcements and the support team within building-tossing range if not her actual scream. "You'll be heading there after we're done."

There's no room for an argument in that statement. I nod. Of course, she knew that I intended to use Panacea's and hopefully Othala's powers in the med-tent to at least somewhat contribute while sticking around possible targets, but it did pinch at my ego to be so obviously excluded from the fighting. I could see why, obviously. If I got mind-whammied by the Simurgh, I would escalate into an unstoppable S-Class threat seeking to dominate every powerful Cape on Earth-Bet, turning them into my adoring slaves as I demand the submission of the entire world as its new God-Emperor.

I mean, I might end up doing that anyway, but I wasn't going to be evil about it. When I first saw this chick, I assumed that she was going to Birdcage or kill me for a good reason – and whatever reason they have for not doing that, and actively encouraging that, is good enough for me not to prod at it. For now. I mean, they are the Illuminati and power Mafia rolled into one – their plans for me probably weren't anything good long term. Some crazy mind-control stuff to rule the world from the shadows, something like that.

"Are you ready to take a look?" She stands up, circling the desk.

"At the Simurgh?" I swallow drily. "Now?" Now that I think about it, they never specified what would happen if I didn't follow through on a favour. I wasn't sure I wanted to find out. "You're sure it's safe?"

"You won't be entering her range at all. Your power works through windows, mirrors and see-through materials – as long as you can see the target in real time in sufficient clarity." Not videos, live-streams or CCTV – I tried that very early on. She pulls up a small bronze telescope with whirring, moving parts from behind the desk. Obvious Tinkertech. She holds it up to face me at a strange angle. "Look through this. Door."

A tiny window of space opens up in front of the device, allowing her to ease half of it through to the other side. I check the other side and note the disappeared half. A portal? I could really use that.

I peer through the lens. Even with the portal my sight a bit closer, all I could make out were tiny dots floating on the horizon. Before I can say anything, she adjusts a dial to zoom in closer. Still tiny, but there was less blank sky now. She continues to twist the dial as I speak up. She wasn't joking when she said I would be a long way away, at this distance I was surprised that my sight wasn't being blocked by debris, clouds or dust in the atmosphere. Clearly, they intended to take no risks here.

Then, another click and I'm watching the fight live. I recognise a few names and costumes. Eidolon and Legend at the front, carving away chunks out of the protective barrier encircling the Endbringer – concealing just enough of her that I can't fully focus on her enough. As I watch, a building uproots itself and adds itself to the shield as more debris frees itself from the shield – fired like a cannon at a trio of fliers, sending two of the pair plummeting to the ground as they connect. One is caught by their companion and flown away – the other left to hit the ground. Still no obvious line of sight on the main target. But there was Legend, one of the few Capes that a lucky victory would let me steamroll-

"Not a word. Not against anyone." I open my other eye to find a gun pointed at me.

I swallow drily, extremely aware of my mortality out in the real world. Right. No challenges. Apparently, that extended to other people around the Simurgh in her book.

"I know." I raise my hands. My shadow state could probably deal with it, but I didn't want to even guess what other tricks the Thinker had in store. "I'm just waiting for some debris to get out of the way."

She doesn't reply, or lower the gun. I close my left eye, hoping that if I ignored her it would go away. Back to the fight. A stream of blue energy erupts from Eidolon's hands, annihilating vast swathes of the debris while Legend lays into the Endbringer herself – who I could finally catch the barest glimpse of as she shields herself with her wings.

But even just seeing her wings was enough for me.

SIMURGH

Hope-Killer 1/4

(HIGH) (DNGR) (EVNT) (DOOM)​

I pull away, closing my eyes as I hear the portal snap shut. "Yep. I can see her. Four rounds. High-difficulty, danger, event and doom." I hum to myself in thought. "My gut tells me that it's going to be a standard Endbringer fight, with all of the usual allies – drive her off before the city needs to get quarantined. The doom modifier is for me spending too much time within a specific range, like the bomb collars except those wouldn't work on me after a few brute powers."

"Quite specific for a gut feeling." She comments, sweeping a few items into her suitcase. Including the gun, thankfully. "But thank you, that will be all."

I shrug awkwardly. "I mean, it's just a guess. It would make sense though." Awkward silence. "Is that really everything? It seems a bit anti-climatic for the super conspiracy to pop in on."

"We're always interested in powers that could conceivably work on the Endbringers. We would have done it while you were in our custody, but she has demonstrated a notably weaker ability to perform her usual manipulations to her full capabilities while in combat and under time-pressure. Pointing a telescope into orbit might have caught her attention or given her an opportunity and we couldn't take that risk." She taps her phone some more. "You should consider the Simurgh, Sleeper, Scion, Eidolon and myself to all be too dangerous for you to attempt for the time being – to the extent that attempting any of the first four without permission will force us to kill you."

The Sleeper, keeping me away from that made sense without any real need for elaboration. A bloodlusted Eidolon probably had a bunch of Master abilities at his disposal that might stick on me. Scion was kind of an odd one out, seeing as he actually appeared in my TIME modifier to kill me if I stalled long enough. They were probably scared of the kind-of-dumb guy not helping against Endbringers if I messed with his personality. Reasonable, and it's not like I could beat him until after Eidolon anyway. She was putting herself on a high pedestal there, but thinking about how much past-Greg had left me at a disadvantage when it came to learning about my power – I couldn't really disagree.

Now that I think of it, my power had immediately given me the tutorial rounds against my family once I got back home. Sure, it was a bit traumatic – but maybe there was something to her earlier words about my power deliberately making things difficult if someone else was trying to set me up without my input. If it was automatic then I should have gotten those tutorial rounds when I was wandering around their base.

The woman leans across the table to pin a badge against my shirt. "That will let you into the medical centre. A report has been made detailing your powers as a Trump that gains related powers as you build relationships with the Capes around you, with a secondary Thinker ability to subtly change your own actions to appear more likeable to other people and speculation about a weak, unreliable pre-cognitive ability. We'll leak it to the PRT when you make your debut."

I would have protested, but that actually made sense. There were certain aspects of my power that I couldn't hide. If the PRT went to another Thinker or just made a few assumptions based on incomplete data then that could go really badly, really fast. "Thanks, I guess." They were kind of nice for a shadowy organisation taking over the world.

"Door." With a single step into the portal opening behind her, she is gone – leaving me alone in the room.

Huh. I'm still alive, not in prison and I have approval from our secret lizard overlords to keep on going the way I have been.

I'll take it.

Left to my own devices, I exit the building the way I came – noting that the landing zone was significantly less busy than before – presumably, everyone likely to teleport in had already done so, carried to whatever fight suited them best by other movers. As Contessa had mentioned, the medical centre was clearly marked just off to the side – the only source of continual movement as a slow drip of fliers and teleporters carry bodies through the entrance.

As I approach, an unpowered volunteer gestures me forward, pointing a scanner at my badge and checking the output. "In you go. On the left."

I nod, ducking into the oversized shelter to find row upon row of injured people – a half-dozen obvious Capes moving from person to person and dozens of unpowered helpers scattered around the area. Bigger than I expected, and not quite the underequipped mess I was expecting from the drab, bland appearance of the building that matched the office-style one I was in just a moment ago. This one had equipment, proper beds and a suite of trained staff on standby.

Othala is the closest one that I recognise. "Hey, you were the new guy from Brockton Bay – right?" Her voice is younger than I expected, I would hazard a guess that she's actually younger than my sister – just left high-school, for all that her relationship with Victor is public knowledge. Nazis were creepy like that. She's lounging next to a bloody Cape who has gone pale from bloodloss. As I watch, his wounds start to close. She flicks her gaze down to my badge. "You got a power that can help?"

"That's me." I wave a hand. "I'm a Trump, I get some weak versions of the powers of other Capes as I get to know them. Already got a bad version of Panacea's and a few others, but I'm not strong enough in a fight to go and help anywhere else."

She shrugs. "Whatever. Don't try anything funny and we'll be fine." She gives a meaningful glance at Victor and the other mean-looking Capes acting as bodyguards, watching from the back of the room with a permanent aura of disapproval. The Empire Cape pats her patient on the torso as he coughs, pulling himself up into a half-upright position. She moves on to the next table, pauses and then moves on to the table after that.

I glance at the guy she had passed over. Black. I raise an eyebrow at her as she taps her patient and waits patiently again. "Really?"

She clearly knows what I'm talking about. "I have to prioritise. My power can work on a lot of people at once, but not an unlimited number. People need to actively use the regeneration I give them, so unconscious people or-" She glances down at the dark-skinned man. "-those with limited mental faculties are better off waiting for one of the healers to come around." Or die. I'm sure people would forgive me for not quite taking every word of the white supremacist as gospel truth when she rattled off an excuse for how she wasn't going to heal a black guy. Maybe it was even true, but I had a feeling she would have found a way if his skin was a few shades lighter.

I roll my eyes. Nazis gonna Nazi. Nothing I can do about it.

Oh wait, I can. Eventually.

Othala

Empire Cape 1/6

(GANG)​

"Challenge." No point in beating around the bush here. I wanted that power.

I spawn in an alleyway, taking only a moment to realise that I have line-of-sight on my target already. She's deep in conversation with a trio of E88 thugs right in the middle of the street, not a single one of them looking around at their surroundings.

She couldn't target herself, right?

So if I could cripple her right at the start, the fight would be over. Getting past those thugs were the real problem, without flight or a blaster power it seemed pretty inevitable that I would need to chase the supervillain down while invincible skinheads breathed fire at me. They would obviously see my approach, even if I tried to be subtle.

No. Wait. I may not have flight, but could I possibly glide across to them? They weren't looking up, and if I could manage to simply land right in the middle of them, I wouldn't have to worry about trying to fight my way past a series of super-buffed enemies to get to her.

I could do it, I think. I start to clamber up the side of the building next to me, retreating slightly further into the darkness of the alleyway and employing Vista and Shadow Stalkers power liberally to make the ascent easier. Once at the top, I peer over the edge to judge the distance more effectively. Yeah, I could do this. Jump past the pavement into the middle of the road, I would need powers for precision but I should be fine.

I shrink the horizontal space with Vista, leap off of the roof and immediately activate my shadow state to glide for a moment – sure, I wouldn't be able to use it to defend myself from the thugs but if Othala died first it wouldn't matter. It's not like they have weapons out and primed already, it's clear that in any fight the default would be to rely on Othala's invincibility and offensive options that she could grant. Not something that she could do with a broken neck.

I'm only slightly off of my target when I lose my shadow state and succumb to gravity, managing to at least knock Othala to the ground with me as I fall, instead of some crazy kung-fu execution on the back of her neck like I had originally planned.

The nice thing about her being on the ground from my full weight crashing into her is that it is really easy for me to reach out to her – even with a likely broken leg. Before the first of the thugs can even finish pulling out their weapons, I place my hands on either side of the healer's skull and twist.

SUCCESS

Reward: Blessing (1)​

Keep going. If I could go to the third challenge then that power would likely be far superior than the first.

Othala

Empire Cape 2/6

(GANG) (ALRT)​

"Challenge." There goes the chance to cheese a win while they were sleeping on the job.

I spawn in the same position that I did last time, except this time all three of the men near Othala rush to her side – then charge at my position with their gifted powers. One was clearly given speed, another Pyrokinesis and the final one wasn't displaying any obvious ability yet – likely strength or invincibility. Wait. I correct myself. Three? Four. Another man stays back by her side, I'm pretty sure he wasn't there last time - but he was clearly not intending to leave her side while the others chased me down.

I try and land a cheap shot against the speedster by shrinking the space between us at the last second, but it clearly isn't just his travel speed that's enhanced – he easily ducks around my punch as it slightly extends through the air between us, launching a fist towards my unprotected stomach. I shift into my shadow state instead of taking the blow – taking advantage of the free mobility to wrap myself around the man, using him as a shield against the pyrokinetic that was only now catching up.

It works, until it doesn't. The man clearly doesn't care for collateral damage, coating both me and his ally with a stream of fire as he continues to close the gap – I release the speedster with a hiss as the man screams and starts rolling on the floor, trying to backstep enough to ward off the worst of the heat and fire. It's not fast enough, without my shield the fire continues onwards to practically engulf the alleyway. My shadow state wouldn't be coming back for a few seconds, so it's all I can do to drop to the ground screaming as the fire flows over me and engulfs my clothes entirely.

Painful. Agonising. But not immediately lethal – my shadow state returns, and I make a blind, desperate attempt to throw myself through the sides of the alleyway from my fallen position on the ground. The effort doesn't take me far enough within the time-limit, ejecting me back inside the walls of the alleyway after the second of free movement expires.

I stop struggling, breathing in fire directly to my lungs as my skin burns past the point of correctly sending pain signals – resulting in an odd coolness engulfing my now-naked body from head to toe.

Swing and a miss. I'll get them next time.

FAILURE

Hint: The ALRT modifier will-​

I swipe the notice away. Seen that one before, although in a way it actually has a point this time. ALRT isn't paired with HUNT this time. If I had time to think about it, I should have just jumped sideways into a building – even if they were aware that I was hunting them, without a way to actively track me I should be able to hunt them down individually as they tried to find me or perhaps even try to sneak a kill on Othala.

Idiot. That was winnable if I switched my brain on for a moment. A notable amount of the challenges I run into are just evolutions on the previous with another modifier, I should have seen that it was the same modifier with an added ALRT and started thinking about what I would do before I challenged her – I've gotten so used to planning mid-scenario that I screwed myself by having to counter multiple pseudo-capes before I was finished planning out my attack. Even if I didn't know for sure that it would be the same location and scenario, it wouldn't have done any harm to just stop and think about what I could do – especially when I know how an Othala challenge is likely to go because of how her power works.

"You say something?" She looks at me quizzically.

"No." I grumble. I reach out to the man in front of me. Civilian. My new power felt like… dice or something. One of those spinning wheels that game show hosts use to decide the next round. It had landed on regeneration this time, but those other options of strength, speed and whatever else I should have weren't options to me right now. I tag the man with Othala's power, feeling the mental dice in my mind shift as I do so. The power deactivates itself while leaving the effect in place, preventing me from applying it again or ending the effect early.

One power at a time and only to one person. Got it. No self-application. Expected, but unfortunate. I mentally peer at the inert power. I didn't get the sense of regeneration from it this time.

Fire-breathing? Does it cycle through possible effects, waiting for each one to expire before rotating again?

That meant I would have to sift through multiple different blessings, as my power was calling them, before I could rotate back around to healing. Manageable in a fight, but annoying in a situation like this where I only wanted one effect.

I grab Panacea's power and prod at his wounds, drawing a groan from the man as my finger digs into his burns. "Don't know if you can understand me, but apparently that regeneration needs some effort from you to use." I may be limited to only healing what I could see and touch with Panacea's power, but brushing my finger across a burn wound and seeing clear, unblemished skin left in my wake was oddly satisfying. After a solid minute of me prodding at his wounds, the man seems to work out the trick to getting the regeneration to start working – his skin starting to heal on his own and his breathing becoming a little less laboured.

At least it seemed effective. I pat his shoulder, drawing a pained hiss from the man. "Whoops. Hey, uh, I'm going to go and look at someone else now – but that regen will stick with you for a little bit. It probably won't last that long, but you seem most of the way there so just, uh, keep it up." I shoot him a thumbs up.

"Thank you." The man pipes up, his voice nothing but a strained whisper.

"No problem-o, my friend-o." I bob my head, already looking elsewhere. Seeing a momentary lull in people needing my attention, I glance over at the Cape section – muttering out a few challenges as I skim over them. Each one is a failure, either catching me by surprise with something that I could adjust to on a not-happening second attempt or by their powers simply forming a wall that I couldn't overcome yet.

"Capes!" A shout at the door draws my attention. A half-dozen new patients are wheeled in by civilian volunteers. The other Capes in the room all ditch their civilian patients at the same time, encircling the new arrivals.

Panacea. Othala. Another Cape in red that I didn't recognise, followed by an obvious Tinker and his assistants. It was odd to see that out of the healers who had chosen to attend, a little under half of the generic-healing ones were from Brockton Bay. Others had chosen either not to attend or were only working within their specialities alongside the civilian volunteers.

It was tempting to go after everyone in sight, but my power did drain me at least a bit for each attempt – it was likely that I would be surrounded with some real hot-shot Capes at some point, I didn't want to be too exhausted to even try them because I had been spending too much time trying to beat the guy who could produce disease-curing mold from his feet or something.

Panacea touches one, an insensate blonde with a foreign object lodged in her skull. She silently shakes her head, moving on to the next one. Othala likewise passes her up, clearly seeing no signs of consciousness for the woman to use her regeneration. The Tinker grabs a different patient, strapping a whirring machine over their torso.

I look down at the Cape, moments away from death even among all of these healers. Unable to affect brains, target needs to be conscious, not in their specialty or just too much time and trouble to save compared to the other Capes that needed treatment as well.

Reverb

Vigilante 1/6

(CAGE)​

She is going to die. Not much that I can do about it.

Except…

My power changed the body, sometimes. Alice. Clara. A dozen or so of my classmates at school. In minor and major ways – but from the perspective of a power, it was essentially a new body being created entirely wasn't it? I had speculated about my potential ability to heal Case 53's, or at least mitigate their body troubles – but there weren't a large number of Case 53's around to try that out against apart from whenever Faultine's Crew took a job inside the city again.

I could do it. I think. It might cause a little confusion depending on how my power decided to cover its tracks, but nothing that couldn't be brushed off as powers being funny.

And the alternative was just letting her die. I wasn't feeling that at all. She's a hero, I would be a bit of an asshole not to at least try. I didn't know anything about her, but she was probably a better person than me if I was at all honest. "Challenge."

The white walls of the cage rise around me, my opponent starting off towards me at a dead sprint. I didn't know anything about her powers apart from her name. I raise my hands as she approaches, ready to meet her attack with one of my own.

She stops just before she reaches me, launching a series of jabs at my guard. Never quite reaching me, always stopping just before contact.

Unusually cautious for a simulation.

Probably part of her power then. And based on the name, perhaps I could assume… I take a step towards her, watching her step away as I do so. One more step- The air blurs in front of me and I immediately shift into my shadow state, a dozen transparent arms outlined in pale blue and silver streak through the air towards where my head should be. Gotcha. I step backwards instead of jumping her immediately.

She can copy her movements and actions, leaving impressions of them behind that can be triggered again at a later time. Punch the air once, walk away and activate the power to remotely ghost-punch whoever moved into that area a single time. Cool, but not terribly good offensively unless she can drag me into an area that she has trapped.

At the same time, I didn't have much that I could use to overcome that advantage either. Shadow Stalker's full power would crush this chick, but with the cooldown period on my version it was likely that any extended struggle would leave me reeling from a copied elbow or headbutt unless I could restrain her instantly.

I watch her as she circles me, jabbing and kicking all the way – slightly exhausting herself but she was fitter than me to start off with. It's obvious she's trying to pen me in, but seeing as I don't have any ranged option to stop her from doing that right now without charging into her – I'm happy to just play along for now.

Finally, she completes the circle and starts inching closer to me. I give up on subtlety, lunging towards her in a flying tackle – using my shadow state to get past the initial wall of fists and grapple her properly. We both flail for a moment, somehow staying upright despite the struggle – culminating in an awkward hug where both of us refused to release the other for fear of giving up the advantage. I have Panacea's power selected, damaging her skin in a gap her costume leaves around her shoulders – but not enough to cause any major damage just yet. She tries to drag me closer to her prepared circle of death, I try to direct us to fall either inside or outside of that ring.

I settle for inside, after a really bright idea occurs to me. I swap powers quickly, apply a change and then switch back to Panacea's to continue the awkward grapple for skin-contact against her costume before she notices any change in my behaviour.

She forces me back a step, into the path of her prepared punches. I grin widely, allowing the motion – then shifting into my shadow state again. Her face practically warps around thin air as her own power lands multiple heavy punches squarely into her face.

I'm already on top of her to finish the job on the knocked-out woman. "Space-warping! How do you like that! Closer than you thought, right?" She must have counted on me using my shadow state again, but without any knowledge on my ability to shrink thin-air and artificially extend the range her power would be punching through, there wasn't any reason for her to believe she was in any danger from her own power.

Got 'em. I stomp downward on her neck.

SUCCESS

Reward: Echo (1)
​
I minutely frown for a moment. That was good, don't get me wrong. I was always happy for more powers. But just this once I was hoping that the power would be the reward for the second fight, not the first. I wait for my view to reform before looking at the fatally injured cape again.

Reverb

Vigilante 2/6

(PREP) (TIME)​

That sounded like a harsh combination with her power. "Challenge."

I grimace as the scenario sets itself up around me. Inside an office building of some sorts, with a time-limit on my hands. No time to waste. She must be in this building somewhere. I sprint forward through the corridor in front of me – only to immediately get floored by a mean left hook out of nowhere.

Ouch. A bit shaken, I push myself to my feet. I sprint again, this time ready with my shadow state when a pair of kicks try to take off my head and sweep my legs simultaneously – too fast to dodge.

I continue down the corridor, not encountering any further attacks as I peer into each room that I pass.

I round the corner, immediately taking a weak hit to my side and dodging away from an uppercut. Another kick, and I burst into my shadow state again as a flurry of jabs erupts like a wall of limbs in front of me.

What was up with the sudden intensity? I just went dozens of metres without a single strike and now I was getting pelted for every inch I tried to progress? It was hard to believe that with the PREP modifier she wouldn't set up every inch of this place if she could – or at least up until whatever limit her power had.

I pause. No. It was too hard to believe that. I swing my gaze upwards at the walls, then the ceiling, then behind me. A camera light blinks back at me. She did booby-trap the entire floor, but she can't sense me moving through her copied attacks – instead she is sitting elsewhere in the building, watching the camera feeds to know when to activate her power as I walk through each camera's field of vision. It was fortunate that not literally every inch of the floor was covered by each camera, but the core intersections were death traps to me.

Good to know. Great deductions, but I was down two minutes already.

I hit the stairs. I need to find the security room. Upstairs? Downstairs? I just had to hope that I would get lucky at this point, the police would be arriving in just over two minutes and Cape support five minutes after that. I have to hurry, there isn't a choice.

I go downstairs first, bursting out of the stairwell doors at a run. Shadow state primed and ready, but halfway down the corridor – I pause, frown and then turn back the way I came. A glance at the wall confirms my suspicions. Camera coverage, but no surprise attacks.

Why? Because she didn't need to cover this area, because she isn't on this floor. She clearly has some form of limits to her PREP modifier and her power – otherwise I would have been caught up in an infinite combo right at the outset. If it isn't the number of attacks she can set up, then it has to be time-related. An hour. A day. A few minutes. I didn't know how long, but she only had a certain amount of time to set up her full maze of attacks before the first ones would start disappearing – she had to prioritise herself to paths that actually led towards her, leaving the dead-ends conspicuously empty.

By the time I reach the floor above, I only have one minute left. A warning sign for 'SECURE AREA – EMPLOYEES ONLY' warns me off, but only encourages me to dive past it with increasing eagerness. Once again, a wall of fists sweeps across through the corridor. Shadow state to bypass them again – no trouble. A second wall meets me as soon as I exit, this one barely giving me time to tuck my head in and cower behind my raised arms as it sweeps over me – practically slamming me into the wall with their combined force, but thankfully not completely ignoring the resistance my body provides – otherwise I would have been squished against the wall like a pancake in places. As it is, everything hurts. Everywhere.

A third wave tries to hit me as I recover from the blow, but this time I already have Vista's power primed to get me the few extra steps I need to escape from it. Out of range of the camera. Finally. I head towards the final door that was likely to contain my target, keeping myself upright by using the wall instead of relying on my now-injured legs. I move to open the door, reflexively attempting to enter my shadow state as a silver-white hand chops down at my outstretched arm – but the cooldown is a fraction of a second too long and my hand is momentarily pinned against the doorknob as the attack completes, bending it at a painful angle as I let out a pained, angry yell.

I notice a half-dozen other arms streaking through the air around me, where my body would be if I had approached the door straight-on instead of clinging to the wall.

A guess? Estimating how long it would take me based on when I left the camera's vision?

And trying to bait my shadow state out, I would wager. This doorway was something that I had to pass through, unless I tried to go through the walls hoping not to collide with any cables – it was likely the most heavily trapped area in the building. If she made me trigger it early and I then tried to walk through the door without access to it…

Pancake wouldn't even begin to describe it.

I shove open the door and take it at a run, spotting her practically spinning around the room with punches and kicks. I don't wait for the silvery outline to appear, just activating Shadow Stalker's power the moment I open the door. True to my expectations, the number of attacks triggered at once briefly blinds me – but pass through me without any real trouble. After that though, it all falls apart. One kick hooks me into the path of another, into a downwards punch, into a trio of jabs, into a fist from behind, into another kick at head-height, into a ground stomp – an endless series of attacks that seamlessly flow from one into the next, something she has likely been building up all throughout the few minutes I have been scouring the building.

Distantly, I hear sirens. The first of the TIME modifier's reinforcements have arrived, but the vigilante doesn't need them. "You're going to die." I gasp out as I dive into the corner of the room, apparently a safe spot. "Out in the real world. Not this challenge. You've been injured, I can heal you by winning this." My vision spins, and I distantly realise exactly how much blood is spreading out from the corner I have lodged myself into. That isn't good.

Her expression doesn't change.

"Right." I close my eyes. "Who am I even talking to?" Stupid. I know I can't reason with the targets most of the time. EVNT, REAL and WRLD might sometimes give me a chance on that front, but everyone else is just going to kill me or throw me in prison – then kill me.

I hear her drift closer to me, and am completely unsurprised when a flying double-kick to my face breaks my nose and knocks me straight into unconsciousness.

FAILURE​

Only for me to be rudely kicked back into the wakefulness of the defeat screen.

Hint: The Preparation (PREP) modifier gives the enemy a significant amount of time to prepare to fight you prior to your arrival in the challenge. Some enemies might choose to prepare countermeasures for your powers, adjust their costume, lay some traps, fortify their defences or even just get a headstart running away! This modifier also provides enemies with a basic summary of your current powerset.​

I've seen this hint before, but I don't hurry to dismiss it this time. Mostly because I'm not looking forward to getting back to reality.

Reality creeps back into my vision regardless. I watch her challenge box steadily, even as I set Panacea's power to work on another victim with some kind of horn sticking out of their torso. Not much I could do about that internally, but I clear up a half-dozen smaller injuries and stem the bleeding at the very least – applying Othala's ability to give him limited pyrokinesis to re-roll the power.

Reverb's challenge box winks out, the timer fading to nothing. Dead.

I watch the body as they wheel her away. I shouldn't be surprised at the unfairness of it, I knew what the statistics against Endbringers were like – and it wasn't even the death or the body that bothered me. It was the fact that it was real. Permanent. Not even someone who kind of deserved it like one of our resident Nazi's – but a real hero, volunteering for an Endbringer fight that nobody smart had any business joining.

Well, looking at this group's injuries they weren't facing the Simurgh directly – but whatever Tinkertech distraction she had kicked off on the sidelines. Still, the end result is the same. I wasn't trying to kill her either, I wasn't fighting her in real life – nor trying to justify killing her in a challenge. Trying to save her was a bit of a change for me, and failing the first time I tried something genuinely heroic felt pretty shit. This was something that I could have done. Only I could have done, but I fell short – and now someone is dead because of it. Permanently.

Sure, I killed people a lot these days - but I still had a pretty clear idea of right and wrong. I could accept that I was probably in the wrong for most things, but I still agreed with the idea of karma for other people. Good things should happen to good people, bad things should happen to the bad. If I had been a bit more aggressive in seeking out a Blaster power, or had been successful in my search for a Brute that I could defeat - that woman would be alive right now.

"Let me deal with that." Panacea reaches over and places her hand against my guy's bare skin – then un-gently pulls the protruding object free. The flesh flows and knits itself back together before she calls out to a nearby medic and moves on to the next one. She's way, way stronger as a healer than I am. It isn't even close.

The interruption does serve to pull me from my momentary melancholy. I felt like crap, but I was here to prevent that feeling in the future. Getting stronger was the key.

"The Simurgh has retreated." A synthesised voice emerges from the armband of one of the capes. "A one kilometre perimeter around the city has been established, indicated by a series of blue markers – a quarantine zone will be established along that line, defenders should leave the city as soon as possible. Do not attempt to take any civilians or items with you, they may be traps laid by the Simurgh to circumvent our measures to contain the city. The quarantine will commence from-" Someone mutes the armband.

"Scion's a no-show, I guess." One civilian mutters behind me as an orderly fusses over his shoulder.

"My daughter was in the city-" "Do they have a list of casualties yet?" "Where's the rest of my team?" I tune out the flurry of questions, making my way back to the injured pile of civilians I was looking over earlier. Grim stuff. Nobody wanted to hear that another city was going to be quarantined, must be harder to stomach for the locals.

"Hey, saw you on the teleport in." I raise my eyes up to find Panacea looking at me with a searching look as she finishes off the final touches on the last of the new arrivals, coming to assist with the civilians I was just starting on now. "Didn't take you for a healer."

"Trump." I poke a scab to prove a point as Panacea rests her hand on the man. Panacea's eyes widen as she recognises her own power at work. Or, an alternate version of it at least. "Weak variant of your powers and Othala's over there. That's still a bit of a secret, so please don't go spreading it around." I wink.

"Oh?" She sounds a bit tense. "You have my powers?"

"A different version, literal skin-deep stuff. I don't know what I'm doing half the time so I'm not healing anything complex – I'm leaving that for Othala's power once it cycles around enough." I'm rambling a bit.

"I see." She seems to relax a little bit, but still seems high-strung. "I haven't-" Our hands accidentally brush together as I move along to another clotted wound. She tilts her head, looking a bit puzzled. "I can't see you."

I wave a hand over my face.

She rolls her eyes. "No, with my power. I usually get a sense of whatever I'm touching, biologically speaking. With you it's just like I'm touching myself."

I grin widely. "I am aware of the effect I have on women." She gives me a flat look, somehow she doesn't seem to find it funny. Right. There's a time and a place, Greg. "I mean, uh, how about now?" I drop her power in my mind.

She raises an eyebrow. "That works." Amy shrugs. "Weird power. How does it-" She breaks off as she frowns down at my hand. "Are you alright? You seem kind of-" She purses her lips, trying to find the words. "-drained? Like you're tired everywhere at once, you should probably have a sit-down."

She can see my power clamping on the brakes already? She doesn't need to be that worried though, I can barely feel it at the moment – I probably have another dozen challenges or so before I start throwing up everywhere and dreaming about flopping onto my bed for a week. "Power stuff. Don't suppose you can just magic it away?"

She crosses her arms, breaking skin-contact with me. "Doesn't work that way. I can only mess with what's already there, your body is tired because you're low on… everything. At the same time. You need to eat something and take a nap." She shakes her head. "Anyway, with the bulk of the healing done here, I'm not helping you push your body past what is healthy – and half of the problem is in your brain anyway. You'll have to learn some restraint on your own if you work out what the problem is." Yes, mom. "I'm going to finish off the last of these guys, we can talk more later."

"The last?" I glance around. Surely enough, the hall was kind of empty compared to when I had first arrived. "Not expecting anymore?"

"Not really." She sounds subdued, and more than a bit stressed. "We only really get a few spikes from people getting hit by debris or any sideshows the Simurgh puts on – Capes downed by the Simurgh only get saved if they have someone around to catch them and immediately take them outside of her range. I haven't done this for the Simurgh before, but apparently with the fight usually being over and done with so quickly and the civilians being-" She grimaces. "-kept inside, there aren't as many people to heal as a normal Endbringer fight. Not that I've properly been to one of those to judge, I've always just come in afterwards for support once the fight is done."

I nod wisely. "And with this station so far from the city, people would need a mover rating to get over here from the fight anyway. With the Simurgh gone, all of the incidents she causes get cleaned up and most of the injured people are probably locked inside Canberra."

"Mm." She pats the patient and moves on to the next one, the last in the row – already being worked on by Othala, who simply shrugs and moves away as the New Wave Cape approaches. I follow Panacea again. "I'm guessing you're new at being a Cape – saw you talking with Othala. Are you-"

"Not a Nazi." I roll my eyes. "Promise. I'm going to be a kickass hero at some point, but I need my powers to kick up a notch first."

"What do your powers actually do?" She sits down heavily as the last civilian patient starts to cough and attempts to stand. "I know I'm not really supposed to ask, but I've never met a power copier that my power blanks on like that."

"Weak copies of powers as I interact with people better. Seems pretty random about when it happens, but I guess I go to school or live somewhere close to Shadow Stalker, Clockblocker and Vista. Picked up yours and Othala's recently as well, hoping I can get stronger versions at some point or I'm going to be a C-Lister hack for the rest of my life." A little bit of truth to go with the lies.

"Probably not as bad as it sounds." She sighs. "But I get it."

"Wait." I slam my fist into my palm, brain catching up with the conversation. "Your power doesn't work on me when I'm using my copy? At all?"

The Dallon girl gives me a strange look. "I didn't try, but I guess not the bit that tells me what I'm doing, at the very least – which is pretty important if I want to not mess anything up on the inside."

"Can you try?" I hold my hand out. "Just, like – try and heal a freckle or something."

"Why not?" She grasps my hand and frowns at my face. After a few seconds she lets go. "Yeah, still works – but that's a lot harder and slower than usual. Best to keep it off if you ever land in hospital, or I'm not going to be able to do anything about the bullet in your chest."

I nod distractedly. "Good to know, good to know." Should have thought about it earlier, really. When I was up against Vista, our space-warping overwrote each other's powers. Against Taylor, my single-target bug control overruled hers entirely. I should be trying to be more aware of how powers stack up against their original owner, it wouldn't exactly have been hard to try hitting Panacea with her own power with a single experiment – and while it wouldn't have done much offensively if it gave me some defensive ability to not get one-shot at a touch then I was confident that I could beat the shit out of her before she worked past it. "Challenge."

Fighting Panacea with a simple CAGE modifier was pretty difficult for me before thanks to my power dropping me in without clothes that fully covered my skin, but now I knew that holding Panacea's power would likely slow her down enough to not one-shot me with a touch – it was worth having another shot. I was going to hold off until I found a Blaster, but I had subtly tried two of the patients already in-between healing sessions and both times I had been fried at range after exhausting my shadow state.

I idly select Echo, miming a punch in the air as I had seen the now-deceased original user do before. The power dims in my mind, but doesn't deselect itself. Only one action, and I couldn't store it while switching to another power – use it or lose it.

Well, that was fine. I backstep for a moment. Perhaps some other combat-veteran Capes would be wary of my actions, but Panacea wasn't a real fighter – she was just running straight at me again with her hands outstretched.

I trigger the echo, the punch rocketing into her right cheek and stopping her charge cold. No instant knockout, but enough for me to capitalise on. Moment of truth. I grab Panacea's power and punch her in the face.

Not unconscious, nice. I kick at her wildly, shifting into my shadow state as she throws herself into a full-body tackle around my waist. She lands heavily on the floor, I kick at her head as she tries to shield herself – one leg being grasped in both hands as she slides her hand under my socks to touch bare skin. My vision spins for a moment, but I'm still aware enough to stomp down at her with my other foot. Her grip slackens, only to disappear entirely as a second clean connection ends the fight entirely.

Easy. I'm such a better fighter than her that even if it only takes her, say, five seconds to knock me out, that's still a few seconds too many for her to beat me 1-on-1.

SUCCESS

Reward: Amy Dallon+​

Nice. Seeing as there was a likely power attached to the third round, I might as well try the next one as well.

Amy Dallon

Heroine 3/7

(GANG) (ALRT)​

"Challenge." No sense in dragging it out.

I come to inside an unfamiliar building. Looks like a hospital of some kind, but not Brockton General.

Nobody immediately comes out to rush me, which with the ALRT modifier is a bit of a surprise. I walk forward, glancing through each room in the corridor as I go. Nothing there. Standard patient there. Nothing that would indicate Panacea and her crew raring for a fight.

At least, until the far side of the corridor erupts as Glory Girl soars through the open double doors – giving me a brief glance at Panacea leaning over another patient while glancing warily at me before the doors close again.

I see. The GANG in this case are all injured at the start. They join the fight as Panacea heals them, so I need to rush to the far side of the building and interrupt her before the numbers get too far in her favour.

As it is, I'm not getting past Glory Girl. I grimace slightly as she pulls down a light fitting and hurls it at me like a javelin – following up with a kick that probably would have separated my head from my body if it hadn't immediately killed me on connection. I'm not even going to try on that front, if I could manage that fight I would have beaten Glory Girl's first challenge already.

FAILURE

Hint: Some challenges can be approached in different ways depending on your abilities. Play to your strengths! Use brute force where you are stronger, blitz past your enemies when you are faster and outwit your enemies when you are smarter! Few opponents will have the perfect answer to every approach available to you.​

I tilt my head. The hint probably had a point this time. The only objective was to assassinate Panacea. With the ALRT modifier, everyone knew I started in that corridor. Even if I had a speedster power or teleportation, it was unlikely that I would be completely fast enough to prevent Glory Girl from joining the fray entirely – but if I just hid somewhere, or tried to sneak around the outside of the building. Perhaps even time-locking the door to try and shut them out if they all left the room.

Hell, for all I knew Panacea would wander off alone into the girl's toilets after healing everyone and sending them off to search for me. Even if I couldn't beat Glory Girl I had a few options available to me.

"Challenge?" Amy Dallon peers at me. "Are you alright?"

Did I say that last one too loud? Probably shouldn't start it in the middle of a conversation when people are paying close attention to me. "Yeah. This whole thing is a, uh, real challenge for me. My power feels kinda weak compared to what you can do."

"I can't be everywhere." She gives me a faint smile. "For what its worth, I'm glad you're here. It's always nice to see another healer around, especially one from the Bay. The Nazi doesn't count."

I grin. "Thanks, I'll try to swing by and say hello sometime – hopefully when my powers are no longer so weak that I might lose in a fight against Velocity or Chubster."

I'd have liked to see another healer around too, I was really hoping that Scapegoat would be here – but no dice. That offensive part of his powerset would have been a crazy addition to my arsenal.

Not that today had been a bad haul at all, and it wasn't even done yet.

I glance around at the near-empty room. Volunteers were emptying out beds and starting to pack things away, the number of injured reduced to almost nothing apart from minor scrapes and bruises not dangerous enough to need parahuman support. "So, what happens now? Do we all just pack up and go home, or do we stick around until everyone else comes with?"

Amy makes a face. "Not a clue, actually. At a guess, they'll start teleporting people back in groups once everyone from the area is gathered together. I guess we just stick around for a while until they call for us."

"Sounds fun." I tilt my head from one side to the next. "Well, I guess I should go and introduce myself to a few other people while I'm here. Not exactly the debut I was hoping for, but it would be rude to deny them the honour of being in my presence."

"I'm sure they can't wait." Sarcasm is rude, Amy. She stands up as well. "I'll see you on the port back, I guess. Try not to get lost."

I snort. I wouldn't be going far. I direct my gaze to the few Capes that were supervising the proceedings and playing at protection for the medical team. Victor, one of my main hopes for becoming a martial wizard. Manpower, my main hope for rolling over future Shadow Stalker challenges. Armsmaster and Dauntless were out in the field somewhere, I could at least try to handle the latter. Narwhal. Dragon. Legend. Alexandria. Whatever other fliers and Blasters I could spot as they returned to their hometowns.

I needed to at least make an effort – even if it was kind of difficult to achieve a win on the first try, that argument didn't hold weight for the Brockton-ites. I would undoubtedly be seeing them again at some point, so even just seeing what their challenges were would help guide me for the future.

I bounce on my heels for a moment. Right then. Let's go and break the Endbringer Truce even more than I already have.

Even if Cauldron wasn't going to step in and help make me a god overnight, there was nothing stopping me from doing that myself. I didn't just want to be a hero in theory, winning only in the safety of my head. I wanted to be a badass in the real world too. I wanted people to rely on me – to do things that nobody else could, much like that dead Cape earlier. A new Eidolon. What people were hoping Dauntless would be before he started to get diminishing returns on his items.

I had a long way to go. Time to get to it.

AN: The first half-and-a-bit of Canberra. Should easily get back to BB next chapter unless the word count gets away from me. I will be updating the challenge sheet for this chapter and the last chapter at some point today as well, because it slipped my mind last time.

Hopefully, Cauldron makes sense here as well as the situation in general. The smurf has been shown to mess with people from orbit, and while we don't know if Cauldron actually knows about that or not I thought it wasn't entirely unreasonable for them to take the added precaution.

The second half of this won't be out for a little while, going to clear out some of the backlog of snippets that I have for other in-progress stories that I promised updates for already - but have no fear, I will return soon enough. I like this story way too much to ditch it now.
Last edited: Jan 7, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Dwooly, cardboredpie and 1,008 others
Tamzar
Nov 24, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Eleven
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Aug 31, 2021
Add bookmark
#778
I couldn't sit around and stall for too long. The Simurgh fight had been quick and brutal, from what little I could tell without ever being involved in the actual fight. As a defeat ending in the city being sealed off, there weren't any notable search and rescue efforts to be performed after the perimeter had been established and the countdown to leave the area had ticked down to zero. Not that I was anywhere near that, but as a bit of a Cape fanatic, I knew a bit more about how Endbringer fights went than most rookies.

Most of the people here would be leaving almost immediately – at least, whenever the teleporters lined them up in their schedule. A few volunteers, primarily long-range Blasters and Movers, would be responsible for enforcing the quarantine alongside the local army, while the normal humans worked on erecting a basic wall, monitoring system and fortifications around the city. A lot of people triggered during and after Endbringer attacks, so the danger of approaching even what looked like innocent citizens trying to flee was high enough that most would-be escapees would be bombarded from a kilometre away without even knowing how they died.

A few months ago, I would probably have described that as 'kind of metal' or 'hardcore as fuck' from the safety of my room. Somehow, a little closer to the action, it just left an oily feeling in my stomach.

But that's why I'm here. Doing my thing. If I had my way, the next time that the Simurgh came calling, I would be a living god – ready to send her packing on arrival. Or, better yet – convert her into a cute angel waifu like the one currently set as my desktop background.

Sure, there were some moral quandaries about the steps I would be taking to get to that point – but in reality, the wider world already agreed with my 'greater good' argument. Just look at Heartbreaker – yes, he tends to lie low most of the time, but he has clashed with law enforcement before. If the world really wanted him gone at the expense of the damage the people around him would cause after his death – he would have been vaporised a long time ago. Same argument with me, if I managed to stop an Endbringer – or even all of the Endbringers – anyone would consider that a worthwhile tradeoff for a guy they would probably never meet having a superheroine-filled harem.

But that's way too far off in the future. Talking about that like it is going to happen anytime soon is almost as cringy as the people acting like Dauntless was going to be Triumvirate within the next decade - when it was painfully obvious that his gains were starting to get diminishing returns already. I was pretty sure I didn't have limits like that, but I wasn't going to get cocky and assume that I didn't. What if I won a few more challenges and got a pop-up saying that I could only store ten powers and that I had to pick one to drop in order to free up the slot? That would suck, and I couldn't entirely rule it out either.

No. Smaller goals. Armsmaster first. That was the level I needed to be at. I loved the guy – no homo – but if I could beat Armsmaster, I could consider myself at the top of all the capes in Brockton Bay. Lung might be the exception to that, but he tended to excel against teams and completely job in smaller engagements so I was probably going to be a good counter to him if I caught him at the right time with a hard-hitting powerset. After Armsmaster, I could just pick any A-Class threat and surpass them. Then the Triumvirate – and only then could I dare to consider approaching S-Class threats, when I could confidently say that I was the strongest Cape in the world.

But even Armsmaster was too lofty a goal for me right now. I could see him from here, standing stiffly among a group of other heroes as he waits for the Brockton Bay group to be called up – but there wasn't any point in challenging him. With the PREP and CONT modifiers to worry about, I didn't have a chance of winning, nor did I have anything to gain from fighting him over and over apart from giving him more data to work with. I needed more powers in general before I could dream of taking him down, even just for the very first challenge.

Fortunately, if there was one thing that this Endbringer fight had provided – it was a significant number of Capes that I rarely met and the opportunity to challenge them. I might not be able to just throw down with every Cape I saw thanks to my power kindly throwing a warning headache and increasing levels of aches and lethargy my way whenever I started doing too many challenges too fast – but I could certainly give a few of the Capes currently waiting for a teleport home a round or two in the metaphorical ring.

Which, really, was the hardest part of attempting to direct my growth in skills. It was one thing for me to point out certain Capes that would be ideal to challenge and grow from – Purity, Hookwolf, Miss Militia, Leet to name just a few – but actually laying eyes on those people in such a large city was far more difficult than you would think. Well, it made sense. If it was that easy for a random civilian to find a villainous Cape or get easy access to the local heroes then that was just begging one of their enemies to take a hit out on them. New Wave learned that the hard way.

In terms of maximising the pure, economical efficiency of my challenges while I was here – it would generally be better to focus on people who live in the Bay, safe in the knowledge that even if I lost, it would still be a valuable learning experience that would help me beat them later. It was true that there were fliers and Blasters around that I would dearly love to beat – but that was a club that was somewhat hard to enter without having a similar power of my own. And it wasn't like there was a huge lack of Capes like that in the Bay – I could just stick with those I already knew when I had less pressure on my schedule.

It wasn't that I wasn't interested in the likely top-tier powersets that the Triumvirate offered, or the exploits I could use with someone like Narwhal – but I just didn't have a power that let me hit at their level. I could punch people, sneak up on them, stab them with a knife or drop something on their head – which worked very nicely for people who I could physically match or didn't have a power suited for close combat. With Narwhal as an example, even if I got a perfect sneak attack and stabbed her in the neck – she would take a literal blink of the eye to separate my head from my shoulders on pure reaction. There wasn't anything to learn from that.

I mentally run through the list in my mind. Dauntless. Armsmaster. Velocity. Othala. Victor. Panacea. Manpower.

Out of those, Othala's challenge was still cooling down after my previous failure. Panacea's cooldown was a stage higher, and I wouldn't be able to repeat it today without stopping by the Dallon household trying to catch a glimpse of her – not happening. Dauntless had little to no value in completing other challenges thanks to my inability to take in equipment so far, but there was a lot of potential to get the ball rolling on powering up in real life. I narrow my eyes at him in thought.

DAUNTLESS

Hero 1/6

(ZONE)​

Just a limited area to engage in, not a particularly harsh modifier unless it was one of the ones where he would try to escape – which would be impossible to stop against the teleporter. That seemed unlikely though, there was already plenty of difficulty to the challenge thanks to his armoured costume – without me having a likely way to get through it. With all of his defensive and mobility capabilities, I didn't stand much of a chance here however much I really wanted to get started on his power.

Armsmaster was a dead-end as well, for reasons already mentioned. Victor and Manpower on the other hand, were much more viable targets. Manpower might be a Brute, but he wasn't the brutiest of Brutes – if that made sense. It was possible to catch him unawares or without his power augmenting him. Victor was a baseline human with a bunch of extra skills to work with, which should be even easier.

Not only did I feel like they were within reach, but their powers were also useful. Manpower doesn't get to flex his powerset much, but its value to me was almost entirely focused on the fact that beating him would likely give me some form of electric powerset to beat Sophia with – on top of being my first Brute-like power in general that would finally give me a meaningful advantage in a melee that didn't require an unarmoured target. A two-for-one, even if I didn't see him reliably enough to properly pursue beating the rest of his challenges. Victor's benefits didn't need much explanation. A little time hanging around a douchebag boxer or two, a few gun-toting gang members and maybe some star athletes and students around Winslow and I would be an all-star student and combat expert before I knew it.

Not that it would pay to get cocky and assume this was a guaranteed win, even if the cooldowns on the first round were sometimes fairly short – there was a chance that people wouldn't stick around long enough for me to get a second shot.

Best hurry then.

VICTOR

Empire 88 1/5

(REAL)​

And then Mr Hair-Gel himself.

MANPOWER

Hero 1/5

(TIME)​

I let out a cheerful hum to myself. In both cases, I had to deal with only a single modifier that didn't seem likely to cause me much lasting trouble. Manpower's fight would be won with a surprise attack in the opening minutes or not won at all, making the reinforcements trickling in through the TIME modifier mostly irrelevant. The real part of the challenge came from the man himself and his powerset.

Victor's fight would depend on the scenario I was dropped into – REAL modifiers could be both a good and bad thing for me. They make the target a bit more unpredictable and better at reacting to my adaptations as I repeated the challenge, but also gave me a slight layer of security in that they didn't go absolutely 0-100 on the murder scale the moment they saw me. For Victor, that probably didn't mean as much as it did for Sophia – I was pretty sure he wouldn't care about pulling a gun on me and letting loose if I started a fight out of nowhere, not to mention the fact that his power wasn't so visible that it would stop him from being able to use it without outing himself in public.

I glance around for Velocity, intending to scan him as well. I saw him not too long ago so there wasn't any real chance of him being dead, but I can't spot him right now. I glance across at other groups to try and find him. Toilet break? Running an errand? Whatever the case, I'd get him before I was done for the day. Velocity was pretty low on the Brockton Bay tier-list, but his power would actually be quite valuable for me even in whatever diminished form I ended up with – I could use the mobility a lot better than he ever could.

Of the two I could see now? Victor seemed the most likely choice to start with. Manpower was clearly the more difficult of the two and I wanted every advantage I could get for that fight. Victor also lacked the armour that I was finding so difficult in a few of my recent fights. Armsmaster, Gallant – even Vista to an extent. Parts of their costume that just didn't give me a cheap way to win the fight with a lucky stab.

Victor it is then. "Challenge."

I grimace in discomfort as the word leaves my mouth, my body aching just a bit more noticeably than before. Panacea's earlier comment about how tired I seemed suddenly feeling a lot more accurate, but a bit of lethargy wasn't going to cripple me – I would just have to be careful not to overstretch myself. I could enjoy a bit of downtime tomorrow to recover, but opportunities like this didn't show up every day and I had to make the most of it.

I glance around as the challenge constructs itself. Light. Sound. Colour. Well-dressed patrons weave through obstacles that have yet to form around me. Some kind of nightclub? A high-end restaurant? Patrons and service staff mill around the tables. I was sat alone at the edge of the room, but I couldn't spot Victor from my current position – and surely it would be a bad idea to run around drawing attention to myself without knowing what I was looking for.

There was no way that Victor would have any reason to be in costume around here, unless he was due to attack the place with the Empire? No, white people were clearly the majority here – it was unlikely to be a target like that. Enough non-whites to discount the possibility of it being Empire owned, so it was likely that Victor was here as a civilian. A bit unfortunate, but more unsurprising than it would have been for most Capes – he was known to disguise himself as a normal guy during Cape activities anyway, given his powerset. I'd have to do a bit of searching around for people who fit the bill before I skipped to the stabbing.

But before that, I needed to get out of sight. Into a position where I had a clear view of the venue, without being easily spotted myself. Even with the REAL modifier, I couldn't be fully confident that Victor wouldn't start gunning for me the moment he spotted me – while some REAL targets ignored me until I did something suspicious, that wasn't consistent enough for me to rely on it when I may only get the one serious attempt to win before they disappear back off to their own territory once we teleport home. Even then, he had probably stolen some super-secret spy training at some point and might spot me if I made it obvious I was stalking him. The longer I stayed out in the open, the more chance I had of a disguised Victor glancing over his shoulder and spotting me in the crowd without me even realising that he had aggro'd on me.

I push myself up and out of the chair, the sound easily masked by the thrum of music and the bustle of the patrons. Fortunately, not far from my starting position I can see a sign with directions to the nearby toilets – providing me an easy getaway from any stray glances from my target that was likely among the patrons somewhere. I give a nervous glance at the hand-dryers arrayed along several edges of the wall. Ideally, leaving the building entirely would be for the best – but even if the outside was beyond that wall, there were great odds that I would run into a cable or three and cripple myself, or worse, knock myself out and end the challenge.

Fortunately, going sideways wasn't my only option. This room had provided me with exactly the kind of escape I had in mind. Past the glamour of the nightclub outside, the toilets were notably more bland and spartan – the grid-like appearance of the ceiling and the rugged appearance of the panels between the lines was my ticket upwards to the rest of the building. Getting into the ceiling and going upwards again would take me up to the floor above, or perhaps even just outside if this was just an extension tacked on to the end of the building. Either way, I would be in a great position to just keep climbing upwards, then hanging out far above the stage, the diners and partygoers to observe what was going on.

After all, who even looks up at the ceiling in the middle of whatever spectacle performance was being put on as entertainment next? I would find out, I suppose.

I enter one of the stalls, grimace, flush and then drop the seat down to give me something to stand on for more height. Vista's power shrinks the empty space between the ceiling and the lowered toilet seat, allowing me to reach out and simply brush a ceiling panel out of its socket and nudge it to the side. I test the weight briefly. I'm too heavy – but the object is small enough to let Clockblockers power turn it into something sturdier than the rest of the building put together. I follow that with a light swing upwards and let Shadow Stalker's power carry my momentum up through the rest of the ceiling to drop me into a dark, cramped area. Another floor above me, I would guess.

The moment that Vista's power returns, I continue upwards – this time able to spot the layout of the cables on the ceiling and deliberately avoid them before once again phasing through to the next floor. It's an easy process, and not actually all that time-consuming despite the waiting-around for certain powers to recharge or finish their duration. I hadn't really considered it before, but I really did have a great selection of powers for ascending a building like this.

With some minor acrobatics to help bridge the gaps that Vista's power doesn't quite stretch across, it doesn't take me long to find myself next to a convenient window to phase through to perch on a ledge outside. From there I start climbing from handhold to handhold along the gentle curve of the roof and signage instead, inwardly grateful that the scenario hadn't involved rain otherwise I would certainly have slipped off by now.

The night sky, only broken by flashes of headlights and neon signs on the street below, gives me enough confidence to risk glancing through a skylight to properly take in the layout of the room that I had so hastily left before. Time to work out where I needed to drop back in. I already knew from my brief glance around the room at the start, the area immediately below this domed roof should be dominated by the stage – which was then surrounded in a half-circle by the diners seated at their tables, alternating between watching the show and conversing with their companions. Now, with more time to spare, I focus my attention on more specific features. The half-balcony off on one side of the room with a smattering of guests distracted by themselves, the musical band hidden in an alcove just off the side of the stage. The bundled-up curtains that would conceal the stage when out of action – all things that I didn't have time to appreciate when I was getting myself somewhere less conspicuous.

My first plan had been to literally slip through the roof directly onto the light fixtures – freezing them in place as I land to prevent any unexpected noise or disruption from announcing my presence. Upon closer inspection, I wasn't nearly so confident in that idea – the fact that the lights were obviously getting power from somewhere had slipped my mind until it was right in front of me, which would require me to come it at a bit of an angle anyway, but I also wasn't convinced that using it as my perch would go unnoticed forever. Clockblockers power probably wouldn't allow me to tag the entire frame thanks to its size, so I would have to hit a smaller part of the fixture – which left the rest of the light free to start swaying, clattering and generally attracting attention either on the initial landing or in the brief moment I would have to reapply it whenever it wore off. Considering I expected to be observing for a while, that was too much of a risk to allow.

My gaze slides around to other elevated platforms that I could conceivably use. A number of overhangs and ledges were available thanks to the general architecture of the building, but they offered little cover in return. The curtains of the stage, however, might be a viable target. The bundled-up edges were out of the spotlight and relatively shrouded in darkness, with a great elevated view for me to watch the guests from. I could reach it quite reliably by jumping through the wall right next to the stage, and the lack of obvious electronics gave me hope that I wouldn't be punished for the attempt.

I move away from the skylight and skip along the rest of the roof, trying to guess the correct amount of distance I would need to travel to slip through the wall at the correct point. About… here. I slip through the wall, exactly a second later finding myself ejected into a pillow-like mess of bundled fabric after a short fall. I remain there for a moment, listening for any sounds of concern from the crowd or any curious staff coming to investigate my entrance – but nobody seems to have noted the slight shuffling in the shadows, or perhaps just brushed off the activity in the corner of their vision as the off-stage crew doing a task of some kind.

The lack of attention enables me to squirm around in the fabric until I could see out between the folds in the fabric and netting around me, body hidden and face concealed in the darkness – inspecting the stage and patrons without fear or urgency for the first real time.

If, after all of this trouble, it turns out that he's sitting out the back in costume and all my effort here was for nothing? I'm going to be so annoyed. My only argument against that was that my power usually didn't mislead me – if I started facing towards a building or street, that was usually the way to go. There were a few cases where finding the target was part of the challenge, like with Madison's current challenge – but even then, I'm fairly sure that I wasn't being pointed towards the opposite end of the city as my target.

I'll just assume he's in the crowd somewhere. Time to start narrowing it down. I filter out the more diverse tables first, I didn't know if he was outright as racist as the typical E88 thug – but it was probably a safe bet he wouldn't have any regular friends among the minorities of the city. From there, eliminate anyone who looked… well, like me. Even if I had gained a bit of muscle recently, Victor was built like a tank – a muscle-guy, even if he was wearing a suit or something he would stand out like a sore thumb among the classy types likely to visit this establishment.

One lone man on a table in the corner. A couple talking amongst themselves front-and-centre. A family group enjoying a meal on the outer ring. I mentally cross out the last one, the kids looked too old – and assuming the rumours that Victor and Othala were together were true, my research into Othala's skintight bodysuit over the years could attest to the fact that she was certainly not a MILF.

The couple could be Victor and Othala, or he could be the man on his own in the corner. They both had similar features from what I could see. I resolve myself to wait. The REAL modifier meant that my targets would actually do something other than sit there forever as the night went on, hopefully letting me eliminate one of the remaining two options to find the real Victor.

I wait. And I wait, and I wait some more. Meals are delivered and taken away, customers come and go – and the stage is filled with act after act to entertain the crowd. It's actually quite enjoyable, like I've just gone to a theatre for the evening instead of plotting a murder. The sign that I'm looking for, however, comes not from the two men that I've been watching so closely – but from the disapproving mutterings coming from the rest of the room at the current act, a singer who is clearly struggling to hit the high notes in a pleasant manner after a lengthy performance.

I consider them for a moment. Darker skin. Starting out with a relatively strong performance, then unexpectedly getting worse over time. And, of course, sabotaging 'other' races from being selected and performing at certain venues would be something that the Empire would be all too supportive of. Victor's power in action, perhaps?

The man on his own displays no reaction to the performance, but the couple are wincing at every high note – their attention no longer on the main stage, but on the waiter to bring them the bill. Looks like I found my man. Taking a brief moment to observe the patrons on the balcony-like floor on the layer above him, I roll backwards through the wall in my shadow state, my momentum not quite taking me through to the other side within a second - forcibly ejecting me out to enjoy a short fall straight down to the street-level outside. I don't quite nail the landing, but don't suffer any real injury except to my pride either.

Now that I know the location of my target, I can be a lot bolder in how I move around the building. I dash through the entrance this time, the guard at the door seeming disinclined to follow me. Up the stairs. I didn't have any intention of trying to sneak up on Victor from behind, his seat in the corner would spot me coming from miles away – but he certainly wouldn't be looking up. As much as I would prefer to begin a fight with a knife to the throat, at my current level of Shadow Stalker's power I couldn't take weapons with me through the floor so easily – it would just fall to the carpet without me being able to grab it again as the state ends.

But that wasn't a problem. As a healthy, growing teenager – I weighed a lot on my own. Slipping through the floor onto a fixed target right below me meant that all of my weight would come down on top of his head and neck at once, which might just win the fight outright – but if not would certainly concuss him a fair bit. The longer the fight went on, the worse I would get thanks to his power – and even if I did bring a weapon, the odds were good that he would be able to get it off of me and use it better than I ever could in close quarters.

On the balcony overlooking the stage, I take a moment to line myself up with where my target should be. Even without clear visibility, if I lined myself up exactly between the two noisy families on this layer I had spotted from my previous vantage point, then lined myself up with the edge of the stage and then made sure I was just a few steps away from the wall – I should be right on top of the unsuspecting figure below me. I couldn't see him and verify that right now, but it would be incredibly unlucky if he had chosen now as his time to move for the first time in the challenge. The fact that the singer on the stage was still getting worse was enough to give me confidence that Victor was still at work.

Now then. Violence.

I slip through the floor with a thought, feeling the very edge of the shadowy expanse around me clip against some cable that likely fed a light below – but the slight scrape doesn't hit me full strength, and my attack wasn't something that could be fully disrupted by some spasming limbs and a flash of pain. Gravity is doing the work here, even if my arm is slightly shaking as I reform mid-air. I collide heavily with Victor, who is fortunate to have me enter his field of vision just in time to get his arms raised up as hasty, last-second shields – but that isn't entirely to his benefit, the hasty block has no strength behind it and his limbs are rammed backwards into his face by my momentum.

I immediately move to capitalise, ignoring the screaming signals from my leg as it lands awkwardly. I grapple with the man as blood pours from his nose, I might not have gotten the instant kill off of the first hit – but no matter who you are, you can't just shake off an impact like that. As much as my leg was probably broken, the same could be said for his right arm dangling uselessly at his side. I didn't need my leg, I needed Victor to die. In a grappling match with us both on the floor, that gave me a massive advantage. He was still bigger and stronger than I was, but all I had to do was keep his remaining arm away from his face and swing at the unprotected target as he tries to grapple me with his legs. I land a solid connection against his cheek, mentally selecting Echo and reeling my fist back again – getting my arm out of the way of the ghostly fist impacting his cheek before immediately following up again. The power fades for a moment, but is ready to select again just a few punches later as the last ghostly remnants of the limb melt into thin-air.

Punch. Punch. Punch. My hand screams in agony as I belatedly realise that at some point I had tucked my thumb inside my fist, something which I mentally know that I shouldn't do – but that muscle memory and my general skill was fast declining. His face is already a wreck, but he's still alive – grimacing and screaming his fury into my ear, one of my arms now trapped against his body as he tries to leverage his strength against me despite his terrible condition. His one arm is stronger than mine, but he doesn't move to block his face – but to reach towards his… spotting his target, I quickly freeze the pistol with Clockblockers power before returning to attacking the face – letting him waste precious time trying to get his hand to reach and use the now-useless gun. If it was at a better angle, I would try to use it myself – but there was no doubting that he was stronger than me on pure muscle, and an extended fight that didn't involve him being beaten into unconsciousness didn't favour me.

The moment of distraction costs me though, he pivots his grip to trap my arm against his chest – twisting his body and legs to shift my weight despite the pistol at his waist literally anchoring him in place. The cooldown on my shadow state was up, so I slip into it once again before he manages to achieve his likely goal and put me in some freaky martial arts hold.

The nice thing about my fist-fights with Sophia at school was that they really let me get a grip on what her power was good at – helped me speculate on how it worked, and how an expert could use it in ways that really messed with a normal persons instincts. It wasn't just moving through walls and drifting through the air – the mobility was great, of course, but if that was all I would have won at least a single fight against her by now even if I couldn't keep her pinned to win the challenge. The ability to move in-place, to shift from a kneeling position to a standing one without the movement in-between, with no clear indication of her intentions in the cloudy mass that the opponent could see. Instantly moving into a leg-sweep or a high-kick when the opponent was just blocking a punch, not quite on the level of a few combat-teleporters that I had seen videos of – but certainly too fast to be just a matter of her doing the same movements while intangible.

I still feel human-shaped as the shadowy figure, but I feel like that's mostly something that's in my head. I don't feel like I've ever used this powerset to adjust my stance and ever been too slow or couldn't quite reach the position I wanted to be in – my body just reforms in the way I intended. When I go through floors, I don't come out at a bad angle and die immediately afterwards to gravity when I am unable to control my spin. The smoke is a distraction, just like it is for Sophia. My actual body just happens to reform somewhere inside it.

I already know the move, and my abilities haven't been hit that badly by Victor just yet. I would guess that he was just focusing on the things that were the most immediate problem, namely my skill at punching and grappling. I knew that given time, he could steal much more, like strategy, balance and even affect the ability to breathe – but I hadn't given him time. I wouldn't give him time. As I phase out of his grip and reach both my arms out to opposite sides, watching his reaction for a moment as-

-I let out a muffled swear as Sophia's arm turns to smoke in my grip again, already moving my body into a defensive posture. Lightly curled up to protect my stomach and hunching my shoulders up to shield my head from as many angles as I could. The expected blow doesn't come, instead – I find my vision filled with a dark hand mere fractions of an inch from my eyeballs. I flinch backwards as the threatened eye-gouge follows my movements, instinctually bringing my arms back up to deflect and turning my head away to buy myself precious seconds.

When my actual brain catches up with the action, the part of me that's thinking and planning out the fight, it's already too late to worry about the other question I should have been thinking about and accounting for. If I'm entirely occupied with fending off this hand, what's she doing with the other? Too late-

-for that. By the time he's reacted to the immediate threat and turned his head to observe the rest of my body, I've completed the simple movement of closing my reforming hand around a steak-knife that had fallen off of the collapsed table and plunged it into his exposed neck.

I don't need skill, martial ability or any strategy to play out the fight from here. Anyone with two brain cells to mash together can get the idea behind wrenching a knife from side to side, widening the wound on the crippled man from something that might be saved by a skilled paramedic to something completely lethal by any sense of the word. I push myself up and away from the man to escape any last ditch efforts to take me down with him, my right leg buckling under the strain immediately as it reminds me of my bungled entrance – but that doesn't do anything to stop me from using my bloodied arms and good leg to rapidly crawl away from the dying Empire Cape.

"'ll pay for this." I glance back as he gargles at me, blood oozing out of his mouth and across the floor – eyes seeming unable to properly follow my movements as I make my getaway and get out of reach of potential retribution. "Haven't won anything-" I don't stick around to listen, continuing to scramble away before getting around a corner and therefore away from his line-of-sight when his gun decided to unfreeze.

The imminent death of the target. No way to get killed in return. No interference from the background characters, who even now were screaming and milling around aimlessly – none of them moving to attack me or assist Victor.

I set myself up against a nearby wall, and settle in to wait.

SUCCESS

Reward: Skill Leech (Stasis)​

Nicely done. A fight that, on the whole, I could be pleased with pretty much everything that I had done. The only thing I could arguably have done better is to test the last floor for wires first and then landed my first attack from a better angle – the fight could have probably ended immediately despite his size if he hadn't caught a glimpse of my movement in the corner of his vision as I made my move.

As the real world shimmers back into view, I flex my new power on. To my surprise, it doesn't seem to want a target – and I don't feel it seeming to respond to any mental prods to leech a particular skill either. Instead, I can feel an invisible boundary in a rough sphere around me, spreading for a few metres in every direction. No visible signs, and nobody milling around me reacts to the usage of my power either. But, at the same time, I didn't feel like the power was actually doing anything for me right now – I could feel a certain lack of activity, like a car had just been stopped after a long journey and now the absence of the engine's thrum stood out over anything else.

Clearly, there was a condition to this. Some mechanism to use the power, a way to start siphoning away skills to myself – but it didn't seem like something that felt usable in any of my few remaining fights of the day. And even if it was, pulling that kind of trick in the aftermath of an Endbringer fight would be pretty immoral if it went wrong. Not that I had much room to talk about morality, but there was a pretty clear difference between beating up some simulations with the side effects of making people like me a bit more and, say, accidentally draining a nearby medic's knowledge in first aid which led to the death of someone that might have otherwise lived. I might be a horny teenage boy, and I might be an admittedly power-hungry tyrant-in-the-making – but I could at least recognise that there was a time and a place. I had self-control, sometimes.

Out of curiosity, I glance at Victor again.

VICTOR

Empire 88 2/5

(REAL) (ALRT)​

Not a drastic increase in the number of modifiers, and I would wager my pocket money for the month that the scenario would be identical save for the more aggressive and proactive target – but I didn't rate my odds of catching a more alert Victor out that highly. He had the skillset advantage over me on that front, surely something relating to tracking people down, evading pursuit and avoiding ambushes. The weapon would be sure to come into play, likely in a lethal ambush. What a pain.

And the only thing I had to gain was that he would become a little more friendly with me, at least unless I could beat the challenge after that – which presumably would be the one to grant me a stronger version of his power. Better to conserve my energy for more interesting targets.

Realising that it probably looked like I had been vapidly staring in the middle of the staging area for a while now, I opt to join the rest of the group waiting for the teleport returning home. I get some curious looks from those in the group who had recognised me on the way in, Victor takes a half-step towards me before Armsmaster deliberately steps into his path to reach me first – power armour more than sufficient to deter the man from continuing towards the imminent collision.

"You're a new face. Judging by your costume, you must be new to the Cape scene?" The man himself rumbles at me, eyes hidden behind his helmet – leaving much of his facial expression up to guesswork.

"Yessir." Stay cool, Greg. "This is my first real appearance, I had hoped for a bit more time to get to grips with my powers – but I couldn't just not show up when people needed helping, you know?"

"That's an admirable thought." He tells me. "But Endbringer fights are no place for an untrained child, these fights are dangerous – even in areas that are heavily protected and safeguarded, there is no guarantee that you will live to see another day. Without the knowledge or training to respond properly to the deadly situations that you might find yourself in, you could put yourself and others in grave danger unintentionally."

This wasn't how I thought the conversation was going to go. "Ah, um. Sure. I guess." I agree non-committedly.

"That danger isn't purely limited to Endbringer fights." He continues inexorably. "Independent Capes are at far greater risk of death or serious injury than their Protectorate-aligned equivalents, with many finding themselves forced into criminal gangs despite their best intentions. That's why the Wards programme exists, to recruit promising young heroes like you and provide the training and support that you need to excel in the future."

I tune him out for a moment as he continues the pitch, belatedly realising that he is literally reciting a familiar Wards advertisement at me word-for-word. I liked Armsmaster. I had a lot of respect for him. But that respect was earned for regular feats of badassery and kick-ass gear, not because of any efforts he put into speeches or interviews. I would probably be more interested if he had brought the bike with him to pose on, but no such luck there.

I wait for a suitable pause in his speech to appear before interrupting. "I'll definitely keep it in mind. My power seems to grow the best when I'm surrounded by others, so working in a team is probably a good idea once I get a handle on my powers – and talk things other with my family, of course."

He regards me for a moment. "An interesting choice of words. I was informed that your power appeared to be a Striker power relating to healing?"

Probably hadn't spoken to Panacea directly yet, if he even had any reason to consider doing so. Likely just second-hand information from someone who had seen me at the medical station and taken a wild guess – and the fake Thinker report clearly wasn't available quite yet. But... like with Panacea, it wouldn't do to completely conceal the truth. It was one thing to not be completely open, another to invite suspicion and get uncovered later. Misdirection with the truth, that was the point of the report on me that they would be sent. So quietly spilling aspects of the truth early, when I didn't need to - might go some way towards getting a measure of goodwill. A bit of leeway. The benefit of the doubt.

"Indirectly, I suppose. I'm actually a Trump of sorts. I've got a small collection of mini-powers that seems to relate to the Capes I hang around. It's usually themed around their powers too. I had kind of hoped that with all these people around I would get a major boost and be able to really make a difference here – but that doesn't seem to have happened. But I've still got something that's pretty close to a weak version of Panacea's powers after running into her before, so I can at least do something."

Not false. Not entirely honest either. The 'truth' would be in the system somewhere soon enough thanks to my discussion earlier in the day with the Cauldron operative – and maintaining that veneer of half-truths required me to not act like my power was doing anything too shifty, but not being too strangely open either. Letting the PRT feel like they had already peeled back the layer of deception coating my powers was part of the point. To make them feel like they had an advantage, that they could adapt and inform their approach to a truth that nobody else understood yet. It was obvious - expected - that a true power copier like me wouldn't openly advertise that fact without joining a major faction. I wasn't particularly concerned about them being upset about the fact that in a few days time - they would need to correct their assessment of me to a capital 'T' Trump, rather than some simple grab-bag wannabe.

He waves an armoured hand at himself. "Interesting, if true. Judging by your attire, I take it you have yet to acquire a Tinker rating yet?

Was that a subtle way to say that my 'costume' was trash? He wasn't wrong, this was very much temporary but there were definitely better ways to say that. I shake my head. "Sadly not. I know I'm not ready for a real debut as I am now, but I had a run-in with Panacea and managed to get something similar to a weak version of her Striker power – so I thought that I could at least contribute a bit even if I wasn't ready to be on the front lines. My variant of Panacea's power is nowhere near as impressive as hers right now, but I managed to luck into getting a variant from Othala pretty quickly after getting here – so I was able to be a bit more helpful than I was expecting." I thump my chest twice. "And, of course, made myself a bit more flexible for the future as well." I wasn't going to mention the others I had acquired, but any variant of the two premiere healing powers in the Bay would be enough to endear the Protectorate towards future cooperation and meetups.

If anything, Armsmaster's mood seems to turn from inquisitive to annoyed. "It's likely too early in your career to judge how permanent such gains will truly be. There are likely to be limits or unnoticed aspects of your power that you are yet to discover, it would be wise of you to take advantage of the PRT's power testing facilities and expertise at an early stage in your growth." And now he's downplaying my power and hyping up the risks. Probably ticked him off by seeming a bit too full of myself, unless it was something else I said. He probably sees people estimating themselves as future Triumvirate material all the time, I can't entirely blame him for lowballing what looks like a rookie stumbling onto a power that hasn't been tested to find its real limits.

I shrug, conceding him the point he seems to want to insist on. "I guess. I'll definitely take the offer of power testing up sometime-" Because it likely involves meeting heroes at a time of my choosing, and I want to eventually land on their side anyway for networking and legal reasons. "-but like I said, I need to break the news to my family first and get myself organised. Find a proper hero name for myself."

His helmet inclines slightly in acknowledgement, then he tips his armoured hand to the side – revealing a gap not unlike a credit card reader. I watch as inch-by-inch, a small business card appears out of the gap – falling into his waiting hand before being handed across to me. "You can find my details as well as the usual Cape hotline for any questions or issues you may have. Arranging a meeting or power testing can be done privately and requires no special commitments to join the Wards – in fact, cooperation would greatly enhance the trust that local law enforcement will afford you in the event that you remain independent and they are forced to assess either your threat level or that of any equipment that you create in the event you do acquire a tinker specialty."

And, unspoken, that cooperating would see them less likely to assume that I was on the brink of becoming a villain or joining a gang. A bit more forgiveness and dialogue if I ran to them crying because I hit a Nazi too hard on the head, because I had shown them a measure of trust in demonstrating my own limits and allowing them to assess and potentially develop countermeasures. It would shape any press releases going forward, there was a world of difference between 'The PRT is looking for a dangerous vigilante on the loose, posing a danger to law-abiding citizens everywhere with his reckless actions' and 'Seeking to make contact with a new parahuman active in the Docks area who is unfamiliar with his new powers and responsibilities, in need of guidance and support as he establishes himself as a model hero'. That wasn't even my thoughts running wild, I remember what the PRT were saying about Shadow Stalker before she joined up.

That cynicism wasn't really needed though. I had every intention of playing nicely with the PRT and wider Protectorate. Why wouldn't I? In the long-term, I was going to be a hero. I wanted to be pulled into their meetings, to meet the team on a regular basis. Cross-training with heroes in other cities. Deployed into combat with villains wherever they show their faces. I would be much better served to do it with them than whatever I could do as a mere civilian relying on the news to show the aftermath in a timely fashion.

Armsmaster shifts in place, the action seeming wildly exaggerated on his enlarged frame. "While I would be greatly interested in discussing your power and potential future further, this is not the time nor the place for such a discussion. We can continue this talk whenever you are ready to make contact on your own."

I pocket the business card. I would have to take a picture of it later, then toss it on the street somewhere. I've seen too many conspiracy theories and B-movies to trust that there wasn't any fancy Tinkertech tracking devices on it somewhere.

He angles his head to the side, subtly glancing at the other residents of the Bay behind him before continuing. "It is generally frowned upon to engage in recruitment talks or poaching attempts while under the Endbringer Truce, but it isn't a clear-cut rule – especially with recent arrivals onto the scene, hence our current discussion. While there is little that I can do to prevent you from being interacted with by the less savoury elements of the Bay that may covet the power of a recent trigger, I would remind you that criminal gangs do not have your best interests at heart. They may act friendly, but they would hold no compunction at the idea of pressing you into their service by force or guile if granted the opportunity. It would be wise to conceal the nature of your powers at this early stage if they approach you, particularly before you have the power or support network to stand up to the pressure that a criminal gang might be able to bring to bear against you."

I give him a simple nod of understanding. "Yeah, I know all about that. Not feeling any Nazi-ish tendencies so don't worry about me, and I'm not going to draw all that much attention outside of those who already know – don't want to get spirited away in my sleep by the Yangban and indoctrinated into their army, right?"

"The risk of that is highly overblown, to the point where it is firmly in the realm of paranoid conspiracy theories – but otherwise, yes, that would be an intelligent course of action to take." He states gruffly, turning away smoothly in one motion as he bids me farewell for now.

In his place, Victor steps up towards me. For any other Cape, I wouldn't have any problem with that. But if I was Victor, hoping to get some information or recruit a new sucker to the team? I would be firing my power out already. Stealing away the skills to lie effectively. Maybe he could even work at something like logical reasoning or how I evaluated risks. Hitting my sense of direction so he could kidnap me when I was still wandering around the same block an hour after we got back home. He might not be able to do that. He might not even want to do that. But if I were him, that's the angle I would be going for if a friendly option seemed unlikely.

I lean in as he approaches, forestalling his idle greetings. "Listen, being seen talking with you is kind of a bad thing for me, even though I would actually be interested in a chat at some point. How about we walk away for now and take this up another time so I can still look all heroic for everyone watching? Don't want my debut to start out with some bad headlines and misunderstandings, you know?"

He considers that for a moment, then eases into a friendly grin. "That sounds agreeable enough." He reaches his hand out, and after a moment I take it – immediately realising that a bundled-up wad of paper was being pushed into my palm in the action. "I'll look forward to hearing from you, I know parts of the Empire have a pretty bad reputation in the city – but we aren't all like that. It's a downside of having such a large organisation, a bit like the police – a few bad eggs catch the media's attention and all the work of the good people ends up being ignored. Keep an open mind, don't be prejudiced – that's all I'll say on the matter."

I give him a tight smile as I turn away, keen to re-establish some distance between us and not give him that much of an opportunity to leak my brain out of my ears. For now, at least, I feel the same as I usually do – I would like to think if he could really mind-whammy someone as much as PHO speculated, that I wouldn't have left the conversation boggling at the cognitive dissonance involved in an actual Nazi telling me to consider the organisation without any prejudices.

"Teleport to North America departing in three minutes." A generic, synthetic voice blares out of a nearby speaker, temporary signage lighting up to highlight the destination around the gathering point. From what I could tell, all of the North American groups were going to be teleported together and then teleporters with shorter range would manage getting everyone back to their individual cities. I shove the paper in my pocket and head into an empty spot on the platform, positioned on my own between New Wave and the clustered Protectorate group.

Speaking of which, it looks like Velocity had finally shown up – literally zooming onto the platform to greet Armsmaster. I scan him briefly.

Velocity

Hero 1/5

(CAGE)​

The same single modifier that Triumph had, except Velocity wasn't a Brute or as dominant in melee. A Breaker by technicality, but Mover by reality, he could use his power to become vastly faster relative to other people, at the expense of the ability to apply any serious amount of force in that form. Hard to hit, of course, but Velocity wouldn't be a literal meme if he was actually capable in a real Cape battle. By all accounts, he punches like a wet noodle in his speed state – and with no support incoming for others, I had little to fear from his usual tactics of keeping people busy and unable to retreat as he stalled for a real hero to arrive. He would have to put me down on his own, and while he had a slight advantage in build – he wasn't a Brute. He wasn't a towering pillar of muscle, I had beaten up plenty of people with more raw strength and durability than him – even if they were just civilians. With no allies, he should have real difficulty actually landing meaningful damage – a difficulty we would both face, but I at least had more tools to work with on that front.

I could win this. "Challenge."

The familiar white, slightly patterned walls of the CAGE modifier surround me – but even before the walls have become fully visible, a half-formed Velocity is already upon me. Crossing the distance in the opening move, then away again before I can react. It's only after he has pulled back that I hear the clink of something hitting the ground, immediately followed by the rush of noise and sensation that accompanies being coated head-to-toe in fast-congealing containment foam.

If that was a real grenade, I would be dead. But non-lethal alternatives wouldn't work on me. Shadow Stalker's power doesn't completely nullify the foam, it always felt a bit like wading into deep water when more settled – but even when fully set, it would only take a few moments to work my way free of the centre. This foam hasn't set in yet, and without those initial seconds to begin to congeal around me it only takes me a single usage of the shadow state to get me free.

And directly into the path of another containment foam grenade. This time, my shadow state isn't ready to escape immediately – meaning I spend the next few minutes slowly working my way free of the layers I've been buried in. The more you struggle, the more it strengthens – but the interaction between filling the gap I leave and making space as I reform works in my favour. Unfortunately, the action of reforming and pushing aside the foam around me in the process does make the foam extremely tight around my body, evidently having the same impact as it would on a Brute trying to break his way free.

But still, this wasn't a problem. Just time-consuming. If he was armed with a real grenade, he would have used it by now. No weapons, probably not even a taser – his costume focused on aerodynamics above almost all else, so it would seem that I've already seen what his limited toolset has to offer outside of his power. It takes minutes of waiting for my cooldown to reset over and over before I finally exhaust his supply of grenades and break free – my shadowy self emerging from the grime and immediately moving to block his strike as he appears in front of me and throws a punch at normal speed. It bruises my arm a little, but I handle it easily.

The problem is that he just immediately flips his breaker state on and disappears behind me – a powerful kick already half-wound up as he releases his breaker state to give his hits some real impact again. I idly swipe behind me as I try to roll with the impact, hoping to catch him with the echo – but he's already dashed away behind the small mountain of containment foam to get out of my sight.

How could I manage this? My initial thought was to just outlast him to see if the anti-stalling measures kicked in and a powerful item was dropped into the field to fight over, forcing him to approach me at an area I could try and defend – but with so much of the field now covered with containment foam, I doubted either of us had the ability to reach any of the likely tiles that would be selected for the drop in question. On top of that, that mostly seemed to happen when both sides were locked into a stalemate after exhausting any tricks that they had – and there wasn't much doubt that as long as I stayed out in the open, Velocity would be 'winning' any brief exchanges between us.

He could just hit me with cheap shots over and over until I keeled over in exhaustion if I waited. I needed to cover my back, which meant running across to get a wall behind me. He cottons on to my plan, of course, immediately moving to harass me with a literal blur of punches and kicks – each having comically little effect until he starts trying to trip me up instead. Despite the weakness of each hit, I can't entirely ignore them – they still push me back a bit even if I block them right, despite the fact that I can barely feel them. On top of that, if I just let him hit me over and over without keeping an eye on him, he'll just switch back to normal and punch me with the strength of a fully grown adult rather than that of a mildly annoyed child.

Not long after the thought crosses my mind, he does so. I extend the air between my face and his fist with Vista's power, lashing out wildly with my foot at his lower body – accepting that the action will put me wildly off-balance and cause me to fall. I flail a fist blindly behind me to set up an echo before catching my fall. His punch falls short as he zooms away from my desperate kick as expected, a vague blur to the edges of my vision indicating that this was more of the same tactic from him.

I push myself up and blindly trigger the echo without looking, hoping to hit something important at a bad angle as he repeats his usual trick of appearing behind me for a second attack. The impact is audible as I push myself back up, but it isn't from the hit making a clean connection on his body like I had hoped – instead, the noise is from his slow kick at my head being interrupted by hitting the ghostly arm. I lunge my hands out to try and grasp his foot before he pulls it away, but I'm too slow and he easily evades my clutches. I couldn't be too upset at the outcome in the end. He lucked into avoiding my own attempt to take advantage of his predictability, but I had also managed to guard against a blow that might have ended the fight there and then. I'd take that.

He seems warier about leaving his speed state now, seemingly content to just keep me on edge as much as he can for every inch I take towards the relative safety of the wall. I take advantage of the low cooldown of the echo power to keep down his angles of attack, switching into the shadow state whenever he succeeds in knocking me down or tripping me up. Then, finally, I hit the wall.

Now things are looking up. In our limited exchanges without his speed power, he hasn't done all that well. He's well-trained, sure – but it clearly wasn't his comfort zone even before I had my single use of Vista's power used in small bursts to shrink or expand the air in a wide, random tunnel before me – only lasting about twenty seconds before I replace it in a different formation again. The echo, enabling me to constantly threaten a large area around me with a casual leg sweep and win any normal exchange of blows when he doesn't escape with his power.

I didn't have anything to be too afraid of here. His breaker state was annoying, but it wouldn't put me down – it was more like being stuck in a room full of noisy, angry children. Sure, I could feel the impact of each hit and they all inevitably snuck past my guard to exposed parts of my body, but as long as I protected the right areas I could just put on a tough face and grimace through it. Even strikes to my groin and face didn't really hurt, I just had to fight my instincts to not flinch at every blur in that direction. He wasn't capable of dropping the breaker state at the exact moment of impact, so any of the real attacks had a notable and obvious wind-up to them for me to respond to. I could manage this.

The thought of pulling a string of fabric loose from my clothes and stretching it into a lethal weapon for him to run into does occur to me, but even if he was a terribly weak hero – he wasn't stupid. He would probably see me setting it up, and I was fairly sure PHO said that his particularly brand of speedster was more about him going at normal speeds with everything else slowed down, rather than actually zipping around too fast to stop when he feels his leg brushing up against a time-locked thread. Without the help of gravity or actual speed, I was fairly sure that someone running into a thread at normal speeds would be more along the lines of 'bad papercut' and a bruise rather than the instant, confused bisection that I was dreaming of.

I feel a pressure at my back and then my heels, finding myself being inched forward as the wall presses against me. The room was shrinking? I had guessed that might happen previously in the previous times that I had seen the CAGE modifier but it was hard to really tell at the time with the bland shape and colouration of the walls. This was the first time that it had come up as something that might be of use in a fight, I just had to figure out how to use it.

My next thought is that I could try diving back into a pile of containment foam with the shadow state, then wait long enough for Velocity to get squished up against it as he would have no similar method of getting deep inside of it. Unfortunately, the piles weren't uniform in size, and it was probably a safe guess that he would find a safer spot to stand while I found out exactly what happened to any squishy people inside when containment foam was compressed. My guess was that it would get messy.

But the idea itself was workable. Trapping him between a rock and a hard place. It took the burden away from me trying to get a finishing blow on a target that was near-impossible to hit when he wasn't being cocky – and instead just required me to hold him in place for some time. That was much more achievable, even if still difficult.

The wall nudges me forward another half-step again, slightly faster than before but still very slow – a decrepit old man hobbling across a street with their walking stick would easily outpace its advance for now, and with the original arena stretching out like a football field I wasn't feeling any major time pressure. What to do? Clockblocker's power was the only thing that could act as an anvil for the wall, but my weak variant wouldn't work on anything that he was wearing or items that were over a certain size. I could take my shirt or belt off, sure – but to then position it in a way that would kill him once I held him into place was the hard part.

Perhaps setting something up for him to see coming in advance was an impossible idea, made worse by the fact that the timer might well expire at an inopportune moment if it didn't immediately start crushing something. I couldn't use my own clothes either, the power doesn't work on things that are encompassing me or others like that. Although, saying that, I already knew that my freezing power would forbid me from tagging a watch around my wrist but allow it when I was just holding it – if I did the same to my shirt, that was probably the largest object I would be able to use in this arena. As soon as I got a solid hold on Velocity, I could freeze it and wait for the wall to catch up.

Too complicated. Dumb it down. Stick to the basics. There was no way I could get the shirt into a decent position, freeze it and then trap him against it as the wall approached. Even then, I would have to remain there holding him in position – unable to shift out without freeing him as well, leaving it entirely up to luck as to who got killed first. I didn't need to kill him outright like that – I just needed to win the fight off of the attack, a massive injury or crippling blow would suffice too. He would never let me attempt it again if it failed, unlikely to even enter my half of the room until I either starve or the challenge decides I've taken too long and awards him with enough buffs to wipe the floor with me.

If I could just get any grip on him at all, I could go back to my string idea. Don't worry about trying to get him to run into it, just keep him near a wall – grab onto an important appendage and freeze the string into a blade that would slice off the offending limb once the wall reaches the thread despite any resistance from the flesh between the two objects. All I would have to do is survive his attacks for the few moments it would take for the wall to trap him in place, then he would abruptly find himself crippled and bleeding out with no way for him to do anything about it.

Easy. All I had to do was catch him. I'd get battered for it, undoubtedly, but he wasn't so much stronger than me that I couldn't take a solid hit or three if it would assure victory. I absently pull a loose thread away from my shirt, snapping it cleanly off and pinching it between two fingers – just waiting for an opportunity to use it.

I start to slide my way towards the corner of the room, ignoring the obnoxious harassment from the speedster trying to keep me off-balance and threatening blows at my face and crotch. He never fully commits though, likely realising the same thing that I had – shifting back to normal speed gave me a chance to counterattack as well. Even something as simple as latching onto his fist would all but eliminate his power, his speed wouldn't help him break free from my grip – so he was as stuck as I was, waiting for me to make a mistake so that he could capitalise risk-free. Neither of us had the capability to truly hurt the other while the stalemate went on.

At least, until he makes a mistake. He had doubtless assumed that my plan was to abuse the corner to limit his options even further, forcing him to face me from a single direction without the possibility of flanking or dodging out to one side. This time, he commits to preventing me from reaching that – the continuous deluge of weak hits driving me backwards despite my attempts to push forward. One step, two steps – I begin to let myself get pushed backwards even more, leaving one arm hanging out to the side and holding the echo there, not as a fully formed strike like he had come to expect, but merely as the solid shape of my arm that would serve to bar his path should he try to walk through it once activated.

He steps into the invisible trap, and then past it. I don't hesitate in my immediate assault – triggering the echo to block any quick backsteps out of my reach and immediately using Vista's power to shorten space between us. My low tackle aims down at his legs, and his immediate retreat is blocked by my ghostly hand for just a moment too long – my arms bundle around his leg even as he ducks under the outstretched limb, realising too late what had occurred.

"Gotcha." I grin at him as we tumble to the floor, with myself wrapped around the single leg I was able to reach first – his speedster power abandoned and my echo powerset useless without the ability to take a proper swing at him. Panacea wouldn't work through the bodysuit, Vista's power slowly undoing itself for another thirty seconds or so – I didn't have anything special to help hit him or reduce the damage I was taking. I do my best to drag us both towards the wall, not concerned about the hits he was landing on me. Without his speedster power, he was already doing more damage to me than he had done over most of the fight so far – but the moment we roll into the wall, such minor injuries don't matter anymore, even if he is unaware of that fact.

Admittedly, he isn't at all hesitant or unsure now about how to deal with me now that I've managed to catch him – he immediately starts assaulting my exposed head with a barrage of powerful stomps from his remaining leg, not realising the danger that I was already setting up with the string dangling from one hand. I freeze it vertically in the air next to his upper thighs, then grab the other leg as his foot slams into my cheek. Holding both limbs in place, there's nothing at all to defend me from him as he sits up and starts swinging wildly at my unprotected back and head with massive, bruising punches. I just bitterly endure it, face locked in a grimace as my vision spins from each successive strike. It only takes a few seconds of Velocity's attempt to wriggle free of my grip for him to accidentally bump the upper part of his leg into the frozen thread. To his credit, he immediately recognises the power in question and immediately changes his tactics from assault to escape – trying to backpaddle with his arms and pushing away by leveraging his arms against the wall and my own body, to no avail thanks to my vice-like grip.

For my part, nothing changes. Hold the legs in place. Don't move. Just survive. We were already extremely close to the wall, to the point where I could feel my shoulder being pressured by the movements of the wall. Despite his obvious panic and frantic escape attempts, he does make a momentary effort to grasp my upper body and force it into the shrinking gap between thread and wall – but the idea occurs to him too late and he can't find a strong enough grip in time before the gap becomes too narrow to push me through.

His leg locks up and straightens as the space he has to move shrinks down to nothing, and then the compression begins. The squish goes even better than expected, an agonised roar emerging from Velocity is almost drowned out by the cracks and pops that emerge from the upper half of his leg being ground to a pulp by the movement of the wall – bone splinters and bloody viscera emerging in every direction as I pull back myself. I had expected a brutally clean cut after seeing Clockblocker's example, but the loose thread that I had so hastily set-up is nowhere near so thin or precise – it just acts as a dividing line between two sides of the body that crumple and snap around the line, only finally starting to work through bone when there is nothing left to give on either side.

It only takes a few seconds for the grim task to be complete, the agonised howl of the hero acting as music to my ears as I push myself up away from the wall – tossing the bloodied, broken pair of legs to the side as Velocity backs away with two bloody stumps attached to his torso, using his arms to backpedal away instead. Using his power to keep up the speed, clearly – but the river of blood he had left in his wake told the real story. This fight was already over. I might not catch him, but his power is working against him here. If I understand his powers right, activating his speed state lets him experience time normally while everything else slows down, but all that does now is ensure that from my perspective he'll just bleed out multiple times faster than he would have previously. I knew very, very well at this point what shock and rapid blood loss could do to someone – so as long as he didn't get a chance to somehow stymie the bleeding, it was only a matter of time before he lost consciousness and I could finish the job.

I don't have to wait that long to work it out. Whatever surge of adrenaline served to keep him up and running seems to run out, the now-distant form of the crippled man slumping over as the last of the fight leaves him.

He wasn't any good at fights like this. There wasn't a combat-based Cape in the Bay who couldn't trash Velocity in a fair fight. He was the support guy. The scout. The wait-for-the-real-heroes-to-get-here guy. Not a fighter. No special way of attacking, and using his power rendered him pretty much useless at anything other than pure repositioning. In truth, he would probably have more of a chance trying to fight me without using his power at all – his slightly superior physique and training against my echo, shadow state and as much fuckery as I could do with Vista's power. If I hadn't been able to abuse the slow shrinking of the room, it was hard to imagine what I could have done to him that would have actually put him down.

On top of that, it wasn't really Velocity I was up against. He fought like him, clearly, but the real one would almost certainly have never closed the distance against an unknown combatant with unknown powers or even confronted me alone at all. With this version, he only started to respect the powers as I revealed them – trying to account for the possibility of echo attacks and changing his angle of attack when I screw with space on one side – but without the PREP modifier or any other information to work with there just wasn't any way for him to know about any powers I hadn't shown. Ironically, if I was a bit stronger and had revealed a more dangerous power in melee I might have just scared him off from approaching me at all – leaving me with no way to catch him in a reasonable time frame and ensuring my eventual defeat.

I couldn't count on being this lucky next time.

SUCCESS

Reward: Relativity Adjustment (1)​

I savour the reward text for a moment. Finally. Finally. My first Mover powerset. Flexibility. Something that put me firmly in the superhuman-category. Something that put me in a position where I could always outpace a regular guy, or escape from a bad situation when cornered. That would, in theory, stop the increasingly-rare-but-still-too-common losses to regular people with knives or guns.

I suppress my grin as the sights and sounds of real life make themselves known to my senses once more, along with a slight feeling of shakiness as the continuous string of tough challenges continued to make take its toll on my body as a warning. One more. One more and I would call it quits for the day.

I glance at Velocity again, who is none-the-wiser about my recent victory.

Velocity

Hero 2/5

(REAL) (WRLD)​

I frown at that. I wasn't intending to challenge anyway, but it did bring most of Velocity's strengths back to the table – reinforcements, the ability to stall for time and the incredible ease with which he could escape a losing fight. On top of that, he now had the capability to restock any gear he ended up using, could ambush me with impunity and might even just have friendly people out in the field or patrolling with him that I would have to fight.

A problem for future-me to deal with. This first version of his power was more than enough for me to work with. It was another tool, just like Sophia's power – something that would let me solve a different challenge, which might reward me with another power that I could put to work on this one.

No, the target for my last fight of the day was already decided in my head. Manpower. A Brute, thanks to his power augmenting him with electromagnetic strength and shielding. I wanted a Brute powerset for obvious reasons, but I was also optimistic that his abilities would be effective against Sophia's power in future challenges.

I draw in a deep breath to steady myself, let my eyes roam over to Manpower and the lone TIME modifier floating next to him. No trouble. "Challenge."

The familiar site of the Pelham household appears in front of me. I had scouted it out before, but had pretty swiftly given up once it became apparent that people weren't coming in and out as regularly as the Dallon household – and there weren't any windows that were positioned in the right way for someone in the street to peer through without looking suspicious. With my interests aimed primarily at staying under the radar at the time, I had simply moved on to other things for the moment – but I could still recognise the house when I saw it.

A TIME modifier was nice and easy to work around, even if did prevent me from really scouting around for the perfect ambush or weapon to work with. It was probably a safe assumption that he was inside the house, waiting to aggro the moment I alerted him. My tactics were going to pretty limited here, find a blade, sneak behind him and stab him. In a head-on fight, I didn't stand much of a chance – the moment he activated his powers I would no longer have any means to hurt him, but until that time he essentially didn't have a Brute rating. Apart from the bit where he was a 7-foot-plus behemoth of a man that was probably the poster child for gym-goers and male models everywhere. Nothing major.

But enough idle speculation. I reach out to my new power, keen to give it a try. The speed-state was almost certain to be weaker than Velocity's in at least a few ways, meaning I had little hope of it helping me in direct combat at all – but now was a good time to see its limits, in a challenge where my odds of winning naturally were admittedly fairly low. I flip the mental switch to engage the power, feeling my body slow to a crawl for a second, two seconds, three seco- and I can move again. I take an experimental step to the side, feeling the physical drag of my clothes against the wind slowing me down far more than I was expecting. Despite that, the leaves kicked up at my feet seem sluggish and slow as they drift through the air – the only real sign I have that my movements are faster than usual relative to my usual self.

It's a little bit harder to slow myself down as well, finding purchase against the ground with my other leg to just stop moving seems to take longer than usual. I was certainly thinking comparatively faster to how fast I was moving. Gravity still works in terms of keeping me oriented correctly, but seems generally weakened in terms of keeping my grip on the ground firm. Jumping? I leap into the air experimentally, not gaining a huge amount more than usual in height – but certainly falling down slower, with the unpleasant feeling of my clothes momentum dragging me upwards for a moment as I start to fall. That could be a bit of a problem. A bit more testing reveals that sharp turns are almost entirely beyond me without using an object to parkour off of – the combination of my lack of grip and momentum from my clothes dragging me off my intended course on every attempt.

Straight lines only – or gentle, wide curves at worst. Crashing into a wall or object is an easy, painless way to stop, but I don't think I could repeat Velocity's trick of circling an opponent and hitting them from behind in a timely manner.

Speaking of which… I flick the speed state off. My body locks up again, refusing to move a muscle even mid-stride for a few moments – sending me tumbling to the ground thanks to my off-balance position. After a moment, I can pick myself back up again. I check the mental switch. Available. No cooldown on it at all, just a mandatory start-up and cool-down period when swapping between states. Unusable in most fights, standing still for three seconds or so would be certain to get me beaten to a pulp. It was a safe assumption that the original's restriction on not lifting or hitting things with any real force was still an issue. It might be worthwhile to ditch the loose shirts and jackets if speed was massively critical in a future challenge to handle the air-resistance issue, but I wouldn't be caught dead in a bodysuit as lame as Velocity's one – I'd rather cruise through town half-naked than that.

Still. Even with all the caveats, restrictions and weaknesses – I couldn't help but have a little grin on my face at the simple, floaty feeling of sprinting around like I was. An actual speedster, vastly faster than the average guy. I knew, intellectually, that the power wasn't the strongest in my arsenal – but out of all the powers I had gathered it felt the most satisfying to use. The most fun, for lack of a better word.

After failing to run vertically up a wall for more than a few steps without pushing myself away into thin-air, I decide to save any further experiments for another day and actually make an attempt at beating the challenge before the TIME modifier came into play. I suppose I could at least confirm that the timer went by real-time and ignored the additional time I personally experienced while in the speed-state – otherwise, I would already have the first wave of reinforcements coming for my head.

I peer through a window, and seeing nobody around, phase through it in a single smooth movement. The house was fairly quiet, save for the gentle hum and clatter of whatever household appliances were running in the background. Television, some furniture – but no angry Cape. I quietly step through one doorway into a corridor, peering into a tiled room to find the dining room. Nothing there-

I freeze in place as I hear a footstep, half-turning to find my target in the doorway to a room I hadn't checked yet – staring directly at me. I was positive that I hadn't made any sounds that could be heard over the washing machine and dishwasher nearby, and his expression and demeanour didn't seem like he had detected me and decided to search. No. He fucking moves around. I curse my luck as I dive through the doorway into the kitchen. The vast majority of targets that were on their own like this didn't move at all, unless a REAL or WRLD modifier was involved.

I hit the speed-state immediately upon breaking line of sight, freezing in place for an agonising number of seconds. Halfway through the count, Manpower bursts through the wall like a battering ram – sparks glistening across his body and arcs of electricity outlining him and coalescing into small shields to deflect debris. It's a small mercy that he can't see me immediately as he bursts through, the brief delay in catching sight of me giving my speed-state just a little bit more time to activate.

And then I was free again. Quickly backstepping away from his full body charge, then stepping back again as I note the blue-white wall of lightning manifesting just ahead of his charge. He was slow, but I couldn't hit him like this. I kick off the counter to change direction quickly, noting in the process that he was already adjusting his course in my new direction. Not fast enough to catch me, but it was clear that he could still track me easily enough. The shattered pieces of the wall scattering around the room are more of an obstacle than the charging Cape – attempting to nudge them aside takes too long, each fragment needing a hefty shove to redirect, all while my foe closed in from behind at a pace too fast to ignore, even slowed-down as it was. I duck under the obstacles instead, clambering across the floor just fast enough to maintain the distance I had from the Brute – then scrambling upwards to gain more space.

And then an explosion of force sends me flying into the wall faster than I can react, unable to adjust my course – and even if I could, I wouldn't be able to get past the rubble that follows after me. I try to push clear for a moment as I see Manpower gaining on me, electricity layer reforming around him already. I knew he could detonate his shields like that, but I was more familiar with it knocking people off their feet when they were right next to him – clearly my speed-state was magnifying the force I was receiving instead of the reverse, changing something that should have sent me stumbling for a moment into a force capable of slamming me into the opposite wall. I reach out for another power on instinct, only to realise that I had to disable the speed-state first. With that mode unlikely to get me past the rubble and debris coating my body in time, I bite the bullet and start the change back to normal.

Manpower immediately speeds up, his previously sluggish movements now turning into a blisteringly fast bull charge. I'm frozen. One second. Two- and he's got me in his grip, slamming me back into the wall before pulling me back. He practically hurls me into the floor with his one-handed grip, my muscles loosening up the instant before my head is about to crack open like an egg. I pick Sophia's power on pure instinct to save my skin, but a fraction of a second later, I morbidly realise what's about to happen as the air around me turns blue in every direction.

FAILURE

Hint: Some challenges are difficult to confront head-on. Consider avoiding a fair fight and change up your tactics when needed!​

I scowl at the hint. As if that wasn't what I was trying to do, before the challenge decided that this fight wasn't hard enough and that he should be patrolling his house instead of just waiting for me.

Then I frown down at my hands. That was a fast death though. I had expected it to be extremely painful and to kick me back into my physical form, but skipping straight to here after impact implied that the attack had killed me outright. Or at least instantly knocked me out, at which point he killed me. It wasn't clear which of those was the truth, but it did at least prove that his power was as effective on Sophia as I had expected it to be. This was the way forward for her. Get Manpower's first power and use it to clear through Sophia's challenges with ease. The first level of her power was easily my most-used option and getting its full functionality would be hugely valuable going forward.

Alas, it wasn't to be today. Based on the scenario, my initial guess that I needed another power to match him was probably correct – I hadn't appreciated the speed with which he could flood the air immediately around him with electricity, so even my optimistic plan of knifing him and running away would probably fail now that I knew Shadow Stalker and Velocity's powersets weren't viable escape tools from him.

I muse on potential alternatives as the teleporter finally arrives. An unfamiliar Cape who floats in the air above us and waves a hand to send us on our way before I can even read his challenge text. I follow the Brockton Bay crowd to another area as we split away from the generic America group, teleporting again just a few short minutes afterwards.

Contrary to my expectations, the Endbringer truce doesn't dissolve the instant we return back. I mean, I wasn't expecting outright fighting or attempted arrests, but the cordiality between heroes and villains as they gathered themselves together and waited for people to give them a lift was something to behold. I opt to slip away before anyone else tries to talk to me, having had more than my fill of challenges for the day. Everything felt sore, even without any real injuries to speak of – but I was very happy to mark the day as a whole as a big success for me. I couldn't say the same for Canberra, but with the Simurgh you rarely could – so I'd take what I could get.

I duck into a side alley to lose my mask and change my outfit as much as I could, but I'm not being followed as best as I can tell – so I just take the extended walk home. It was long, but I didn't have anything better I wanted to do today – and when I finally get home, neither Alice nor Clara comment on my late appearance. Content with the days work, I flop inelegantly onto my bed and close my eyes.



The next school day, my morning lessons are spent paying only a fraction of attention to my lessons – most of my focus is dedicated to working out what was wrong with the skill thief power I got from Victor. I had, naturally, activated it almost immediately upon entering the school, but nothing seemed to happen. I leave it on during History class, and I get the vague sensation of the power briefly siphoning something out of a few of the keener students at the front for a few minutes. From almost everyone else in the room, it was as if they weren't even there. I struggled for a while to isolate the cause, shifting seats to see if proximity or line of sight had an effect, trying to focus a particular person and holding a specific mental image of what I wanted to drain. No luck. Even those siphons tapered off about halfway through the lesson, and I wouldn't get anything on my trip through the corridors to Computer class either.

But that's where I worked out the trick to it. My Computer class is, to put it bluntly, divided into the nerds and the mouth breathers. One side of the room is full of people who probably attend a tech-related club and are only really here for attendance and to work on projects for their grade, the other is full of students who need a lot of help to get anything done and would be lucky to get a passing grade if they had an extra year to study. This time, my leeching-field practically lights up with the half of the room waiting for the lecture at the start to be over and being given permission to work on their own tasks – which then peters out once they actually start working on those activities.

It's practice. Or to be more precise, wasted practice, if there was such a thing. The people who are learning new skills, absorbing facts or improving their abilities get completely ignored. Only those who are repeating things they already know or are executing familiar tasks get targeted. In a game-sense, it feels like people who have maxed out their experience points in a certain skill become eligible for me to skim the wasted points off of the top. When they move onto an unfamiliar subject, they go back to earning XP for that non-maxed skill.

I could only assume that meant that I would, eventually, become as good a student as whoever the best, most knowledgeable person in each of my classes happened to be – but I probably wouldn't be able to advance beyond that level unless I found a library or something with some university students or rocket scientists revising things to themselves. For more practical skills, I would need to find a martial arts club in session to leech from, ideally with plenty of people who have already plateaued or reached the top of the sport in question.

I'd have to admit to being a bit disappointed that it wasn't something I could really use against an opponent directly, but my larger fear for the power was that any gains would be merely temporary and that doesn't seem to be the case so far. Passively becoming a better student in general was always a good thing. But by far the best usage I had found so far was when I had quietly left it running when I showed up for my regular beat-down with Sophia's current challenge. I had been delighted to find that I could leech off of her as she beat me up, evidently meaning that I wasn't enough of a challenge to force her to improve – but if it worked out in my favour I would shut my mouth for the moment and count my blessings.

Lunchtime comes and goes. I don't spot either Taylor or Emma's group for most of the day, only running into them during our last scheduled class in World Issues. Mr G was, as always, being drowned out by the rowdy squabbling of the likely-delinquents on the left side of the room – and instead of trying to silence them, assigns us our project for the next two weeks. Research on an issue and a presentation, organised in groups of three.

I resign myself to waiting for the majority of the groups in the room to resolve themselves and for the stragglers to collate together – but Emma sashays over to me with a wide grin on her face, claiming me for her group without needing to say a word. A few of her friends seem surprised at her departure, but quickly resume deciding groups among themselves in fear of being left out.

I consider Emma for a moment. Her challenge dropped me into a fight with the Azn Bad Boys in an alleyway and told me to escape, if I remembered correctly. I check again to remind myself.

Emma Barnes

Winslow Student 3/4

(HUNT) (EVNT)

That was it. HUNT – and both Lung and Oni Lee would show up after I handle the gang members mugging me.

But couldn't I outrun them now? Oni Lee was fast at teleporting around an area, especially at sharp angles that would confuse anyone in a fight – but in terms of feats, PHO threads cited his lack of ability to keep up rapid jumps in a straight line against speedsters, fliers and vehicles. He can't keep teleporting through the air, he can't keep up with speeding vehicles for long and he is just nowhere near as lethal as he should be in most fights he joins. For someone with instant teleportation, it was proof that there were internal limits on his abilities somewhere – if I hopped into my speed state and sprinted away, I would wager money that I could start making some serious distance between us and eventually win the challenge.

"Challenge." I whisper it under my breath before she gets close enough to hear me.

I don't even hesitate as the familiar alley way appears around me, the opening moves trivially easy after so many attempts. "-eye, mouth-" The thug reels back as a nearby fly buries itself into his eye, leaving me waiting for another second or two before my almost immediate activation of my speed state is complete. When I become able to move, I'm still slightly held down by his weight, but he's off balance and not pinning my centre down – letting me wriggle out to the side and squirm free of his grasping hands before he can lock me down properly.

I don't bother to hang around for the other gang members. There isn't any need to fight them. The only one worth any consideration is the gunman at the far side of the alley – and even if I'm not faster than a bullet, I am faster than his ability to adjust his aim. The only way I would get hit is by blind luck on his part, and thankfully, he fires three wide shots that whizz past me – and then I'm out of his line of fire and out into the street.

A glance behind me shows me the main problem. Lung and Oni Lee started rounding the corner into the alley the moment I started running. Lung was pumping out fire as he slow-walked towards me, but more importantly I could see Oni Lee which meant- I duck out of instinct, but I'm clearly moving too fast for the ninja-like Cape to assassinate as easily and precisely as last time. His first attack misses me by a mile, stabbing into empty air as I take a moment to redirect myself off of a passing car.

I keep my gaze locked over my shoulder to see him turn towards me again – follow the line of sight… I spin back around, finding him in the middle of the street with his hand already popping the pins off a pair of grenades. I weave left as best as I can, passing the explosives without incident and then bracing myself for the shockwave. It isn't as bad as Manpower discharging his shield, perhaps due to the added distance and my own preparation – but I barely slow down as Oni Lee appears ahead to repeat the trick. Clearly, he's twigged that I'm too fast for him to teleport on top of me and land a hit with a knife – so a wider area AOE attack is his best chance to land a hit.

Two more failed bombing attempts, and the next time I see him – he's sprinting after me. He shouldn't need to run if he could teleport, so the impromptu battle of speedster vs teleporter seems to be leaning in my favour. As if to punish me for the thought, a sneaky teleport on my blind spot results in me being grazed with his blade – but I can shrug something minor like that off without too much trouble. He's not a real ninja, he doesn't use poisoned weaponry. I continue to zoom down the main road towards the Bay – relishing the fact that moving this fast isn't that tiring at all in this state, normally, I would be exhausted three times over by now.

Oni Lee doesn't teleport again for an even longer period of time, missing yet another series of grenades spread across the road when he finally does. It's impossible to be safe from their clutches by simply hiding as long as the HUNT modifier exists to give them my exact location. I need to get somewhere where they can't follow me. And for now, that meant sprinting across the city and heading towards the Protectorate HQ.

Taking the waters of the Bay in front of me into consideration, I change my mind. I could make it to the Protectorate HQ without much trouble, but without knowing how to turn off the forcefield bridge – they could just follow me across. The reason I had defaulted to it was the idea that they couldn't cross the large gap of water, but did I really need the crutch of the HQ itself? I had struggled enough with Velocity's power to grip the ground fully and change directions enough to know that my current relationship with gravity and mass wasn't quite normal. At these speeds, it wouldn't take much for me to just sprint across water full stop. Velocity could do it, I already knew – and even if this power is weaker, I only had to get far enough out for my pursuers to give up on reaching me with any reasonable means at their disposal.

Before I can change my mind, I'm sailing through the air into the waters of the Bay. Onto, would perhaps be a better word. The initial angle is poor, sending one foot up to my ankle in water before my other foot can start to propel me forward and up again – but after a slow start, I'm sprinting across the water with ease. I take a wide berth around the Protectorate HQ in case I trigger some form of defensive shield by mistake. I get out of the Bay itself with little fanfare, absently realising that my biggest enemy out in the wider sea is the higher waves and sea spray posing real obstacles for me when it's so hard to change directions and impossible to slow down without falling into the water.

I don't need to worry about that for long though, the water disappears between one step and the next – the simulation clearly deciding that the pursuit can't continue all the way out here, or perhaps the HUNT modifier has a range limit. I would guess the former, but can't rule out the latter.

SUCCESS

Reward: Emma Barnes+​

"You could look more pleased to see me." She smirks down at me with arms crossed, looking no different than usual. "I saw two people all on their own at the back of the room, and kindly decided to group up with them. I could have picked anyone I wanted out of the entire class, and I decided to go with you. Be grateful!"

"Sure. Your majesty is too kind." Then my brain catches up with her words. "…two?"

Her grin widens even more. "Of course." She pulls me up from my seat and tugs me towards Taylor. "I know that Taylor causes all sorts of trouble sometimes, messes with projects and tells all sorts of strange lies for no reason – but I really do think that she isn't a complete lost cause. I think, with a bit of effort, she could really turn her life around."

The statement is met with a withering glare from Taylor, who then glances around the room with bag already in hand – but the rest of the groups have already been formed and Mr G has already started taking down the names of each group. Too slow, Taylor. Probably should have seen that coming. "I think you're the last person I want to hear any of that from."

"So hostile when I've done nothing to deserve it! I suppose a 'thank you' would be too much to hope for given your… reputation." Emma sighs loudly. "Still, I know we can't expect too much from you. As long as you don't do anything dramatic, like stuffing the group project down the toilet, I'm sure this group will manage just fine."

"That was your cronies and you know it." Taylor shakes her head, not seeming to be that angry yet despite the jibes. She turns to look at me instead. "And I thought you were dead-set on keeping Greg out of my sight? Changed your mind?"

"Did I say that?" Emma giggles airily. "You can forget about that. I was just a bit worried that I would lose my newfound friend to you, because you sometimes talked to each other now and then – but now I realise that was just an irrational spike of jealousy. I should know better than that." She slides an arm around my shoulder. "After all, we're good friends. Losing him to you? It's clear to everyone that I have nothing to worry about."

If the pair were on friendlier terms, that could be mistaken for gentle ribbing or even polite conversation. As it stands, I would really rather be anywhere else than between the feuding pair. "Listen, I don't really know what's going on between the two of you-"

"Nothing!/Nothing~" Both voices inform me, Taylor with a sharp, irate tone and Emma with a poisonous, singsong note.

Girls. I rally. "-but perhaps we should just divide up the tasks and… get this done in our own time? It's not that difficult a task, and if there are any parts that do need adding together I'm happy to act as a go-between if needed."

Emma pouts. "I would prefer it if Taylor could look past this little grudge of hers, but if she isn't capable of that then I'm sure we can both come and visit her as a team to check up on what she's managed to do on her own. Wouldn't that be nice?"

"Not at all." Taylor denies bluntly. "I'll agree with Greg, just split it up. I'll do my part, and we don't have to look at each other again."

I cast my gaze upwards as Emma casts some more aspersions about Taylor's ability to complete such a task without supervision. What did I do to deserve this again? Defending Taylor would probably just rip-up the tentative peace Taylor and her bullies had going on thanks to my ongoing agreement, agreeing with anything Emma said would probably make Emma's day – while turning Taylor into an enemy with a grudge against me. Neither seemed inclined to bury the hatchet between them without the other getting on their knees and apologising for whatever the original issue was, and I was just left standing here as the awkward bystander – not knowing how to fix the problem aside from getting strong enough to mind-control them both into adoring sex-slaves who could bond over my dick. An enticing thought, but one that was still quite far off. For Taylor, at least. Emma… I could probably beat her last challenge now – but I'll take it slow, if only for her proximity to Sophia and an abundance of caution.

Somehow, I make it through the next twenty minutes of bickering and veiled insults long enough to get the responsibilities of the project divided up. The ringing of the bell indicating the end of the school day is a mercy, even if we didn't quite manage to get as far as agreeing on the topic of our presentation.

At the end of the class, Emma catches up to me in the corridor – wordlessly directing me to a specific empty classroom, then to the teacher's office attached to it. She closes the door behind us, leaving us in a rather dimly lit area – a single skylight the only real source of light, my attempt to flick the light switch is blocked by her own hand. "The teacher's away this week, and she always leaves the classroom unlocked. The janitor only comes in to turn off the lights, so we won't be disturbed like this." She presses her body up against me, breasts squishing against the side of my torso as one hand slides under my shirt.

I'm not the stuttering virgin I was a few weeks ago, but I can still more than appreciate a girl being this close. "Oh?"

"You're probably wondering why I decided to pair us up with Taylor, after we agreed to keep you apart before." She muses, idly grinding her upper thigh into my crotch. "But it isn't about her, it's about you. Don't think that I can't see you always looking around for her, seeing what she's up to. It pisses me off. Whatever mental image you have of her that's making you do that, it's just wrong. She's nothing. She doesn't like you back. She isn't even hot. I think actually working with her again, comparing her to other girls around you – that might open your eyes a bit."

"It isn't like that." I protest half-heartedly, thoughts firmly focused on the feeling of her body pressing against mine. "She's a friend, we've never been like that."

"I know. Being a friend is fine. As long as you know that's all it is." She turns my face towards her fully, her lips pressing against mine in a smooth motion. I reciprocate on auto-pilot – tongues intertwining for a brief moment before she pulls away. "She's never done that with you before." It wasn't a question. "And between the two of us, it's obvious which of us is more attractive to you." Also not a question. She grabs both of my hands, sliding them up under her shirt to allow me to grope her breasts freely. "I know you like playing with my tits, and let's not pretend Taylor even slightly compares. Have I said anything wrong yet?"

"No." I shrug, feeling her nipples stiffen under my touch as my thumb ghosts over them. It wasn't the 'gotcha' question that Emma probably thought it was. Emma was hot. An absolute bombshell. This was news to exactly zero people in Winslow. Sure, I hadn't gotten very far with Taylor – but it wasn't this blind love that Emma seemed to think it was. It was nothing to do with her body, or even her powers. We just had a connection. It wasn't like I was saving myself for her, I just knew that I wasn't going to move on entirely and leave her behind. Like a side-quest in an RPG that offers rewards you don't need, but you know you want to do it for the 100% completion achievement and to unlock the good-ending for a certain NPC.

If I was perfectly honest, there was certainly a small, spiteful part of me that would be celebrating at the turnaround for the few times Taylor had turned down my friendship – actual friendship, not an attempt to get into her pants – down flat with a rude dismissal, when we were both social pariahs and could really have used a friend or two. A nasty little part of me that would rejoice at her eventual submission, listening to her begging me to fill her womb with my seed. A small part of revenge for the weird sense of superiority she seemed to have over me sometimes, even at her lowest. A bout of pettiness after my embarrassing, regular defeats to literal bugs and the damage that did to my ego. But that was a small part of me. I was more than just that. A larger part of me just liked her. Some connection between us that I couldn't just logic away with facts and reasoning.

Not that Emma would accept any of that if I was to say it out loud. My simple, one-word response seems to have made her happy though – a pleased smile faintly visible as her hands fiddle with the buttons of my jeans. She could clearly already feel my erection, pressed up against me like she was – showing no surprise as my cock springs upwards and free. She leans one hand against the desk behind me, leaning into me as her other starts to stroke my length with slow, deliberate motions.

"Can you imagine if you showed her this-" She squeezes my member lightly. "-and told her it was because of her? She'd scream at you. Never talk to you again. But me? I understand. You're a boy, and it's hardly a surprising reaction after seeing me. Considering it's my fault, it's only right that I take a bit of responsibility, hm?" Speaking of having a large ego… not that I was complaining. There was something enticing about people who knew exactly how hot they were and the effect that they had on others.

"If that's what you want to call it." Wrong thing to say, judging by the narrowing of her eyes and slight frown in response. Salvage time. "But you're right, Taylor has never done anything like this for me. You're amazing." The flattery at the end doesn't seem to have much effect, but the positive comparison to Taylor does. This girl has issues on that topic. I was quite certain that even without the final level of her challenge complete, I could eventually smash her just by hitting that jealousy button enough times and baiting her into one-upping her apparent rival again. Not that I was in any rush. It was actually quite fun seeing how far she was going under her own volition, without any pressure from me.

"Of course I am." She flicks her head to the side for a moment, tucking her hair back behind her with the action. "You're incredible lucky, you know. One of the hottest girls in the school taking the time out of her day to show you how things can really be like between a boy and a girl."

I hum in agreement. She was assuming that I was a fumbling virgin blown away by my first intimate encounter with a girl, and I saw no need to dissuade her from that notion. I lean my head back, playing up the dramatics a bit as she continues to beat me off. "Emma, if you keep that up – I'm going to cum everywhere."

She blinks at the declaration, then nods to herself. "Right." Rather than backing off, she just sinks down onto her knees – expression turning slightly consternated as her eyes get level with my cock. She half-opens her mouth, then hesitates – pulling her head slightly back as she continues to jerk me off. Her gaze turns upwards towards me, a thin layer of insecurity swiftly covered by a smug expression. "Tay-"

"Emma." I interrupt. "I think we've talked enough about Taylor for the moment. Isn't that what you've just been saying? Why would I want to think about Taylor, when I could think about the fact that Emma Barnes is about to wrap her lips around my cock?"

That puts a bit of a fire back into her eyes. "Exactly!" This time, she doesn't hesitate take my length inside her mouth – it's clear that she has no idea what she's doing, but after a few false starts she finds a comfortable solution that works for her by not attempting to do any back-and-forth motions at all. Instead, she rests my dick in her mouth while her tongue swirls around my tip – her spare hand doing all the work that was needed to milk my cock all the way to my eventual climax.

I give her a moment of warning, but she doesn't seem to pay any respect to the strength of the incoming deluge – seeming shocked when my seed erupts into her mouth, sending her spluttering back with an aggrieved look on her face. She pulls a sour expression before spitting out my cum onto the floor. I arch an eyebrow at the action. "That bad?"

The redhead flushes, seeming embarrassed at my words. "I wasn't expecting that much, and the taste wasn't what I expected." Amusingly enough, without dragging Taylor into the conversation, she's back to being a fairly normal, if embarrassed, girl trying to act like she knows far more about sex than she actually does – if only to try and maintain her confident, self-assured persona. "I know people say that you're supposed to swallow it, but that just seems a bit weird to actually do in the moment-" She trails off.

I raise my hands in surrender. "Just a joke. Don't mind me. As long as I don't have to clean it up."

"The teacher is a bitch, and she's too old to notice it anyway." Emma dismisses the idea, looking around the room for a moment before returning to lock eyes with me. "Anyway, I only came here to make the point. Now that's done, I'll be on my way."

That was a fast escape, one that I was fairly sure was fuelled by not knowing how to hold up a conversation after essentially ravishing me in the equivalent of a broom closet. "Hold up a second. What does this make… us? I assume you aren't in the habit of being this generous to every guy you meet, and it will be hard to pretend that this never happened." Phrasing.

She looks offended. "Of course not! I'm not a slut. And we aren't boyfriend or girlfriend either. I was just helping you out, because we're fr- getting along pretty well and I think it would be a shame if you made a mistake just because you didn't know any better." She crosses her arms, apparently ignorant of the continued red flush streaking across her face. "Nothing has really changed between us, but I'm not too averse to the idea of helping you out again – you know, if it's my fault you run into the same problem."

"I see." I didn't see. There were some impressive mental gymnastics going on in her head between the thoughts 'I want to cuck Taylor', 'Greg isn't in the same social tier as me so we can't date' and 'I just jerked him off in the dark corners of Winslow, and enjoyed it enough to want to do it again'. I could work with that. Asking too many questions would only raise her hackles more, while blithely accepting her excuses would normalise behaviours that were only a good thing for me. "In that case, I'll look forward to working on this project with you. Perhaps we should think of a time that I could visit your house to do some research?"

"Don't get any funny ideas. Just because I did this once, doesn't mean I'll do it again at any opportunity. You have to earn it!" She tries to justify herself some more after the implied insinuation of what research we would actually be doing. "But, yes, that would be a good idea. We can work together for a bit, and then show Taylor how much progress we've made together – I know her father, so a house call wouldn't be much of an issue."

That sounded more ominous to me than it should have, but getting a simple group project on… whatever it was that we were supposed to research was hardly going to be a notable affair compared to my ongoing challenges. What it did do though, was give me an excellent reason to be visiting Taylor outside of school hours. I hadn't made another attempt at her yet, but with my newfound skills and a bit more experimentation – I was pretty confident that I could make some real progress, and perhaps even turn her power into something moderately useful for me.

Emma practically skips back out through the doors with a quick goodbye and a declaration that she was due to be picked up by her dad any moment now, she belatedly adjusts her shirt and bra back into place before stepping out into the corridor and disappearing into the crowd.

I pull my phone out for a moment, mentally considering my options for the rest of the week. Two pictures of contact details were stored in my gallery. The heroes on one, the Empire on the other. I had Taylor to make progress on, and getting in some more attempts on Glory Girl and Panacea when they returned from Arcadia would be valuable as well. Of those, the most immediate boosts would probably be the heroes and the Empire – but exposing myself to the Empire would put me at some risk if they tried to pressure the issue, as well as inspiring a massive grudge when I joined the heroes and my powers were fully revealed to the world. They would realise that I only visited them to leech their powers and probably look to punish me for the deception. The heroes would probably realise I wanted close contact with certain Capes and keep me from most of the targets I really wanted access to until I officially joined, so going down that route would start my official debut whether I liked it or not.

I think… no. It wasn't the time to pick up the phone quite yet. A few more powers. A real, combat-focused power – a Brute or Blaster of some kind, that would let me stand up to a proper combatant in a fair fight. Once I had that, I would make my debut. Until then, anonymity was my best ally – my civilian identity was my finest weapon as long as I kept it under wraps.

I let out a pleased smile as I mentally chart out my days in the calendar ahead. Now I was getting somewhere. Less blind fumbling, more strategic planning. The future was looking bright indeed.


-

AN: I completely ran out of willpower to do anything productive at some point in the last few months. I only kicked my ass into gear when I realised how long it had been since I posted something, and decided to post a chapter deadline on my profile for the sake of accountability. Remarkably effective on getting me to start writing, even if I did end up cutting it close!

The original Velocity fight ended with Greg getting absolutely rolled, but then re-reading his fights I realised that I gravely overestimated how much damage he could do. He speed blitzes Skitter with a barrage of punches, easily sneaking by her guard and hitting her in the most vulnerable areas over and over – but she isn't even slightly fazed at the end of it. He hits her in the face three times and it's a mild annoyance – she's more worried about being pushed back to an edge that she might fall off of than she is any of the 'damage' his blows were dealing. I was aware that Velocity had issues with feeling powerless, but didn't really appreciate the extent – I had to rewrite the fight as it became apparent that neither side really had a reliable way to beat the other. If I had realised in advance what a mess it was going to be, I would have changed the modifier or brough a different hero in instead. RIP.

I feel like the story is lingering a bit too much on the challenges right now. I definitely want to make some real life progress in the Cape department, so I'll switch the focus towards that towards the end of the next chapter or the start of the one after. It's still a core part of the story, but it isn't much of a story if we never get to the actual meat of the 'plot' such as it is.

Re-reading the story really highlighted how awkward reading and remembering the challenge boxes was for a reader. It's one thing for me, as I have a pretty clear idea of the layout in my head and a spoiler-laden document to work from – but would you guys prefer me to reorganise it a bit to repeat the challenge details/modifiers at least once a chapter if its already come up in the story before? Before every separate fight? Spoiler tag it? Not sure what the ideal solution is here. I'll think about it.

I'll update the informational sheets later or maybe tomorrow, so it might take a while to reflect any changes that happened in this chapter.
Last edited: Jul 30, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Truebalance and 958 others
Tamzar
Aug 31, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twelve
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Sep 5, 2021
Add bookmark
#871
Despite the wide range of options available to me, in the end – I stick to the one that requires the least amount of adjustment to my daily schedule: Taylor. Her challenge wasn't an impossible brick wall like a fair few of the others I had seen. It was just… complicated. The EVNT modifier itself was simple enough, stopping the bank robbery with no deaths on either side. It sounded easy, particularly as both sides seemed relatively happy to go out of their way to not inflict lethal damage when given the chance. Unfortunately, even without making an active effort to kill – the fight was chaotic enough that accidents happened all too often. Really, really often.

I had taken a few attempts to try and work together with the Wards, who seemed cursed to meet some unpleasant fate without my intervention. The monster dogs were the worst to deal with, easily capable of accidentally killing anyone except for Aegis and the new Brute if the Master was distracted at the wrong time – especially under the cover of darkness. Vista had been stepped on twice, Gallant had discovered that his armour didn't hold up to the enhanced jaws of the massive beasts and on one particularly frustrating occasion, Glory Girl had descended on the field to slam one of the beasts into a cloud of darkness – which must have landed directly on top of someone because the scenario immediately ended as the dog hit the ground.

That wasn't the end of it either. Kid Win had a stupidly powerful laser cannon with him, which was both capable of killing the robbers or his own team when the clown – Regent, as I now knew him from the shouting – redirected his aim or fiddled with the controls. To top it all off was the Thinker in purple. I didn't mind it when Taylor spotted me – the GANG modifier would take effect and her 'team' would all focus me after ignoring me before, but the Thinker wouldn't do anything so aggressive once I caught Taylor's attention. She would watch me. Then after some time, clearly aware of what I was so desperately trying to stop, she would turn and fire a bullet neatly between the eyes of a hostage.

On one inspired attempt, I triggered the GANG modifier immediately and attempted to hightail it out of the area before the Thinker could work me out – but apparently once Taylor sets eyes on me, none of the group cares about minimising casualties anymore. The monster dogs would just step on a car or twenty as they pursued me through the streets, ruining my plan to win by technically stopping the bank robbery in a way that wasn't intended. I had to either prevent Taylor from aggroing at any point then make them flee the scene after failing the heist, or ensure the complete defeat of the group regardless of her aggro.

The two-hour cooldown period between each attempt gave me plenty of time to think. Taylor and the Thinker would both observe the battle from the safety of the bank, often from the safety of the second floor – Taylor directing her bugs, and the Thinker discussing something with Panacea and then usually Glory Girl shortly afterwards. If I didn't help with the fight, one of the Wards would die. If I did help, Taylor would spot me and either I would die to the ensuing murderous attacks of multiple Capes or the Thinker would work out my objective and ruin my day with a single shot.

My current plan, most recently foiled by Tattletale executing Panacea, was to attack the team inside the bank after giving a hurried speech trying to forewarn the Wards about possible issues they would face. My initial escape from the lobby had to be done in a certain way to not be detected, but re-entering through a bit of parkour and phasing through the upper windows wasn't terribly difficult. My logic was pretty simple. Clockblocker could win the battle outside alone if given enough room to work with – which was to say, if he didn't get drowned in a sea of bugs. He countered the dogs. The clown would lose his weapon if he tried to tag him. And the black guy – Grue – didn't bring anything to the table except for the lack of visibility. Taylor was the only one who could handle him.

This fight really shouldn't be that difficult. It seemed pointlessly contrived. If Clockblocker hadn't swapped costumes, he would be fully covered from the threat of bugs and would easily solo the group. The bizarre choice really showcased how much my power needed to screw with me to make these things a challenge.

But enough complaining. I only needed the right events to line up, victory was just around the corner with a bit more tweaking of my strategy outside of the bank and a better hiding spot inside. Peering through the window of her Art class after excusing myself from my own class for a toilet break let me get the challenge going almost as soon as the two-hour cooldown expired. I usually wouldn't worry so much about the timer and put my efforts elsewhere until I stumbled across her again – but if I want to make the best use of my time at school, this is the way to do it alongside my regular beatings with Sophia. "Challenge."

Clockblock the bug monitoring me. Phase out to mask my footsteps and retreat to the back of the room. Stand still as the speech goes on, wait for my shadow state to return and then slip through the wall to relative freedom. Speed state on.

I zoom across to meet the Wards as they approach the bank, all of them reacting warily to my arrival. I drop my speed-state, awkwardly freezing in place for a moment as they surround me.

"Hi, here to help. No time to explain but I'm a precog. Clockblocker, they already know about the costume switch. It was a stupid idea. They have a bug-controlling cape who is going to murder the shit out of you if she spots you – bugs in your mouth, eyes, that kind of thing. She'll be looking out from inside the building, so try and keep out of her line of sight. Aegis and, uh, the other Brute-guy-" I wave an expressive hand at the stranger. "You do fine fighting the dogs. Just keep them busy and all that. Vista, stop trying to do fancy bullshit with your powers. Just help Clockblocker tag things and do everything you can to block the bug-girls vision of the fight from the bank – you'll destroy everyone with a little bit of proper teamwork. Kid Win, you have some cannon thing and it looks really cool but it causes way more trouble than its worth and keeps killing people, especially when they get it out of your hands – if you get it out, I will actually strangle you." I breathe in deeply. "Anyway, I'm off to beat up the guys who stay inside. Don't die!"

Semi-circle around the building, clamber up a nearby fire-escape and dive across the gap between buildings – stretching the last gap and the wall with yet another shadow state. Smooth. Now then. Let's stay further away than last time, around the corner- no. The elevator for disabled visitors. The noise of the door opening isn't that loud compared to the hubbub below, and the door closes right as the larger part of the group bust out the front with the dogs.

Now to wait. The Wards had seemed to hold out well enough with that speech last time, it was only when I got myself spotted by Tattletale and subsequently got Taylor's attention that Panacea had suffered a lead injection – so if I stayed clear for a bit, either the battle outside would resolve with a death later than I had died before or I would finally get Glory Girl to take out Taylor for me without being distracted by any of the scrapping going on outside. Then I could interrupt before the remaining hostages got themselves shot or bitten for their trouble.

The fighting and ongoing alarm drowns out most of the noise I was hoping to hear, but the sound of Glory Girl crashing through the rubble of the wall was pretty unmistakable. Wait. Not yet. Once Taylor or the Thinker was handled, I would be fine. The Thinker wouldn't be so desperate to win by any means unless Taylor spotted me, and the Thinker was the only one who had worked out that killing a hostage was the best way to defeat me – if Taylor spotted me without her, Glory Girl and I could easily beat her up together, with the Wards mopping up the people outside as they tried to reach me.

Gunshot. I wait a second. Two seconds. Then I press the button to open the doors, sprinting out to jump onto whoever the surviving member was-

I blink down at Glory Girl's writhing, bug-coated body with Panacea screaming over her. "How the hell did you manage that?" Glory Girl was the closest thing to Alexandria we had in the Bay. I'd seen the feats thread on PHO, her forcefield could take a hell of a beating. Neither of them should have had the ability to get through it.

Taylor looks at me. Purple-bitch looks at me.

I raise my hands in surrender, intent to win the scenario completely gone. "I'm serious, I really want to know." I plead for a moment. "I'll happily let you kill me right now if you tell me." Purple-bitch looks at Panacea. "Oh, fu-"

Bang.

FAILURE​

"-ck you!" I complete the expletive into the void.

Two hours later, I spy Taylor at lunch. "Challenge."

I give the same speech to the Wards, this time heading up onto the roof to wave Glory Girl down. She seems to consider ignoring me for a moment, but begrudgingly floats closer as my agitated waving seems to overcome her urgency. "Where is-"

I point downwards as my knees shake, voice coming out a little raspy as her aura washes over me. "Panacea's just below here, smash through the wall and you'll spot her straight away. Go for the bug-looking girl first thing, she's the biggest problem – the girl in purple is bluffing, she won't shoot any of the hostages if you take the bug-chick out of the equation. Don't try to talk it out, they have a Thinker - that's exactly what they want."

She doesn't seem to trust me, but seeing as I was basically telling her to do what she was going to do anyway I think the message sunk in. I take a little longer to scramble down off the edge of the roof, using my shadow state to latch onto the hole she made and land inside safely.

Glory Girl seems to have Taylor pinned, thankfully not in a way that she has line of sight towards me. "Hello, purple bitch." I wave warmly.

"I've been called worse." She switches her gun to point at me. "I suppose I have you to thank for the mess outside?"

"It's only gotten less messy thanks to my intervention. You're welcome, by the way." I don't bother to move any closer, idly watching Panacea dive to cover and then inch her way towards Glory Girl across the floor.

She shifts backwards, a wry smirk reaching her lips. "Wow, you really are a basket case of issues aren't you. The whole asylum in one package."

I point at the furrow of destruction where Glory Girl choke-slammed Taylor through a half-dozen desks and has her pinned to the floor. I would say its unnecessary, but the bugs still seem to be attacking Glory Girl and blocking visibility in that side of the room – so she must have made it out in better shape than I thought. "Why don't you focus on helping your friend? If she goes down, you're going to lose here – you shouldn't need me to point that out."

"You want to know how to beat Glory Girl's forcefield?" She laughs. "And why should I tell you? You think it will help you fuck her?" Her smile widens. "Yeah, that's it. You really want to be able to beat her in a fight, which will help you get into her pants. That's how your power works. You want do the same to me. Same to Bug. Same to goody-two-shoes over there. Pretty messed up of you. I'd probably be doing the world a favour using this bullet on you."

"It wouldn't stick." I reply pleasantly. "But really, I don't think Taylor enjoys being choked out by Glory Girl nearly as much as I would. It really would be frustrating to win here just on the cusp of finding out something important. Go ahead and save her, I do promise not to interfere if you tell me the secret. I'm a man of my word, surely you can tell that I'm telling the truth here? It's a good deal for you, wouldn't you agree? I learn how to beat one of your enemies, you walk free instead of being arrested?"

"Fine." She raises her hand to the side, pulling the trigger directly at the cloud of bugs on the opposite side of the room. "Tinkertech bullets. Forcefield didn't stand a chance." Glory Girl collapses screaming again.

"Huh. Fancy that." I nod in approval. Not something I could use in my own challenges, but useful information nevertheless.

The smirk leaves her face as the scream starts to choke off. "Shit. Bug's unconscious."

"Not my problem." I cheer, taking a moment to peer outside. Blotches of darkness all across ground, small craters dotting the area and streaks of light flashing across between one patch of darkness and the other. I glance upwards as a powerful boom echoes across the battlefield. "Not again!"

I was going to fucking murder Kid Win. Take control of the Wards program, rebrand him to Kid Loser. Was listening to a helpful stranger really that hard?

"Idiot! Her last orders to the bugs are still in effect, she's going to die if you don't help. You can't afford for her to die, right? Use those powers of yours!" She snaps at me.

I pull a face. "No point, Kid Win hopped onto his stupid little cannon and I can't get over there in time to stop him. Between Vista's warps all over the place and Regent targeting him first, he always gets someone killed when he pulls it out. Guarantee you that there's a hostage somewhere with some rubble through his eye or a gaping hole in his chest right now."

"This isn't a game-" She seems to twig that the conversation is pointless, returning to the task of trying to slap away bugs from the flying brick's airway. It's nice to reaffirm that the girl has some morals when not bloodlusted by the challenge – evidently the gun is a complete bluff and she has no intention of killing anyone. Probably more than aware of exactly how hard they come down on villains who kill hostages and heroes alike – better to surrender, get broken out of jail and stay relatively friendly to law enforcement than risk a maximum-security prison cell or even the Birdcage itself.

"Tinkertech bullets, huh." I muse, watching Kid Win get tagged by Regent from behind again – jerking his aim up as he tries to take out a dog. The master of the dogs gets clipped instead, taking a shot rated for Brutes as a baseline human and being sent flying like a ragdoll across the battlefield – skidding and rolling across the ground to come to rest as an unmoving, limp figure at the base of the steps. "I'll have to test that, of course."

FAILURE ​

Two hours and five minutes later, I call Kid Win a moron and then shoot Glory Girl in the face with the Thinker's weapon.

FAILURE​

"I'm not stupid." I tell her. "It's clearly not Tinkertech bullets. You really think I would fall for that?"

That bitch – Tattletale – grins at me. "Oh, there's a specific weakpoint that you have to hit – it's just a matter of aiming at the right area."

FAILURE​

"There is no weakpoint. You can't fool me that easily." I cross my arms, looking unimpressed.

"She charges it up throughout the day, and she's already expended most of it for the day. The bugs tried to bite her so many times that it just chipped away at her reserves without her realising, then the gun took down what was left – she just ran out of juice to work with." She explains laconically.

"I see." I nod wisely.

FAILURE​

She makes a calming gesture at me. "Easy on the murder-eyes there. The truth is the shield works in layers, she breaks the first one and the second takes over while the first recovers. She broke the first coming through the wall, the bugs landed on the second one underneath – I broke the second one, then the bugs were already underneath the first one when it took over."

I weigh it in my head. "Plausible."

She sighs in relief. "Had me worried for a second there. Glad we could talk it out."

"Me too." I smile. "Because I'm willing to believe what comes out of your mouth plenty of times because you're hot and look great in that outfit – but everything has limits, you know?"

The Thinker chuckles nervously.

FAILURE​

"Hello, purple bitch." I repeat. I can't quite muster up the cheer I had in my voice the first time around.

"I've been called wor- back off." There isn't a trace of joviality on her face now, clearly my expression must look very scary indeed.

"No more jokes? I'm hurt." I walk towards her methodically. "Go on. Shoot." I wasn't that worried about one gunman, not when my shadow state was back up and I had no other distractions. Especially not when I knew that she was bluffing, with no intention of pulling that trigger yet. Maybe that would change as she worked out more details about me and my intentions, but that wasn't the case yet. Every time, she needed time to work with. Needed me to talk. To act. To respond to events.

She swaps targets to Panacea. "I will. Stop walking."

I snort. "You won't. You'll go straight to the Birdcage, and you know I don't care if she lives or dies. You've put yourself into a corner where the only thing you can do is bluff. The only thing that can save you right now are the heroes or giving me the information I want."

"Creepy. Somebody watched too many edgy movies as a kid." She backs away again at my advance. "You'll forgive me if I don't want to rely on the good nature of a psychopath, rapist and murderer."

Guesswork, I think – the tightening of her eyes serving as confirmation to me that her power had confirmed parts of the guess in some way. Not entirely accurate in my opinion, but I guess it was semantics from her perspective. "Now we get straight to the insults. Cutting straight to the heart of the matter, without dancing around the issue like before. Maybe this is what they call progress?" I shrink the distance between us and dive on her with the shadow state as her bullet passes harmlessly through me – fired with a panicked gasp the instant I start to warp space, evidently, she had been focusing too hard on what I wanted and not enough on what other powers I might have. The gun is frozen, and she's in my grip – struggling. "Stop that." She struggles harder, screaming out for help to anyone who would listen, not that I was worried about that over the screeching of the alarm downstairs and the noise of the fight outside. "Stop it." She tries to roll me off, kicking off a desk and then biting my arm in an attempt to get me to let her up.

I'm stronger than her. And far, far better at actually hurting people. She goes white as I break one arm in a fast, brutal motion, then pin my weight on the other while it's twisted at an angle.

"Look at me." I grab her chin. "Look at me." Her eyes are wide, fearful and hold none of the sarcasm or casual mockery that our previous encounters involved. "Everything you see about me is probably correct. You think this is reality, I think it's a simulation. I do not consider you to be alive, so it doesn't really matter what I do to you. You are free to disagree. I don't usually go out of my way to be cruel, just effective. I don't mind when people kill me. It can be frustrating and painful, but it isn't really personal. What is personal, is when I go out of my way to be friendly – make an honest deal that benefits both sides. Be a man of my word, and then be lied to, over and over. Tricked, over and over – just because you thought it would be funny."

"This is the first time we've met." She gasps out through the pain. "And whatever it was that you wanted, I think anyone would be forgiven for not wanting to give it to a lunatic like you on pure principle."

"I told you. Simulation. Blame the other versions of yourself if you want." I try and fail to inject some life into my voice. "Don't get me wrong, I'm annoyed at the Wards too. But that's just a matter of working out the right words to get the fight to play out in the right way – they aren't deliberately trying to screw me. But you-" One hand wraps around her throat as she tries to bite me again. "-are wasting my time. Two hours might not seem a lot. But I could honestly have beaten this two days ago if I didn't have this burning question in my head."

"Panacea!" Tattletale practically screams out for help. "He-" I squeeze, cutting off the rest of her cry.

"You really think she would help you, after all of the drama you were threatening to unveil?" I hadn't been present for enough of the different variants of the conversation to know what exactly that was – but it always seemed to end the same way. Or, had that conversation not happened yet? I probably interrupted it too early by sending Glory Girl in straight away. "When her sister is over there coated in bugs from head-to-toe? Even with her forcefield up, isn't it obvious who she would go to?" I shake my head. "No. It's just us."

"Get off of me, and we can talk." The girl in purple gurgles out.

"I don't think so. I tried that approach. Maybe I was a bit too friendly. I wanted to think that you could be reasonable. That we could be… friends, of a sort. Business partners, at the least. I let you off the hook with the bank robbery – you tell me how to beat up Glory Girl. A simple transaction, especially if you think my opinion that this is a simulation is just a delusion. It didn't cost me much, I would feel good about upholding my deal with the version of you that agreed – and I would just win the next time, where I had never made any such deal. Everyone would be happy." I lock eyes with her. "But that path is closed to us now. I know that, however reasonably I approach you, you'll always be a bitch for no reason. The only way to get something out of you, is like this, force."

"The only way you can get anything." She spits at me. "You aren't capable of achieving anything on your own. Not a single honest friend that you haven't mastered into the act. No hope of a girlfriend who genuinely loves you on your own accord. Your family ripped itself apart because of you. Just a sad, weak loner spending your days on PHO with dick in hand and tears in your eyes, lucking into a power that lets you do nothing but take, take and take-"

"For someone with a Thinker power, you really are stupid." I nod. "I probably was like that. Maybe I still am. But when you're in this kind of position, the way out of it isn't petty insults or trying to rile me up. The appropriate response is meek obedience and being helpful." Her gun clatters to the ground behind me, the timer on the time-lock expiring. She tries to kick it towards herself with her foot, completely ineffectively given the state of both her arms. Still uncooperative. "Being a bitch doesn't help you out of the position you're in right now, it's how you got into it in the first place. If you had realised that before, I wouldn't have been forced into this. I don't know how much you know about my power, but I'll tell you right now that I'm a Trump. Already a knock-off Panacea, so I'll let your imagination guess what I'm capable of doing if it comes to it." I brush a finger over her face, trailing upwards towards her eye.

It takes her a moment, then she squirms backwards. Too weak to escape my hold, my hand creeps closer. "Single-use shield!" She gasps out, panic audible in her tone. "When it takes a real hit, it goes down for a split-second, no matter how strong it is. A bullet should take it down long enough to let the bugs through!"

I consider the facts for a moment. "Also plausible." I nod, pleased. "But you'll forgive me if I want to see if you change your mind with a bit of encouragement. I'm rather tired of trusting the first thing out of your mouth." I continue sliding my finger upwards. "I'm not really an expert at hurting people for the sake of it, but given a bit of time and patience I can do some really nasty things with this power. Eyes are delicate, and I don't know what I'm doing. Permanent blindness sounds like a good start doesn't it? Just need to touch your eyes for a few seconds, and then… who knows? If you don't intend to talk, do you still need a mouth? The process is literally like papering over a crack, except with skin - but I don't think anyone cares how thin it is when they realise they can't breathe properly."

"It's the truth! Please!" She strains backwards, jerking her head to the side - keeping her eye away from my finger. "I know things! About Panacea! You want to know about her too, right? I can tell you-"

Five minutes later, I drag a limp, sobbing Tattletale across the floor over to Panacea and Glory Girl – the latter of whom is still coated in a massive amount of bugs, even more than when I last glanced over. Panacea approaches, periodically, causing a small swarm to gather over here instead – each insect that does so promptly drops to the floor the instant that they touch her skin. Slow progress, considering the constant stream of new bugs from angles.

"I am pleased to report that I am quite possibly the greatest coach the Wards team has ever had." I pat myself on the chest. "And also that people who are frozen by Clockblocker clearly still count as robbing the place until they get properly captured, just as well – or I might have accidentally won!" This was the first time that the battle outside had ended cleanly, with no losses or hostage deaths on either side. My slight change in my warning speech to the Wards at the start of every attempt had finally done the trick.

Panacea gives me a perturbed glance, apparently a little put-off by the state of the insensate villainess trailing behind me. The look doesn't last long as her concern returns to her sister, dismissing my ramblings. "Vicky, can't you just shake them off?" Panacea scowls, flicking her arm to shake off a pile of bug corpses. "Fly away and then come back?"

"I'd rather wait for someone to come and pick this bitch up." A muffled voice emerges from the wall of bugs. "I mean, this is gross – but its not actually a problem for me. I'm invincible, remember? If she wakes up, that sounds like more of a problem given all those spiders you mentioned."

"Hold that thought." Panacea turns to me in surprise as I toss a stapler into the seething mass of legs and wings. Which promptly collapses in on itself with a hair-raising banshee wail from the girl inside. "Huh. Maybe you were telling the truth after all." I don't get a response from Tattletale.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Panacea screeches at me, hands diving into the mass of bugs to reach her sister as the bugs roam into every orifice and bite at every spare inch of flesh.

"Too much to list it all." I wave the leg I was dragging Tattletale by. "Just ask her."

She gives me a stunned, sickened look even as bug corpses fall off her skin like a chitinous waterfall. "Help me! This is your fault!"

I stroke my chin in thought. "It is, that's true – but I can't rule out the possibility that the bugs played some critical part that she didn't mention. I could easily challenge Taylor twice more before the end of the school day – so it would be more economical to repeat this than to wait at the Dallon household and waste a chance then." I reach behind my back as she reaches her hands out to her sister. "Your mother was a whore and your father was a crime lord!"

And then I unload Tattletale's gun into the back of her head.

I look down at the unconscious bodies around me as they start to fragment into cubes and fade away, absently turning to Tattletale as the rest of the room vanishes. "I really thought that there would be some morbid humour in that. You know, us all bonding around shared hobbies or something." I scratch my head. "Doesn't really work when nobody is awake to appreciate the dark comedy in it." Glory Girl didn't count, I don't think she even realised what had happened – I can say from experience that its incredibly hard to focus once the bugs find somewhere to crawl into. Probably for the best.

As a simulation, it doesn't really matter how I choose to end it – but maybe I should have shot Tattletale instead to balance out the deaths a bit more among all the participants. Added bonus of seeing the perplexed and horrified reaction from Panacea, which would have been some nice variety after a lot of repetition over the last few days. It sounded a little weird, but I had to shoot somebody to stop myself from winning – and why would I shoot myself if given the option not to?

FAILURE​

Glory Girl approaches the roof. She touches down and I dash forward. "Poke." My finger slides off of her chest like I was gripping smooth glass as the beginnings of an annoyed, disgusted expression starts to appear on her face, clearly classifying me as another villain in her head. I take a swing at the invisible forcefield, a powerful hit dead-centre with my weight behind it. A lot of effort on my part for something that near-cripples my hand. My other hand comes up a moment later, finding the forcefield already back in place – but then it disappears again as my echo knocks it down once more. My hand reaches forward past where I had been blocked, this time making contact. Squeeze.

I take a moment to appreciate my success, and the particularly lovely feeling of groping one of the best racks in the Bay. It's a good feeling. One to savour. Certainly, almost as novel as the experience of being hurled with her full strength into the roof – limply bouncing a few times before coming to rest as a rather sad pile of broken bones and pain.

Worth it.

FAILURE​

I wrap an arm around a nervous Tattletale as we watch her team get roundly beaten by the Wards. Kid Win still set up his cannon, but had listened to my altered advice to only point it at Regent – who somehow seemed to be the biggest problem piece on the field. The only one who could really disrupt Kid Win and the Clockblocker/Vista combo as they took out the dogs and then the rest of the villains – who had no ranged options to work with at all against the young hero and his supporting team. "Look at that. Don't you love to see it? Everyone is working together."

Surprisingly, she doesn't look overly pleased to see two dogs already frozen, Grue pinned down by Gallant – clearly suffering from the effects of some emotion blast or other. Bitch was the only fighter still in good shape, but evading the pursuit of both Aegis and Browbeat would have been difficult even before Vista stepped in. Clockblocker crosses thirty yards in the space of a second, tapping the dog into perfect stillness – sending Bitch tumbling to the ground before Aegis catches her and puts her into a submission hold. The last man standing, Regent, seems rather blasé about the whole thing. Hiding behind the railings of the stairs as the scarred ground around him indicates what would happen if he was to re-enter Kid Win's line of sight, he seems content to bounce rocks off the wall while he waits to be captured.

Tattletale turns to me, a tight smile on her face. "I'm happy to see that I'm one step closer to telling the world about just how fucked up a human being you really are."

"Don't hold your breath." I roll my eyes at the threat.

She smiles at me poisonously. "You think the PRT won't listen? They will. They'll throw you in a cell as a precaution, toss a dozen thinkers at you and the moment one agrees? The courts won't take the risk. It's easy when Master powers are involved, nobody is going to stick their neck out for someone they don't know – and anyone you do know gets marked as potentially compromised. The whole system is stacked to put you in the Birdcage because nobody wants to take the risk that this time it's the Master 12, who genuinely Masters the court and will just take over the presidency and the Triumvirate in one fell swoop. It might not be fair, but it's a rare instance of the PRT getting something right in this case. You're going to get eaten alive in there. The worst murderers the world has ever seen, all gathered in one place. They won't give you time to get any stronger, you'll be dead in seconds. Good riddance."

"I probably know more about those court cases than you do, but that kind of wishful thinking only applies early on in my career. Eidolon could pick three Master powers right now and be the strongest in the world, but nobody cares to worry about that possibility. Once I get rolling, I'll be in the same category." I tick off one hand. "Secondly, you're going to have to work all of this out again in the real world. It's one thing for you to work everything out when I have no intention of hiding it – practically giving you the information that I'm trying to defeat you for the sake of power, but if I'm being otherwise entirely pleasant and non-murderous I think you might have some more trouble. Especially if I just choose not to talk you. And finally, you might well be looking for me – but now I know to look out for you too. You're a problem, and I would much rather have that brain of yours working for me than against me."

"You still think this isn't real? That's sad. But even if that was the case, you're drastically underestimating me." She mimes a finger gun at me. "Don't think to yourself that I'll be that easy to add to your collection. I spotted you a mile-off. I don't think your power does anything against a bullet in the back of the head."

"You spotted me when I gave up trying to hide anything and skipped straight to the violence." I disagreed. "You might have thought I was a terrible person before that, but you clearly didn't realise the extent. There's a world of difference between how you act when you think you have the upper hand with a handful of my dirty little secrets, and the scared little girl you became when you realised everything about me at once and that there weren't any words you could use to save yourself. Something in my face, perhaps? You've tried to fight before, but these last few times… I guess something tipped you off that it was pointless."

It was an interesting power, but it was hard to tell how much of it was the scenario helping her to piece things together and how much was a genuine deduction. It would be nice if I could narrow down exactly what about me tipped her off to various facts, but she was hardly cooperative at the best of times. I was done here.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" She smirks, but doesn't try to fight as I guide her towards the stairs – hand resting on her ass not only because I was a pervert that appreciated what a skintight bodysuit did to an already-attractive figure, but as a statement that there was nothing she could do about it. She knows that too, something in the tension of her otherwise beatific smile and the way she casts her gaze longingly back at her time-locked gun.

The others are already foamed or unconscious by the time we make it outside. Tattletale practically bounds away from me towards police custody. The moment she surrenders to the late arrival of the cops, the ground falls away beneath my feet as I feel both EVNT objectives tick themselves complete.

SUCCESS

Reward: Assign Administrator (1)​

I blink. Not Bug Control 2? An entirely new power? Not that I was complaining, I rarely got the opportunity to use Taylor's power in a challenge – finding a bug to make proper use out of just wasn't that easy in the middle of a fight, and the most it could really contribute before dying was to dive at someone's eye to varying success.

Well. Let's see what this power can do.

Taylor Hebert

Skitter 4/8

(GANG) (REAL)​

"Challenge." I phase in, idly flexing my shoulders as the street unfolds before me. My movements stop as I look up, seeing something that certainly shouldn't be there.

For a moment, I'm intimidated. Bugs shouldn't be that size and able to fly, let alone be capable of having a rider. A rider that was looking straight at me, already directing her swarm to appear from nearby buildings – and doubtless causing her teammates to come out to assist her as well. For the briefest second, I'm worried that I don't have a way to reach a flying enemy.

And then I start laughing. A genuine, hearty laugh. I can't help it, not even when the first bugs land on my skin and start biting away. With a thought, I seize the bug she was using as a mount from her control and resume my hysterics. I have to shift into my shadow state once bugs start crawling into my mouth – but the one good thing about Bug Control is that it doesn't take up a power slot when active unless I need to issue a new command. Taylor's own mount power-slams her into the unforgiving ground of the street. I'm not sure if that alone killed her, or if it was the follow-up attack from the wicked-looking talons that carve through ground, armour and flesh like butter. Either way, the result is the same.

SUCCESS

Reward: Taylor Hebert+
​
Well now. That was easy.

I didn't even get to experiment with my new power – not that I was going to complain, losing to Taylor in a fight usually ended up with me being eaten alive by bugs. One of my most disliked methods of death, mostly because it was so agonisingly slow and unpleasant. It wasn't just being unable to breathe as they crawled down your throat, it was them forcing themselves into orifices they had no business going into and wriggling- I shudder. Gross. People should really be lining up to thank me for my service with what I was doing with Taylor. Guiding her away from the path of evil, that kind of thing. The heroes didn't deserve to put up with tactics like that.

And that seemed to confirm my assumptions about the format of the reward scheme. A power on every other round, unless it changed as I went higher.

In which case… perhaps it wouldn't hurt to keep going? Another power reward should be just around the corner, it wasn't something that I had been aiming for this week – but it was worth a shot, right? I peer at the class window again, ignoring the sneer of another girl who had spotted me and clearly wanted me to get lost.

Taylor Hebert

Skitter 5/8

(ALRT)​

Only an ALRT? Nothing else? Were the rest of the challenges not going to get any harder at all? It was hard to be upset at the idea, the fewer bug-related deaths I had to suffer through, the better. "Challenge."

I appear in the street again, but I can't see her on her big bug this time. She knows where I started, so it won't take her long to arrive. I can already see the creeping black tide flowing out of alleyways and buildings towards me. Not unmanageable yet, but I knew from experience that they wouldn't stop coming.

I couldn't see her yet, so she was probably just hoping to surround my initial position until she could arrive to direct things in person. I jog away, slipping into the shadow state to pass harmlessly through a stray cloud of bugs. As one, the entire swarm turns to follow me.

What? I cast my gaze around again, I couldn't see her. Perhaps she was looking down from a roof? Peering through a window? Left, right. Nothing. Too well-hidden. I can't hop into my speed-state like this, the bugs would be on me by the time I was unfrozen and I wouldn't stand a chance of muscling through them with my inability to project any real force in the breaker state.

Just got to run. Getting away from these buildings and then out of sight would be enough, all I needed was for Taylor to lose track of me – then I could creep through the buildings in the shadow state to try and find her. A few bugs try to encase me in some strings of some kind, forcing me to rely on my shadow state once again. Annoying.

Incidentally, I find that I can't use my new administrator power at all. It seems to be waiting for me to do something, but this situation is a bit too frantic to work out the conditions for it. Particularly because the swarm is still following me – even cutting off likely paths with the faster fliers. I dive through a window, sprinting up the stairs of the apparently abandoned house and then phasing through the wall into the neighbours house. In seconds, the window is coated in a sea of black wings and feelers – a few dozen critters already making their way towards me from inside the house, while the massive swarm outside forces their way though tiny holes and unpatched flooring to give chase.

I close my eyes. No other explanation or it. She can see through the swarm. A second trigger, as my top guess. Maybe some form of Tinkertech? The assistance of another Cape? Whatever the case, she certainly wasn't capable of this before – and it unfortunately spelt doom for any attempt at finding her. She was probably locked tightly in a basement, never needing to show herself at all – knowing that I could never approach her through her ever-growing army.

Fuck this. I run up the stairs again. I'm not dying to bugs again. I phase through the wall from the top floor, deliberately angle myself into the worst possible position as I fall three stories and land in the perfect position to break my neck against the road.

FAILURE

Hint: Scenarios are divided into static and dynamic set-ups. Static scenarios will not change between attempts – the map will remain unchanged, the fight will happen at the same time, all entities will spawn in the same location and any enemy equipment will remain identical. Conversely, dynamic scenarios can change depending on the location, time and the current status of the individual that was challenged.​

I already knew that, if not in those specific words. A fair few people would fight me in the same arena as their current real-life location, and the fact that almost all of the costumed heroes I had thought had spawned in their hero outfit hadn't seemed like a coincidence either.

Still. An actually useful hint that wasn't full of motivational garbage was appreciated. As for Taylor… her new skill put a bit of a damper on my progression again. It was probably a safe assumption that she was hidden somewhere safe and not out where I could see her, so to make any progress… I would have to map out her range with consecutive challenges to see how far out I could get in each direction before she stopped following me. She would probably move and chase after I managed that, so it was probably impossible to get all the reliable points of data in one session – but after enough attempts I should be able to draw a circle on a map and work out what building she is in, then start to raid that building top to bottom as the scenario begins.

I look at her challenge box. Three hour cooldown. Another lengthy time-waster, but at least each challenge would give me another bit of data to work with. I could have the location worked out within the week, even if actually killing her before she killed me proved a bit more difficult to achieve.

The girl next to the window mouths at me to fuck off again. I snap off an irritated "Challenge." – not only because she was annoying, but also because I wanted to work out this Administrator power in a safe environment. I don't even look at the challenge box properly past the ALRT notice.

Half a minute later, the girl has a broken leg and finds herself pinned underneath a large wooden desk that I had tipped on top of her – leaving me free to try and work out exactly what the problem was with my new power.

It wasn't lighting up. It didn't feel like I had met some condition that it needed to be selected. 'Assign Administrator'. What did that imply? Admin rights? Or a more literal translation of delegating responsibility? That second meaning gives me pause for a moment. Taking into consideration the one other power it had stemmed from - delegating to a bug, perhaps?

Bug Control drags a housefly towards me, settling onto my hand. The instant it touches me, I feel my new power became ready to trigger. I select it- no. It wants to be pushed instead of selected. I feel the power slide onto the fly, suddenly becoming vaguely aware of its position around me as it does so. That was nice, I could usually only find it again when I had Bug Control as my active power.

But this felt incomplete – something was missing in what I had done. The slot that I had pushed towards the fly felt empty, almost like I could push something into it. On a whim, I try to select Sophia's power – somehow entirely unsurprised when that power vanishes from my list of options. I select bug control again to give it a new command - sending it flying away, dashing through the solid oak door in a puff of black smoke.

I can't use the shadow state while the bug has it, but no sooner does the thought of wanting it back cross my mind than I feel the power return – my connection to the bug withering to nothing as the bug abruptly falls to the ground, dead before it hit the floor.

After some experimentation, some of the powers seem slightly reduced in effectiveness when delegated, and the requirement to re-select Bug Control to give it new instructions is a bit unfortunate – but I could appreciate the strategic possibilities this opened up for me. Clockblocker's power applied at range for one, and the surprising synergy that Bug Control itself had with the powerset – I was initially surprised to see the administrator bug was capable of attacking with multiple bugs at a time, then realised that it was actually rapidly swapping between them to issue new commands faster than I could think. Each bug would be driven to fly in a certain direction or dive downwards in a sudden movement, then be unable to course-correct as it regained control before the administrator returned and repeated the command. I couldn't redirect the administrator bug without killing it when it was doing that, having passed away my Bug Control power – but that was a small price to pay for making that power slot actually somewhat useful.

Well. The only thing I came into this challenge to do was check out what this power could and couldn't do. No sense in sticking around. I saunter over to the corner to pick up a wooden footstool, returning to the crippled, dazed test dummy and swinging it at her exposed head with all my strength. The footstool breaks after the first few hits, the shoddy workmanship becoming apparent when put to the test – but the challenge area fades away in the end nevertheless.

SUC-

I ignore the rewards screen, brushing it away as soon as it arrives. I didn't care about whoever that was. We didn't even share a class, I was pretty sure. She wasn't important.

Now I step away from the window, returning to my classroom again. It was a good thing that I was done with this – I was probably starting to get a reputation for either my 'bladder problems' or people spotting me snooping on Taylor at her classes.

But that was enough worrying about new challenges and shiny toys. I quickly return to my class, waiting out the time until the end of the day – then immediately make my move over towards the Dallon household.

After all, I had a lead on Glory Girl! A real way to get around her shield – give it a solid hit, then follow up in the brief moments before it re-established itself. There must be a certain threshold of force to hit, otherwise any single friendly touch would break it – people would have noticed by now. That meant my speed-state was out, even if I had a way to apply a deadly blow from within the breaker state.

Knowing was only half the battle. I had to go close-range with a Brute and land at least two consecutive hits, when she is both vastly faster than me and any real hit from her might accidentally part my head from my shoulders. I had seen the feats thread. I had filled out part of her feats thread. Top recorded speed clocked at eighty-six miles an hour, plummeting down on one of Squealer's monster trucks and writing it off for the scrapyard in a single blow. It was one thing for me to hit her once when she wasn't expecting it, then check if the shield was down – quite another to land a decisive neck stab immediately after and then survive her retaliation.

If she flew through the wall as she did when first I challenged her, surely her shield would be down for the brief moment afterwards? I started with a knife in hand, could I just stand next to it – try and lash out as she comes through? Perhaps that put me at risk of getting hit by rubble, if not by Glory Girl herself, should her reaction be faster than mine.

Was there an alternative? The idea of stepping outside and trying to fling a rock at her as she arrives, taking out her shield before she hits the wall paints an amusing picture, but she's certain to see me and the odds of me hitting such a throw against someone that fast are low enough that I would be coming back here for days.

I note the flier appear over a nearby building, no Panacea in her grip today – had she already headed off to the hospital again? Whatever the case, Glory Girl was right on time. I glance over at her singular ALRT modifier and nod to myself. "Challenge."

I cast my gaze around at the surrounding windows this time – catching Glory Girl flying overhead in a wide loop, doubtless moving from wherever she had spawned towards whatever angle she wanted to bust through this wall with.

Seeing the wall again, I wasn't sure I wanted to get anywhere close. I was far away last time and hadn't been paying attention, but the explosion of brick, wood and glass seemed like it was going to be hazardous to my health. I clutch the knife I had been gifted at the start of the challenge, then call a bug to my side. I apply the new administrator power – then give it Clockblocker's powerset, allowing it to hover next to the wall. I remain in place, not wanting to move and cause her to approach differently from last time.

When she busts through the wall again, I lose my grip over the bug almost immediately – some flying shrapnel more than enough to take out the unflinching insect. But, like the hero he was, he froze the shattered fragment that killed him in its place – and when Glory Girl's momentum carries her forward like a vengeful goddess, she instead finds herself folded around a large wooden splinter that just refuses to move. I had seen some rather terrible videos on the internet before, drivers going at relatively low speeds – just hitting deer or trees at a bad angle. Horns and branches just piercing through them or their seats even when they weren't even going insanely fast.

Glory Girl had been going fast. A full frontal-charge after spotting me through the window. Not her full speed, but more than enough for a sharp, sliver in the air to act exactly like a spear would in the hands of some low-tech warrior from ancient times. Her momentum is killed near-instantly, a shocked gasp as the air is knocked out of her – blood racing through her costume as she comes to realise that she's been impaled on something. She clearly doesn't understand what happened entirely, the object is embedded inside her now – not quite penetrating through to the other side, clearly slightly too blunt. That only works in my favour though, even if it is in her body – the power is still keeping its effect, if only for a few more seconds. She tries to fly upwards and away, only to let loose an agonised scream as she tears up her insides even more with the action.

I lunge forward with the knife, in truth – this was a bad angle for me, she was too high for me to take a swing at the more critical spots on her body. That wasn't important though, either I would land some additional damage to help bleed her out when she got free – or she would fend me off, only dealing more damage to herself internally as she moved. The knife scrapes against the forcefield, then the next stab scrapes her leg as she kicks towards me – I attempt to hamstring her for the attempt, yet only skitter across the barrier again for my trouble. That's fast indeed, Three attacks from point-blank range with speed as my primary focus and two of them were still easily no-sold without her needing to do anything.

She lets out a furious roar, and I find my knees folding underneath me as the full force of her aura hits me like a truck. I blink up glassily at her as she tears herself free by force, the bloodied object yanked free of her body through a new exit wound – messy, probably just killed herself, but that didn't matter if she managed to kill me first.

Blind fear gives way to fear-fuelled instinct as I mentally start to pull myself together from the aura-based attack, her desperate attempt to splatter my brains across the room with her leg is foiled by my abrupt explosion into a shadowy fog – which regrettably drops my sole weapon to the ground. The state doesn't last long enough for me to make it through a wall, but I do escape through the hole that she made and manage to hide around the corner before she fully reverses course to pursue in my footsteps.

Or not, as the case may be. Instead, she opts to cut me off by charging through the window – leading with a flying punch aimed to decapacitate me. Again? I could only assume the shock and blood loss had given her tunnel vision and rendered rational thought into an impossibility – otherwise I don't know why she expected the second blind bull-rush to fare any better than the first. The glass breaks around her forcefield, and then her arm breaks as it impacts a hastily-frozen fragment of a brick no larger than my finger – but immovable all the same. The wind of the impact buffets my face, the sickening crack that her arm makes a testament to exactly how damaging that kind of impact was for the Brute when her forcefield wasn't available. I dash around the corner again as she stops in the street, nursing the gaping wound in her chest and her useless arm – then I activate my speed-state and run.

Somehow, Glory Girl finds it in herself to give chase after a moment. Surging to life almost as soon as my mandatory-timeout ends, the speed of her flight not lowered at all by her injuries. Which gave me an interesting fact to work with, me sprinting away from her full-speed gained a fair bit of distance – but as she accelerated, that lead slowly begins to reverse inch-by-inch. It wasn't much, but I was just slightly slower than her once she hits her stride. Faster reactions still, obviously, but running in a straight line wasn't going to end well. I do a jumping kick into the wall of a nearby street, if it weren't for this breaker state giving me the force-projection of one of the sponge-balls we used to throw at each for dodgeball in gym class – I would have been painted across the wall like abstract art. Instead, I bounce off it – the most damage I take is from my legs landing awkwardly as the rest of my body slams into the wall. Then, I reverse course – sliding under the angry Brute as she realises that I've gone from at least seventy miles-per-hour to nothing faster than she can blink. Building up speed takes a while, but she has to completely change her direction – something she isn't amazing at compared to the rest of New Wave.

Not that I need to worry about that in the end. She was already running on fumes, as indicated by the trail of blood she had left behind her that I was now running through. Glancing behind me, I can see her falling into a truck on the road – no longer to concentrate on her flight or maintain consciousness.

Score.

SUCCESS

Reward: Personal Shield (1)​

I bite my lip as I consider the reward screen. I had mixed feelings about that as a reward. On one hand, an explicit defensive power was really nice. On the other, I would probably have preferred super-strength or flight for powers that expanded my options further.

I shake my head, focusing my attention on Glory Girl as she lets herself into the house.

Victoria Dallon

Heroine 2/7

(ALRT) (LUST)​

A LUST modifier to work with. Nothing that invalidated my previous strategy, but it would make her use her powers a little more optimally and ignore injuries to a greater extent. "Challenge."

Same room. Same set-up. I twirl the knife in my hand for a moment. Trying the same trick was worth a try, surely? She didn't have a PREP or CONT modifier to have advance warning of the powers I have, so as long as she came through at the same angle I might just score an instantaneous win again.

It only takes a moment to set-up the admin bug with Clockblocker's power, then it was just a matter of waiting. Six seconds later, I have my answer. The wall does explode inwards as expected, the freezing trap working as expected to stop the attack in its tracks – but as the dust settles, it isn't the agonised figure of Glory Girl that's been pinned in place, but a silver pick-up truck that's been hurled at me instead. A moment later, a small red car comes flying through the window to its left – and I realise that this Glory Girl is more than content to bombard me from range until the entire building comes down on top of me.

Hoping to avoid her notice, I phase through the side wall to try and escape – running directly into an electric wire and being ejected for my trouble. Thankfully, she's too busy picking up ammunition to take advantage of my momentarily charred and crippled state – but by the time I can finally pick myself back off the ground, there's barely anything left holding the store up. Without any other options, I activate my speed-state and make my escape out of the holes she made in the front.

She's on top of me near-instantly, snatching up an entire street light in passing as some mockery of a weapon to hold – extending her effective range to a silly extent. I repeat my trick of killing my momentum against the wall at a street corner, but this time her makeshift weapon near-beheads me for my trouble – metal bending and screeching as she forces it to gouge a path through the street and walls of nearby buildings alike, kicking up a storm of dust and debris in the process. I still get the juke in the end, she overshoots me as I reverse course the way I came – looking to repeat the trick and get out of her line of sight. Once I succeeded in that, I could drop the speed-state and phase into a nearby building – planning my attack while she had no idea where I was.

Unfortunately, that plan goes awry at the first hurdle. Unintentionally on her part, the storm of dust and debris she had kicked up gave me genuine resistance in my speed-state. I already felt the effects of air-resistance every time I moved, but now I was fighting through tiny flecks that I wouldn't even have noticed without the breaker state. I get through the cloud in the end, but I've barely gotten back into a proper sprint when a wall of icy-cold, mind-numbing fear slams into me. Against my will, my footing stumbles – even when I was expecting the aura, I just can't seem to fully mitigate it.

A hand wraps around my arm, giving me just enough time to turn and see Glory Girl's expressionless face before I get hurled into the ground face first. The sharp, jarring impact knocks me out of the breaker state – leaving me frozen again in the worst of all positions. Lying stunned on my back I watch Glory Girl toss the one arm she was holding me by to the side, I realise the implications of the action faster than I realise what my screaming nerves were telling me. She'd pulled my arm off in the same motion as the throw. I gurgle incoherently as the speed-state wears off – Glory Girl seeming content to not follow-up on her attack immediately.

I attempt to move, shift into my shadow state – but I feel sluggish and lethargic, somehow too tired to even move an inch or activate any skills. I look down, trying to decipher the pain signals all over the rest of my body. My vision is blocked by Glory Girl's leg.

Oh. That would do it. That made sense. A heel-stomp from a Brute wouldn't have any real reason to stop at my ribcage. I hadn't even felt it, at least until she started pulling her bloodied foot free. I try to scream, I could certainly feel the pain as she did that – but my lungs are already half-gone, and the next heel-stomp towards my head is utterly unavoidable.

FAILURE​

I didn't even get to use the new shield. I had been expecting flying punches and telegraphed attacks, but once I had been grabbed there wasn't any way to get out of that before my speed-state dropped. After that, I had already lost.

Was there another way I could have tried that? Without tricking her with Clockblocker, my only hope to break the shield myself was to use my echo – but I was certain that would be too slow to follow-up as a second hit and incapable of dealing the kind of damage that would save me from an immediate death once she returned the hit. I would need to lure her into an echo I had already made, then attack her once it dropped the shield for me. That had to be a lethal attack, ideally with the knife – but how could I bait her into melee, towards a location of my choosing, without being able to use any powers until I released the echo?

The first step, clearly, was to remove the ranged options. Getting to an underground shelter perhaps. Some trains went through underground tunnels as well, although I didn't know anything about their routes. Anything that took away her ability to just toss a car at me when it looked like I was set up in a comfortable defensive position.

And once I had that… what? The last challenge had shown that even if the wound inflicted would kill her eventually, it didn't necessarily stop her from killing me first – something that would be exacerbated by the LUST modifier. Having put myself in such a position where flight and ranged options didn't counter me, how would I then escape and prevent her from following me while I waited for her to bleed out? Clockblocker's power could work, but I had limits on the size of objects that I could freeze.

I wrack my brain for alternatives, hare-brained ideas that might find some value in a second round. Containment foam grenades from the PRT, if I could find them in the challenge. With a solid connection in a small space, she shouldn't be able to get free. Again, that requires me to escape her initial sight cleanly and prepare an ambush. Drowning? She might follow me down into the waves if she thinks she has an advantage, maybe I could… net her and freeze her down there? No, too much difficulty with the execution and too many assumptions on what actions she would take.

Nothing smart was springing to mind. Getting into some kind of tunnel and trying to catch her with a strong enough hit from the echo was all I could think of, and that plan seemed difficult enough that it would require multiple attempts out of me to land a decisive hit without her dodging and escape afterwards.

I would need to prep beforehand to find a spot to lure her towards, which began with working out whatever street name I started at. I should have checked that first while I was still inside. More trial and error attempts to escape her sight and bombardment. There wasn't much I could do to stop her from seeing my go through the first wall with the window the way it was and the holes she knocks into the side of the building, but if I could slip through a few walls in a row I should lose her pretty easily. It just required me to find a spot in the wall without a cable going through it – which couldn't be that hard.

…but that was a lot of things to work out. Especially when Glory Girl wasn't Taylor, who I could see at any point of the school day if I wanted – I could reliably see the flying brick about three times a week thanks to her usually flying home after school.

Which meant that I wouldn't be getting flight or Brute powers off of her anytime soon. I didn't have a reliable way to see Manpower at all. Aegis was a Ward, who I likely wouldn't see much until I signed with the heroes. The Brute I saw in the bank robbery challenge… I didn't recognise him at all. Maybe that was a pre-cog situation and he would show up on my doorstep sometime? Otherwise, my remaining Brute options lay solely with the Empire – Hookwolf, the giantess twins and Krieg in a non-traditional sense. I pinch my nose. "Fuck."

I don't particularly want to go to the Empire. I don't trust them not to screw me, and if my collaboration gets exposed or becomes well-known then bad relations with the PRT and general public are a near guarantee. First impressions are important.

I start to head home, still mulling over my options to myself. There was a real worry about going to the heroes early on that I would get uncovered too quickly. It gave me greater access to the local heroes, but between power testing and whatever Thinker tests I got put through, the worry that the truth of my power would get out was a real concern. Coupled with that, the constant close proximity of people I was beating challenges for regularly might attract attention as well.

You could see it in the people I had challenged at Winslow, a fair number of people had near-maxed out challenges in my class – yet they still rarely interacted with me or did anything unusual, seeming to act normally. Which made sense, it likely simulated a crush – not imagining up an entire relationship from nothing or tweaking memories of what was already there. We had never interacted, so nothing came of it. Yet Emma, now interacting with me on a regular basis, had escalated fairly rapidly between her own problems and my… encouragement of them. If someone noticed that I seemed to have the entire Wards team thirsty for me to start dicking them just a few weeks in, a witch hunt for a master wouldn't seem unreasonable at all. It would only require one or two people with the right mindset to have harder challenges and not fall in line with the others, could I take that risk? Probably not. A slower burn was required, slowly converting the local heroes and villains into people who would at least be sympathetic to me in the event of any outrage. A gradual change, over months and not weeks.

I would still need to find them, of course, and that meant interacting with patrols and cape fights in real life – that kind of interaction was the only way I was ever going to reliably run into them with the news the way it was, unless I could get into some more events like the Wards meet and greet. If I had to show up on the streets in some capacity, likely using Velocity's power, then perhaps a stint as an independent hero wouldn't be entirely misplaced. Start out with some low-level patrols to attract attention and introduce myself as a hero-

I pause at that thought, then grin. Of course. If I was going to go out on patrol, went out to the right areas, made enough noise… perhaps I could catch the attention of a certain bug-controller that hadn't been snapped up by any teams just yet.

Now that sounded like a plan.


"Drop your money on the ground!" The voice echoes down the alleyway, the unbalanced tone and slurred voice indicating some combination of drug use, alcoholism and a mental disorder or two on top.

Melanie stares wide-eyed at the gun pointed at her head, mentally cursing herself for not taking a safer route back home at this time of night.

"Bitch." Spittle flies from his mouth. "I said put your money on the ground! Are you deaf?" The gun wavers slightly. "Think I won't shoot? I can take if off your corpse just as easy, but I'm a nice guy – so help me out."

"Woah!" A voice draws her attention, and that of the mugger, down towards the side of the alleyway. "Are you being mugged?" A teenager, looking at his build – a bizarre combination of a hoodie, baseball cap and a domino mask serving to mask his identity. No obvious weapons, but also no fear when the gun turns to point at him. A cape? Her heart swells in hope at the thought.

"Yes! Help me!" She calls out, getting a boot in the chest from the drug-addled man for her trouble, winding her and driving her down onto her knees.

"Fuck off, dickweed! You don't want anything to do with this." He waves the gun in the boy's direction.

"Gotcha, just checking." The boy leaves without another word, casually sauntering off to the side as if nothing was wrong.

"Little shit pretending to be a cape to scare people." The man snorts, turning the gun back to her with a gap-toothed grin. "Listen girlie. The police take half-an-hour to respond to calls here this time of night. Scared of the gangs, you see. Gives us plenty of time to get acquainted – nice and proper. I was going to just let you go without your money, but if you're trying to get me attacked by passers-by… now that just isn't nice, is it? I'm thinking you should show me how sorry you are, then I might not splatter your brains all over the floor for not listening the first time."

This can't be happening. She stares blankly as the man fumbles with his belt, gun weaving as his stinking, repulsive cock emerges to point at her menacingly.

And then a shadowy fog descends noiselessly behind him from the rooftops overlooking the alley, materialising into the same boy that she had just seen at the entrance from the street.

"Poke." He reaches around and taps the gun with a cheery sound – then leg-sweeps the distracted man, who somehow bounces off the gun as he falls when the gun fails to move an inch from where it was tapped. The boy swings his foot into the side of the man's jaw – then stomps his groin the instant it's exposed. Screams penetrate the atmosphere of the night, only interrupted by the boy repeatedly kicking the man in his stomach and chest until he rolls over defensively – already sobbing and bawling for mercy.

Melanie takes in the beaten, bruised man and her apparent saviour. "Thank you-" She breaks off as the boy deliberately stamps down hard on the fingers of the fallen figure, the crack loud and clear in the relative silence of the night city. She swallows drily as the boy turns his gaze to her.

"That'll probably do it." He nods to himself. "And yeah, sure, wasn't a problem. Happy to help. Sorry, it took a while to get here, had to find some stairs to get closer to the roof – nothing to climb up around here and he might have just shot you if I ran at him, if you see what I mean? That would be a shitty start to my night."

Friendly, it would seem – just a bit brutal on the takedown. And talking a mile a minute. "Well. I'm grateful, if you hadn't come along when you did-"

"Yeah, that guy would have all of your money and you'd be sucking his dick. Lucky break for you that I was here this time, eh?" He lets out a jovial laugh and gives a thumbs up. For understandable reasons, she doesn't find it so funny.

"Piece of shit." The man on the ground murmurs, having stopped his whimpering and pushing himself to his feet - stumbling a moment as he tries to put pressure on the hand with clearly-broken fingers. "I'll show-"

"Man, how am I even supposed to do this?" The boy complains out loud, turning back to face the mugger – waiting for him to get all the way up before his fist lashes out, stretching impossibly across the distance to collide with the man's face – then grabbing him and holding him in place as a ghost of some sort seems to repeat the hit. Teeth and blood go flying from both hits, then he knocks the man to the ground again with another kick to the crotch. "You would think that they would just stay down once it becomes obvious that I'm a cape, but they keep on trying anyway!"

Even sprawled on the ground, the man moves his good arm to his waist, then wildly swings across the ground with a knife – seeming to scrape harmlessly off of thin air mere millimetres from the boys' ankles. Another hard stomp down on the hand elicits another crack, and more screaming to accompany it.

The boy seems unbothered about the wails, continuing to talk to himself. Or her? It was hard to tell if he expected genuine input, but she was very keen to stay on his good side. "I mean, it would be fine if I just knocked people out and called it a day – but I read this vigilante guide and it said that head injuries are a big no-no and somebody will probably die. But how do I keep a guy down without that? I don't want to break their bones, but it's not like they sit still long enough for me to zip-tie them or whatever."

She wets her lips, finding her voice. "That sounds, uh, difficult."

"It really is tough." He agrees, lamenting over his woes as he kicks the mugger onto his back and sitting down on top of him – clearly not anticipating any more threat from the man with multiple broken fingers on each hand. "I mean, I knew this whole hero thing wasn't going to be a cakewalk – but things are just so much more complicated in real life when there aren't any obvious objectives to go and do." He waves a finger in the air. "Listen to this, you know why I stopped to ask if you were being mugged? It was because just yesterday I jumped in to save this woman from a guy who looked like he was about to rape her, choking, screaming – the whole works. Took the guy down, but they were apparently married." He spreads his arms. "Who decides to fuck in a disease-ridden, filthy back-alley like that?"

She nods carefully. "What happened then? If you don't mind me asking."

"Oh well, they were a bit mad at the start but I managed to salvage it with my charms." He scratches his neck awkwardly. "I suppose you could say that she used the experience to move on from the relationship. Got a taste of a better man, I suppose." He grins to himself as if he had just told an inside joke that nobody else was going to get. "Anyway, you called the cops, right? Unless you just want to leave him, I don't really care myself."

She glances down at the twitching, broken man and the beatifically smiling boy lounging on his back. The boy was well-meaning, clearly. But… he was a little bit 'off'. "I think I would like to leave."

"Sure, sure. Will you be safe from here or should I escort you?" He fishes up the gun from the ground nearby, flinging it into a nearby dumpster as he stands.

"I'll be fine." She takes a half-step away from the rookie vigilante – curiosity preventing a hastier escape. "If I may, what's your name? As a hero, that is?"

He facepalms. "Knew I forgot something. Talking all this time and I never introduced myself once. Can't get brand recognition like this! Let me try this again." He steps across the body of the mugger again, still groaning in pain. "It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm a hero, here to help." A cocky smile spreads across his face.

"Void Cowboy, at your service."


Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, XxVoid_CowboyxX
You are viewing:
• Threads you have replied to
• AND Threads that have new replies
• OR private message conversations with new replies
• Thread OP is displayed.
• Ten posts per page
• Last fifteen messages in private message history.
• Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.
■
♦ Topic: New Cape: Void Cowboy
In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay
XxVoid_CowboyxX (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Posted On Mar 3rd 2011:
This is the thread to talk about the newest cape in Brockton Bay (me). That's right. The legend who has been hit with a PHO perma-ban on no less than five accounts, has finally made his entrance onto the local cape scene as a powerful Trump - feel free to post sightings, speculation and fan-art below.

(Showing page 1 of 3)

►LaserdreamBestGirl
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Fake and gay. Just another troll LARPing as a cape for attention.

In before the mods lock the post!

►IronMaiden (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Locked. This shouldn't need saying at this point, but please familiarise yourself with the posting guidelines before you post and waste our time.

XxVoid_CowboyxX An infraction has been added to your account, collecting enough of these will result in (another) temporary ban.

Edit: Infraction removed.

►PlatinumIdol (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Confirmed. I'm unlocking this thread and applying the Verified Cape tag to the OP.

I will, however, reiterate that being verified does not make you immune to infractions or bans. Please post responsibly.

►ApocalypseNow
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Void, did you really hack a moderators account just for a shitpost? I kind of admire it, actually. When you get banned again, is your next account going to have three x's on each side or will you just change the order of the capitals?

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
ApocalypseNow This is real. Like it or not, this is the future.

IronMaiden How does that humble pie taste? Mods take yet another L, news at 11.

Anyway, I've added myself to the Brockton Bay power rankings thread. I know we work on feats most of the time, but I can put myself above Velocity by default, right?

User was warned for this post. (Do not incite arguments or flame moderators for doing their job correctly.)

►Aloha (Cape Groupie)
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Why is this thread still up?

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Why wouldn't it be up?

Having trouble coming to terms with reality? This video might help.

►ArchmageEin
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Oh god. It's real. Void Cowboy is a cape.

I'm posting in a legendary thread. People will look back on this thread in the future and say "That was it. That was the turning point when everything started going downhill."

Anyone else just love the fact that, given the perfect opportunity to break away from his old name – he decides "Nah, I want to be the cape that everyone remembers for running the 'Best Waifu in Brockton' voting tournament for three years in a row and for being the guy who tricked Shielder into rating his sister's ass out of ten on a public forum."

►Chrome
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
Local news just mentioned some confirmed sightings close to the docks. Some grainy CCTV footage here as the cops arrive to take the perp away.

►Loliconarmy
Replied On Mar 3rd 2011:
There's no justice in the world.

The worst shitposter in Brockton Bay just lucked into the cape scene. Praying that he gets smoked by Lung.

User was warned for this post. (Do not wish harm on other users.)

End of Page. 1, 2, 3

Private message from GStringGirl:

XxVoid_CowboyxX: It's probably better to go into an intelligence focused build if you are new – you get a lot more room to mess up because of the healing, and you don't have to learn as many things to dodge. It isn't as strong late-game, but you can respec for a little gold without too much trouble by then.
GStringGirl: I'll give it a shot.
GStringGirl: Hey, you've been kind of quiet lately. Are you alright?
GStringGirl: Void?
GStringGirl: Just saw your thread – are you really a cape? That's amazing!
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hey, sorry I haven't been around much – I guess you know why now!
GStringGirl: I'll forgive you this time, given the circumstances!
GStringGirl: I know you probably won't have that much time to spare for a while, but I'd really like to hear about your adventures as a cape when you are bored.
GStringGirl: Running around freely, fighting crime… sounds like a dream come true.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: You know, I'd be more than happy to discuss it in person if you wanted?
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Only if you wanted to, of course. I appreciate it's a bit much to just expose your online identity to a stranger like that, even if it's to a cape.
GStringGirl: Yeah, I don't think I'm as brave as you on that front.
GStringGirl: I'll pass for now – I'm a bit of a disaster to meet in person. Wouldn't know what to say or do with myself.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Well. The offer is open. We're good friends, I'm not letting cape business get between us like that.
GStringGirl: Thanks, that means a lot to me.

Private message from Group: Brockton Bay Moderators:
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hey, what gives?
IronMaiden: Not even going to humour you. Stop wasting our time.
IronMaiden has left the conversation.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Proof. Verify me?
PlatinumIdol: I hope you don't mind if I check for editing? Can I see some variety of the same?
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Shoe on head.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Writing username, then jumping off of roof.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Writing username, then stabbing hand with sharp kitchen knife. (no gore)
PlatinumIdol: Stop. That's enough.
PlatinumIdol: Verified.
PlatinumIdol: As a newly verified independent, we have a duty to inform you of the range of options available to you as a cape – the most notable of these being the Wards program.
XxVoid_CowboyxX has left the conversation.
PlatinumIdol has added XxVoid_CowboyxX to the conversation.
PlatinumIdol: That doesn't work on mods. Sorry.
PlatinumIdol: I get the feeling, but it's a legal thing we need to comply with. You can read this at your own leisure, but I need to give you the entire speech or we get into trouble. I don't like it anymore than you probably do. It's a whole child protection thing, we either have to do it or kick you off the site.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Can't another mod do it? I think I would really like IronMaiden to do it. The message might really sink into my head if she messages me about it.
PlatinumIdol: LOL. This is why half of the mod team hates you. I'll ask her to do the honours this one time. Leave your private messages open, I doubt she'll want to use public modmail.

Private message from ABugInBrockton:
ABugInBrockton: Hey, sorry for randomly messaging you out of nowhere.
ABugInBrockton: I saw your thread yesterday and I've seen you mentioned in the news as well. I'm a new cape myself, not ready to go out and debut just yet – but I thought maybe we could chat? Maybe you could give me some advice? Just minor stuff really.
ABugInBrockton: Never mind. I'm sure you are really busy. This was a bad idea.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hey, sorry about the late reply – I'm always happy to help, and I'd love to chat.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Quick question to start, what is your power exactly?
ABugInBrockton: I control bugs.
ABugInBrockton: I know that sounds like not much and I know you probably don't want to partner up with a weak power – but even just a few pointers in the right direction would mean a lot to me. I don't think the Wards would be a great fit, and I don't really have anywhere else to look.
ABugInBrockton: And I understand it's probably hard to just take my word for it – I guess people pretend to be capes all the time on these boards.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: That power sounds cool! I guess you can control bugs in an area around you? That sounds really useful, and I'm not being sarcastic there at all.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: I felt the same way about the Wards, I thought I would see how I did on my own for a bit. I would love to chat with you, but more than that – I'd love to work with you for a bit. No need to unmask or anything, just a nice, friendly patrol together to take out some muggers together.
ABugInBrockton: I'm not ready to do that! I don't even have a good name, and my costume isn't finished yet either.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Your costume doesn't need to be complete. Unless you join the wards, nobody starts out with a complete costume. I've been going out in an oversized hoodie I found in a thrift shop – and if you control bugs, you should be letting them do all the fighting while you stay away. That means you shouldn't need armour if you're being sensible. No need to worry about a knife from thirty metres away, and guns can't shoot around corners.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: And you'd have me to attract any attention you don't want going to yourself. Just call yourself "Bug", say it's a temporary name – and you can step outside and be a hero. Make a name for yourself and leave whatever troubles you have in real life behind for a while.
ABugInBrockton: That's a lot to think about... but you might be right. Can I have some time to think about it?
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Sure thing. I'll look forward to hearing from you soon.

Log out? (Y)/(N)
(Y)

AN: I did say that the Taylor fight was already done and had just been moved, so I got off my ass and finished the rest of it to update in probably-record time.

For the name… I was originally going to go with the titular Duellist. But when I think about my image of Greg… I see him sticking with his guns. "Yeah that's me! Degenerate troll and proud of it! That's a badass name and everyone knows it!" Is it a good, sensible idea? Probably not. Is it worth the meme and already a big part of his identity? Hell yes. I'll see how the story pans out from here to see if its just a temporary thing as a vigilante or something that gets rebranded later when more official names get applied.

I'll update challenge lists later, and have a better read-through for grammar mistakes as well. I know I've missed a few.
Last edited: Sep 6, 2021
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Truebalance and 1,037 others
Tamzar
Sep 5, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Dec 21, 2021
Add bookmark
#1,199
I kick my feet off the side of the roof, looking down at the dimly-lit street below. Glory Girl's shield was toggled on as my current power, not requiring any real focus to maintain but still occupying my active power slot. The recharge was notably slower than hers, but the biggest drawback by far was the fact that it didn't recover at all unless I had it selected – meaning that in a typical fight, I'd only get to block one thing if I was using my other powers constantly. Still useful, just a bit of a dampener on my dreams of invincibility.

On the plus side, I was now mostly immune to rain. Taylor, or should I say, Bug – obviously couldn't say the same. There was something mildly amusing about seeing the masked cape wearing an oversized plastic coat with a large hood just to keep herself dry in the downpour. She hovers under the streetlight, looking around in all directions before settling in to wait.

"Challenge." I whisper. I go backwards this time, spinning around 180 degrees and bursting forward in my speed-state before the bugs properly reach me. Keep running in a straight line. Don't respond to anything else. When the clouds of bugs streaming to intercept me stop, I stop as well. I look around for familiar landmarks, not finding any I knew already – but plenty that I could look up later when I had a map or some spare time. "Chang's Jewellery. Bus stop 7, route 18. Apartment blocks. Parking block two-hundred metres. Methodist Church." I repeat them to myself in my head, then nod firmly.

The bugs were still creeping towards me at a much slower pace, and Taylor wasn't stupid – she would realise I was trying to map her out if I zipped across her range like this a few times in a row within a single challenge. The biggest mistake here would be getting bad data by her moving or faking me out, which would only screw me later on.

I do a double backflip off a roof to exit the simulation to the sound of rushing wind and snapping bones.

FAILURE​

I brush aside the notification, impatiently waiting for the real world to come back into my vision. I quickly note the shops, addresses and signs I had seen onto my phone – doing my best to shield it from the rain as I did so. I'd have to check on my computer at home, but once I found and marked that spot I could consider that to be another marker along the northern-edge of her range from wherever she started. The data I already had didn't make a perfect circle yet however I twisted it, but the more points I had the more specific the model would get. Repeatedly marking the edge of her range like this should eventually make a circle around a particular building, then I would have my target.

But enough of that. I didn't put on this get-up in the pouring rain to do geometry in my free time. I drop to the ground in my shadow state, just a few steps behind Taylor. "You know, I would have been happy to delay on account of the weather if you had asked."

She spins around at the sound of my voice, marginally relaxing as she takes in the sight of me. "Are you-"

"You must be Bug." I give her a friendly wave. "I'm Void Cowboy, though I'm sure the name needs no introduction. You must have heard of me before this cape business, right?"

Her mask creases slightly as she seems to frown through it. "No, I only recently started looking through the site at all to start preparing for what I should do as a cape – I've never really spent much time there before that. Your thread kind of... jumped out at me when I was flicking through on a whim, I suppose. I saw a few people mentioning you being a long-time poster, but I didn't really understand the context of that much of it." She shrugs helplessly. "I guess you're a bit of an internet celebrity?"

My palm impacts my face full force. "If we're limiting celebrity status to the local boards, then I suppose you could say that." Not many people had recognisable names that weren't actual capes, moderators, leakers or PRT spokesmen. "I was just curious if you recognised the name, nothing to worry that much about." I gesture for her to follow me out of the rain towards an overhanging roof that could act as shelter. "Let's get out of the rain before we talk."

I guess that answers one question that had been plaguing me for the entire weekend. My decision to announce that Void Cowboy was a cape had been reasoned out thoroughly, with plenty of beneficial arguments to it that weren't purely limited to the ability to troll PHO and also get a kickass name out of the deal. Those beneficial arguments were too long and complex to list out here and now, so people will just have to give me the benefit of the doubt on that. That said, I will admit that there was one potential downside that I realised about twenty-four hours after the reveal. I had told Taylor my username once.

A silly gesture on my part, of course. Who is silly enough to give someone the details to connect online activity to their real identity? Usually not me, but in this instance, I had been riding high off a string of successes and more interactions with Taylor in a week than I usually got in a year. I had gotten the Trio off her back for a bit, made sure she knew it was because of me… and offered to keep in touch via PHO while the Trio did their best to keep us separated.

Even though I hadn't remembered that I had done that at the time, I wasn't that worried upon realising my mistake. After all, in the nicest possible way – Taylor has no friends. Apart from me, I guess. She isn't going to gossip to anyone about it. She's also kind-of mastered into liking me a bit more than before, she has no reason to particularly dislike me or be angry once she knows my identity. It's not ideal, of course – spreading information like that is never good – but it would just become another facet of our relationship. School buddies by day, cape partners by night.

So I had, naturally, expected her to be a little more… aware when she messaged me. Not to the extent of revealing herself, of course. But… a hint of recognition. An ounce of casual greeting. A bit of confidence that she knew who she was dealing with. I didn't get any of that in the shy, stumbling messages that asked me for a bit of help and guidance, but I had brushed it off as potentially not wanting any trace of digital logs to be kept of our interactions – which was perhaps too optimistic of me, Taylor didn't know enough about technology to be worried to that extent. She wasn't stupid or ignorant, but she wasn't exactly at the top of computer class or likely to be concerned about hacking concerns or the latest surge in online privacy violations.

With her reactions now – still shy, anxious and seemingly a little starstruck just by meeting another rookie cape – there was no doubt in my mind as to what happened when I slipped her my information. Message from Greg about some internet thing? Straight to the junk folder. So used to brushing off my offers to link up that she glossed over the message on sight, mentally declining it before even taking in the details.

That… stung a bit, actually. Not just because of the action which I was very used to, but because this was after I had already done a little tweaking to make her friendlier. I wasn't mad or anything. I know that she's a bit of a technophobe, obviously – and that actually creating a social media account and using it to interact with people who knew her would be a big step for someone who doesn't even bring their mobile phone to school. I couldn't be too annoyed, especially when it was probably for the best that less people knew my real identity – and therefore this result worked out better for me.

It was fine. It just didn't do much to preserve my ego. What I'm trying to say, is that I'm not bitter or twisted about this turn of events at all. Really.

Well. The upside is that as long as I don't bring it up, she can't blame me for not spelling it out to her – because I shouldn't have any reason to know who she is and would hardly have a reason to bring it up again. She probably wouldn't take the news gracefully if I hinted that I knew her identity, so pleading ignorance is the best play here.

Which is fine. I'm great at being ignorant – girls tell me that all the time. "So, you said that you could control bugs?" I quiz innocently, ducking under the shelter and gesturing for her to do the same.

"That's right." She nods stiffly. "I can use a much larger swarm, but most of my bugs hate it when it rains as much as this." She forms a quick circle of flies in front of her before dismissing them.

"Relax. No need to be so tense." Having the advantage on her like this for once was fun – knowing that it was a rather nervous Taylor under the mask while she tried badly to look cool and professional for the first impression. "We're all on the same side here, just getting to know each other before we head out on patrol. Gotta make sure we know what the other can do and that we don't get in each other's way in the middle of a fight. I'm a Trump, with a bunch of grab-bag powers that I can use one of at a time – the most notable being a neat personal forcefield, intangibility, a speedster powerset and a limited version of Clockblocker's powerset. Most of my powers are knock-off versions of other capes around the Bay, although I don't know the exact mechanic behind the new ones I get over time. I'm trying to keep the fact that I get new ones a secret, so don't go spreading that one around just yet." She nods seriously at that. I believe her. Again, no friends to gossip with.

I can't help but notice as Taylor shrinks with every word, opting to cut my list of powers short and let her get a response in. "I, uh, I just have bugs. I don't know how much use I'll be on a patrol, but I did bring some equipment!" She jiggles the backpack behind her, the sound highlighting that the container was clearly packed to the brim with bits and pieces that she thought might be useful.

I make a face. I'd have to convince her to drop the bag eventually, or maybe let reality do the work for me as she realises how tiring lugging that around was going to be. Although, she probably wasn't going to be fighting in melee like I did and a heavy backpack wouldn't be nerfing a speedster power that much either. Maybe it would be fine? "I wouldn't be that down on yourself. There's a lot that you can do with bugs. Remember that we're only really likely to run into muggers most of the time. Trust me, if you cover someone head-to-toe in bugs they aren't going to be able to aim at anything because they'll be panicking so much. Then, if they still cause trouble – get the whole swarm to start crawling into their mouths, ears, nostrils. You can win the entire fight without them even setting eyes on you."

She doesn't say anything for a moment, as if processing my words a few times over in her head. "But don't you think that's going a bit too far?" She looks somewhat perturbed at my words, as if I was the sick mind who came up with the idea of using bugs like that.

Still, her question only had one answer. "Not really?" I wave at her. "These people have knives, guns and the intent to use them if it means getting away. It's fine for me, because a lot of my powers are solid in an actual fair-fight-" As much as I complained about how gimped my powers were, I didn't lose to unpowered people anymore – and guns had little value if they didn't catch me by surprise way out in the open. "-but you could get shot once and that would be the end of it. You can't be much of a hero if you lose in a fight to a mugger day one. You can't expect them to play fair if you do beat them either, people might be cautious of getting on the PRT's bad side – but any of the gangs would happily force you into their service or kill you if they got the opportunity, to say nothing of the more minor criminal elements who have no use for recruiting capes."

I didn't feel the need to spell it out, but as a girl and an independent both, the price of her being defeated and captured by either a random criminal or two out of the three larger gangs in the city would be somewhat more traumatising than it would likely be for me.

"I know that, but skipping straight to that level of violence doesn't seem very heroic. We're supposed to hold ourselves to a higher standard." Taylor insists. "I want to be a hero, not some thug that gets a reputation for pouring bees down someone's throat at the slightest provocation."

"Do you think I want to run around breaking bones?" I pull a face that she can't see. "I don't have many great capture options, and none of my powers are flashy or intimidating enough to make someone surrender at the sight of me. I look like I got caught in an explosion at a thrift store somewhere, and that won't change until I have a reputation behind me. I'm not going to say that you need to make an example out of everyone to cross your path, but you need to use the cards that are available to you."

"Except those cards are bugs." There's a tinge of uncharacteristic bitterness to her voice. That wasn't to say that Taylor wasn't often bitter about something, but that this time the bitterness was directed at herself.

I suppose it makes sense. It seems silly for me to imagine, having felt first-hand how devastatingly effective even a 'small' swarm of bugs can be in a life-or-death fight – but to her, the idea of being anything other than a tourist attraction or a scary story to tell children about is the height of wishful thinking. I highly doubt she's used her bugs in an actual fight in any capacity, so she probably thinks that people could just ignore her bugs as a minor annoyance.

I cross my arms, musing to myself. Let it never be said that I never looked out for other people, the best way to fix this was to set her onto some unsuspecting mugger. "Well. I think you are underselling yourself, but I can tell that you aren't going to take my word for it. We both came out here to patrol, so I think the best thing I can do to convince you that you are wrong is to find some violent looking thug for you to handle."

She looks like she wants to argue for a moment, but then relaxes and nods her head in acceptance. "I'll do what I can." After a moment, she pipes up again. "Although, how do we actually patrol? I mean, I know we do a planned route and look for trouble and all of that – but what should I actually do specifically?"

Back into conversational territory that I am an expert in. "Well, I've found that the worst part about patrolling is actually finding some trouble to get involved in. I have a pretty decent speedster power when it comes to just travelling around, so I was thinking that I could scout around and look for trouble – if I find anything, I just zip straight back to the main street to meet up with you and we can approach it together."

"That just sounds like I'm holding you back." Taylor grimaces. "You could have handled it yourself twice over by the time I get there."

"In some cases, sure." I give a vague shrug. "If it's something time-sensitive, then I might have to do it myself – but there are plenty of things I run into that I have to pass up on intervening. Usually, when there's a few guys involved and I suspect guns might be involved – a gang stirring up trouble or moving something illegal-looking around."

She seems doubtful, like I'm only saying that to keep her spirits up.

I hold a finger in the air to attract her attention. "It might not seem like it sometimes, but I'm very aware of my own limits and mortality. I'm pretty cautious about things that might get me killed, and I have no intention of going out because I tried to punch a guy right as his buddy with a gun comes back around the corner after buying smokes. But with you, suddenly we have the numbers advantage. Those people with a gun are sitting ducks for you and your swarm, and you can easily scout out any reinforcements or enemies lurking in the shadows with your bugs. If we need to scare them off? A giant, teeming mass of chittering insects twice their size is going to make anyone turn and run for the hills. Give it a chance and I think you will find that your power can do a lot of good in the right situation."

"I guess we'll see." She peers out under the hood of her coat at the rain beyond our temporary shelter. "I'm willing to try at least. So, should I just… keep walking in a straight line and wait for you to come find me?"

I nod enthusiastically. "I'll run ahead with my speed-state, but it's pretty easy for me to miss things – especially if they just happen in an alleyway I don't happen to run down. You can see through your bugs, right? Maybe-"

"No." She shakes her head. "I mean, I suppose I have a… sense about what they are doing and where they are, but I can't actually see through their eyes or use their senses."

I frown internally at that. Then what did that mean for her current challenge? There was no way for her to have actual line of sight on me throughout so many streets, and even somehow collating all the local CCTV together wouldn't give her the full coverage of my movements inside the buildings. Nor was there a delay in her swarm adjusting its path to pursue me, even when I was sprinting at twice along at twice the local speed limit. Was it another possible future challenge, except with a Taylor that had second-triggered? Or had I somehow already been compromised, a small bug hidden on my person from the start just like at the bank challenge? Surely not, I had dipped into my shadow state at points to go through walls and the swarm had unerringly pursued me despite the fact that any bugs should have been dislodged by the move. I would probably find out more once I actually pinned down her location, being able to rule out the use of cameras or a friendly cape power would tell me the specifics better than pure guesswork could.

"B-but I can still keep track of people around me." She hastens to add, doubtless taking my momentary silence in the wrong way. "I mean, my bugs land on people all the time – and I can sense their position well enough to know that they've landed on something that's moving and alive. Keeping track of people moving from there is trivial, even if it's hard to work out who those people are or what they are doing just from my bugs alone. I'd have to have my bugs work out an outline of what they look like, which would probably attract more attention than we want."

"I don't think the average citizen out for a late-night stroll would appreciate it." I agree. "It would be rather bothersome if the PRT showed up to investigate the new bug-themed villain terrorising the streets – but even having a vague idea of where people are is good enough for what we need. Gang members are quite distinctive in their movements, not many people are willing to be outside for long at a time like this without half-sprinting wherever they want to go. Anyone patrolling back and forth or standing guard somewhere is pretty suspicious."

The bug-themed cape expresses her understanding with a hum. "Alright. I- Is there anything else we need to talk about, or should we just… go?"

I stretch my arms out, letting my personal shield fade out as I duck out of our temporary shelter – immediately getting plastered by the heavy rain outside. It was supposed to stop soon, but that was small consolation for us here and now. "I'll investigate ahead, checking out a few of the alleyways ahead of your range. If you keep walking in a straight direction, I'll double back and find you every few minutes and we can see if either of us spotted anything strange we can investigate." I give her a mock salute. "See you in a bit!" I freeze mid-wave, switching my powers mid-motion in an attempt to make it look as seamless as I can.

I barely catch her hasty farewell as I zip away in my speed-state. As much as there was some merit in being organised and talking things over with each other in advance, I think the best thing I could do to help her out was to push her in at the deep end. Well, not the deep end. The middle of the pool, maybe. A solid, practical example of her power being useful and powerful, that also reminded her that she could do a lot of good with it and she wasn't wasting her time in the attempt. I could tell her that as much as I like, but I don't think the message will ever sink in until she actually ends up in a fight with the local street thugs.

Dashing through the streets is oddly relaxing, my wet clothes and the increased resistance of the raindrops in front of me serving to slow me down more than usual – but there is something viscerally satisfying about actually being able to see the individual droplets falling around me and dashing past them before they even get close to the ground.

The satisfaction can't keep me entertained forever though. I needed to find a suitable target, which was the only reason I had suggested this area to meet-up in the first place. There were always shady characters around these downtown areas just outside of the docks. The ABB likely held more of a claim to the area than anyone else just because of the local demographics, but it wasn't exactly a stronghold of theirs that they ever needed to actively defend from other gangs. Passive ownership. Not white enough for the Empire to care, not important enough for either of the major gangs to really bother fighting over it. Mostly minor players, unaffiliated drug dealers and thugs – clearly distinct from the deliberately visible gang members passing through. An unpleasant place still, yes - but not in the somewhat war-torn way that you saw in the worst districts of the city.

In truth, I hadn't been entirely honest with Taylor about my searching methods. Some of it was true, of course, I was checking out the streets and alleyways and generally looking for criminal activity – that just wasn't very likely to be effective. Online testimonies from ex-vigilantes attested to that fact being normal, that even in notoriously scummy areas the odds of you just walking around and stumbling on a crime in progress was minimal. So, I cheated. Instead of hoping to just catch someone in the act, I just followed likely criminals around – knowing that they weren't likely to be up to any good this late at night.

That train of thought would likely send alarm bells ringing for the more alarmist sections of social media, in a city with as much blatant racial tension as this one – racial profiling and discrimination was obviously a hot topic. Fortunately, I was free of such bias.

CARLA WATFORD

Civilian 1/4

(WRLD)​

Mostly because my power, conveniently enough, tended to name and categorise challenges as a general description of the enemy in question. At least for the first stage – later stages tended to be more fantastical, but that wasn't important here. For most people, that identifier was nothing more than a generic citizen or perhaps a student. For capes, a simple identifier of either a name or an affiliation for the person inside the challenge. The first challenge was not perfect for identifying capes immediately, they could easily be described in their civilian ID like Sophia – but for people who had a more dangerous lifestyle that didn't quite count as a simple civilian? Something that wasn't much of a secret? I tended to get a little heads up that they weren't normal.

Iseul Yeong-Ja

Firearms Seller 1/5

(ALRT)​

The streets are pretty empty, and at this speed, I don't even need to slow down to assess each person before moving on. That wasn't to say that these people weren't capable of criminal acts, naturally, but simply that the system behind my power hadn't decided that they could be summed up as 'Mugger', 'Criminal' or 'Gang Member' or any variant of those.

I drift past a few more hunched over figures, homeless men by the looks of them. Mostly unremarkable, save for a 'DESPERATE SOUL' and a 'HARDENED SURVIVOR' among the beggars but otherwise nothing worth a second look-

Brendan Mikael

Escaped Convict 1/4

(ZONE)​

-except for one, hanging back at the edges of the shelter – shoulders visibly shaking under the effects of some unnamed street drug that I hope to never experience myself. I stick to the shadowy side of the street and just watch for a while, slipping out of my speed-state and raising my personal shield in its place.

I wasn't the kind of person who would religiously hunt down every potential law-breaker without fail – if this guy had settled into life and wasn't bothering anyone, I wasn't going to knock him out and drag him back to the police station kicking and screaming. But he was the only one in the entire group that didn't have some variant of 'Hungry Homeless Guy' or 'Street Beggar' as their challenge name. If my power felt that this was the best way to sum him up, I was happy to keep watching.

I have to wait a little too long for my tastes, which is to say, more than one or two minutes. After a while the man's shaking briefly subsides and he pushes himself up sluggishly from the wall – attracting the rest of the group's attention as he stumbles towards them with a threatening look about him.

The unified reaction is telling, locked shoulders and stern faces in the face of his unstable swagger and blustering that was audible even from here. He's clearly a familiar face, and not necessarily a welcome one even in the most desperate of social circles. Multiple blades are brandished on both sides, short and ugly things that took a terribly long time to kill someone with if it wasn't somewhere important. Not proper knives, but brutal enough to take the fight out of a person very quickly if they aren't used to the sensation of getting stabbed. Unlike me, I would win the fight if it came to it – a knife isn't good at actually killing someone unless it can cut something important in your limbs, hit an important artery or hit an important organ. I'm pretty used to fighting with lots of holes in my chest at this point. In the middle of a fight, it feels like you just got punched until the blood loss starts to hit you.

Although, as much as I could stand here and bluster about how I would beat him in a challenge despite the weaponry difference – I wouldn't want to take the fight in real life. I would kill him first, undeniably – but challenges never accounted for the fact that I would probably die to some terrible disease in a hospital three days later. A quote endlessly repeated and reattributed across various forums often said that the winner of a knife fight is the one that gets to die in the hospital instead of on the street, I have no intention of discovering the truth of that statement myself.

But at the same time, watching the clearly drug-addled and violent-looking man stumble off into the night – I think I had a likely target. I slide back into my speed-state, taking a quick detour through the streets to get around the man without going through him as I moved to meet up with Taylor again.

Taylor, for her part, is already looking directly at me when I spot her trudging along the streets. Considering how unlikely it was that she just happened to be glancing in my direction as I approached faster than most cars… "Ah, you already have a bug on me then?" I don't wait for the confirmation. "I guess that makes things easier for us. I found a guy that is probably on some illegal substance, carrying around a nasty looking shiv and looked like he wanted to start a fight with someone. Unless you found something else to look out for, maybe we should follow him?" I start gesturing in the direction the man was going in, beckoning her to follow me as I walked.

"Follow him? Couldn't you just stop him now?" She jogs after me, figure mostly buried in her coat of choice. "I don't know if I need to be involved just for one guy."

"Maybe if we were in one of the better parts of town." I concede. "Parts where they would actually care about unstable people wandering around with guns or knives – but most of that in itself is legal. If we just jump a random guy in the streets, it turns out that he isn't on drugs and actually has some mental issue and suddenly we're the overzealous heroes striking fear into the hearts of innocent citizens. And even if we did, what proof would we even have? The police would take him, throw him in a cell to sober up for a day and then let him out. We need him to actually attempt a crime before we can step in."

"That sounds a bit-" She sounds conflicted about the idea. "-wrong. Even if it's just temporary, if it stops a more serious crime from happening at all – isn't that the better solution? The police might be able to help him, or he could work on whatever his problem might be and turn his life around. Just waiting for him to take one step out of line doesn't seem very heroic."

It wasn't, but we needed to be pragmatic. "The problem is that we can't come back tomorrow. I'm not saying that we should bait him into doing anything, I'm fairly sure that's a crime – but if he does do anything arrest-worthy today, he would probably do it again tomorrow or next week as well. We can't be everywhere, so we need to make our patrols count." I should check he hadn't changed direction soon, he wasn't moving fast when I left him but if he shuffled inside a building I would never find him. "I know the ideal situation is to run into a gang member or three, pointing guns at a few hostages or something – but that situation just doesn't crop up that much. We're here to try and make the streets a bit safer, so let's keep an eye on the most dangerous-looking guy I've seen today – just in case."

Taylor wilts slightly. "I guess that makes sense." She makes a shooing gesture. "I'll use my bug to follow in the direction you go, you should keep an eye on him just in case he does anything while we aren't looking. No sense in waiting for me to walk while we lose track of him."

I freeze mid-step, causing her to glance curiously as I wait out my timer. Three seconds later, I give a brief grunt of assent that is likely cut off by my burst of speed back into the streets ahead. Zipping past a few buildings, across a road and I almost run into the back of my new favourite person. A little way off from where I had left him, an almost zig-zag like pattern to his movements between the streets if he had ended up here. I backstep a dozen paces before he glances behind him, then lean into a side alley. Was I within Taylors range here? If I wasn't I should be very close. I didn't know the exact limits, but if I used her current challenge as a guideline – I was well within what I guessed the limits of her range were there. That could be a stronger, boosted version of Taylor – but I would guess it wasn't far off.

My pretty speech to Taylor wasn't entirely inaccurate, but I certainly would have handled this a bit differently on my own. Knowing that he was already wanted, a random bout of violence that left him knocked out and ready for pickup would have been fine in the end – but that wouldn't help Taylor to choose the path of the angels and all of that. My power seemed to think that she was likely to be a future villain, and her powers certainly didn't do anything to dissuade that estimate – a bit of encouragement and showing that she can make the world a better place could go a long way. That was my aim for today, and the next few patrols as well.

An unironically selfless goal, funnily enough. It seems strange to say with my powers and general outlook on my future right now, but I really do want to help her out. I was an asshole sometimes, but I wasn't entirely without empathy to people I like.

Mid-musing, a bug starts ramming itself into my forehead. I glance down at my makeshift costume, I hadn't even noticed the smaller bugs that had landed on both of my hands, with more bugs settling on me while I waited. Not in great numbers, but it was clear when you knew what to look for. More were on the rest of my costume somewhere no doubt. I point forwards at the man, idly hoping that the imperfect outline of her bugs pointing will be apparent to Taylor's remote view.

Maybe, the fly stops headbutting me at least. I dash forward another street to keep him in line of sight as he heads into a nearby park. There, he seems content to settle down by a fence – idly twitching and scratching at himself periodically.

Taylor doesn't seem to struggle to find me, either I had never fully left her range or she had no difficulties picking up my specific bug again once she caught up. She approaches up through the alleyway behind me, wisely not taking the straightest route through the street where she could be seen. With the coat and backpack, she doesn't look like a cape from a distance until you see her mask and the hints of the undersuit at the collar line – but it was best not to take any chances in my mind.

She sidles into the alley next to me, effectively melting into the shadows as we watch our target for any sign of activity. "Is that him?"

"Mhm." I confirm quietly. "Not entirely sure what he's doing, but it probably isn't anything good."

Taylor watches him for a moment, doubtless dropping a few bugs in his direction to track him better. "Are you sure we shouldn't just call the cops now? I don't think they would have a problem taking him in, he's clearly… unstable. In one way or another."

"Pretty sure it's drugs." I note. "Maybe with a few more issues in his head making it worse. But he still hasn't really done anything wrong. Even if they pick him up, they'll be back out on the street soon enough – this time without us watching when he does something suspicious. It would be a different story in a more affluent area or city, but you could consider the jail cells for these parts to be more of a revolving door for homeless people and petty offenders."

Taylor sounds glum. "That makes sense, but it still doesn't sit right with me." Regardless, she settles into a more comfortable position to stand watch.

One minute drags into five, then ten. Then, the man starts to move in response to a distant motor. Our attention follows his own to the motorbike sliding to a stop at the side of the street not far from us, its rider hopping off and hurrying into a side block of disused garages – not spotting our target approaching before he disappears into the dark.

"He's going to get mugged." Taylor hisses. "Let's go!"

I can't argue with that assessment, although I think we have very different ideas about the exact circumstances of what is happening here. "Agreed." We both rush across the street after the man, who moves deceptively fast considering his obvious ill-health. He slips around the corner first, not even noticing us chasing after him from across the street.

I could blaze past him with my speed-state, of course – but leaving the state would briefly paralyse me afterwards. Putting me in a significant amount of danger around a dangerous druggie, and what I would guess is one of his suppliers – or at least a delivery boy. Did they have a gun? Were there others around the corner? I didn't know the answer to that, so I was quite happy to arrive fashionably late – with my forcefield protecting me from the first shot at anything that comes my way. If I was alone, I would just speed up to the rooftop and dropkick him - break a few bones and call it a day. When I'm setting an example for Taylor... I have fewer options in a hurry.

Taylor accelerates past me. "He isn't stopping! I'm trying, but he just keeps-" The choked scream and roar of rage from the darkness paints the full picture of what's going on better than words ever could. We round the corner to see both attacker and the victim rolling around on the ground – the attacker clearly coming out of the exchange the better, save for the roiling mass of bugs circling his face and giving the victim the chance to fight back for a moment even after the wounds he had sustained in the initial moments of the struggle, judging by the bloody mess of his clothes illuminated only by a distant streetlight.

Vista to close the distance, back into the shield as I land a solid kick below the belt of the attacker. The man crumples, but can't find a target to retaliate again without his vision – a few attempts to claw away at the mass of bugs on his face ends in failure and he opts to simply roll around on the ground to try and shake them instead. I take advantage of his vulnerability by stamping on the hand wielding the knife, kicking it away as he releases it and applying a second kick blindly into the cloud of bugs around his head for good measure. "Keep him down and call the cops!" I call out behind me, already running back to the injured man. "I'll heal this guy up."

"I don't have a phone!" She protests, nevertheless pulling out zip-ties from her supplies and pinning the man down to try and apply them.

"Why would you have all of that, then not bring a phone?" I whisper to myself, somewhat befuddled by the idea. I refocus on the guy in front of me. "Whatever. You, stay still – I can heal you a bit if you don't move too much."

The victim moans as I prod one of the wounds, visible through a ripped shirt – but not as deep as it could have been. A grazing blow. "I'll warn you now, if you try and pull a gun on me – I'm not going to respond nicely. So don't even think about it." His status confirmed my earlier hunch. Nobody sensible would be out on their own in these parts at this time, but being labelled as 'DRUG RUNNER' by my power was just the final nail in the coffin for any hopes of being considered an innocent bystander.

I spare a glance over to Taylor, having her own struggles dealing with the wiry strength of a panicking drug addict with little sense of self-preservation. I studiously opted to ignore the less-than-benevolent hits she got in while attempting to tie the man up – I was very familiar with the typical strength difference between men and women at this point, and I had little doubt that if the man had his wits about him and not having his senses overwhelmed by a swarm of insects that the situation over there would be more dangerous. As it is, neither side makes much progress.

Although, come to think of it. I would need Othala's power to handle any internal injuries here anyway, and I was currently stuck on a strength power that I needed to offload first to try and cycle around to healing. "Bug! Come here quickly, leave him for a moment." It wasn't like he was going anywhere fast in his current state. She doesn't take long to reach me, simply covering the man in a swarm of chittering bodies so stall his efforts to do… anything. Poor guy. "I need to touch your skin."

"Why?" I ignore the question, flicking over to Othala. I couldn't cycle these powers myself, I had to use them and wait them out – and I certainly had no intention of giving this guy invincibility or super strength in case he decided to try his luck against me. She peels a part of her sleeve back, exposing her wrist behind the gloves. I poke it, dumping the blessing at the instant of contact. "Woah, this-"

"-Won't last long. Go and tie him up before it wears off." I interrupt, feeling Othala's power cycle away from strength around to… invisibility. I didn't even know that was an option, but I needed Taylor's one to expire first before I could reapply it and shuffle the power again.

By the time I've sealed the last of the gashes and stabs on the victim, Taylor has long since trussed up the offender. I politely, but firmly retrieve the victim's phone and give it to her to get the cops involved while also offloading the currently stored blessing again – to the realisation that the weak effect only extended to herself, and not her costume. This time, I get regeneration as its replacement – and that brings the man on the ground fully back into the world of healthy, lucid people in short order.

Of course, like any law-abiding citizen, he immediately tries to escape when he hears the sound of sirens in the distance. He tugs away at my insisting hand with false politeness. "Thanks for the help man, but I don't really trust the cops in the area – you know how it is." He sounds a bit too hasty to escape, but stops short of actually trying to force his way free. Cape privilege at its finest – he's scared. Sensible guy.

My grip tightens. "Oh, I do know how it is." I look down at his jacket, prodding a specific pocket that is bulkier than the rest. "But you see, my friend over there – dragging your attacker out to the cops – she's very new to this. She wants to be a hero, you see. And right now, she thinks that together we've saved the life of an innocent citizen. I want to think that too, which is why I'm going to look away for a moment in case you need a moment to yourself before we talk to the cops."

"Man, just let me go. I appreciate the help, but if I get arrested my life is going to be fucked up. Please. I'm not worth the trouble, I just get paid to-" He begins.

I lean in closer. "You're not listening. I know that you almost certainly have something you don't want the cops to find on you. Enough to go to jail for a long time, most likely. I know that's why you were just attacked by a likely client of yours. But when that girl looks back at today, I don't want her to remember that time she saved a criminal from another criminal and sent them both to rot in jail – I want her to see that she did something unambiguously good. So, if you want to toss anything behind a dumpster while I'm not looking and then come with me to talk to the cops like a scared, law-abiding citizen who was delivering a pizza order or something – that's fine." I activate the echoed movement of my arm instantly after making it, letting the ghostly limb move through the air in front of his eyes – just to highlight my cape status a bit more. "And if you don't get my meaning, then I can just drag you to the cops now and let them sniff the truth out themselves."

He licks his lips drily for a moment. "If we were to go with the former, that would be the end of it?"

"And then we walk away into the night. You go on your way after giving your statement, and you hope we don't meet again." I confirm. "You might be sitting there thinking, that sounds too good to be true! But that's it. You're just very lucky that I value her happiness over you getting arrested." This guy would just be another drop in the ocean, with no real impact on Brockton Bay as a whole even if that was my aim. I could get a thousand guys like this in prison, and not make a fraction of the difference that landing a real Cape would do.

The man nods slowly. "I don't know where you got the idea that I might be a dealer or anything." He starts carefully. "But I just need to, you know. Lose the jacket. I think it's ruined. Maybe somebody will come and pick it up if they feel like they could use it. If that's alright."

"Blood is hard to get out. I'm very aware of how much trouble it is. I don't see any problem with you going off to do that." I nod wisely. "I'll just sit here. Then we can go and talk about your traumatic experience with the fine folks at the police department when they show up, and you can go back to delivering packages." I shrug. "Until the next time when we aren't around to save you, I suppose. Have you ever considered a change in career? Genuine question, don't feel the need to give the 'right' answer or anything."

He snorts as he hurls the bloodied jacket onto the roof of a nearby garage. "Before today? No. You wouldn't believe the money involved delivering, uh, takeaways." He shudders, gingerly pressing against the already-faded wounds on his chest. "But ain't nothing worth all of this. I heard the ABB was keeping quiet recently and nobody knows where Lung disappeared off to, but I can't believe that they could tolerate this shit on their own turf. I thought this would be a safe job." Admittedly, he does look shaken. Can't blame him. The first few times you get stabbed really takes it out of you. "Maybe you hear it a lot, but I think I'll consider it a sign to quit, uh, my part-time job. Go and make the most of college without worrying about the loans anymore, you know?"

"Good lad." I pat him on the shoulder as he flings a few bags from his pockets up to join the jacket. "Shall we go? Remember to be cooperative. And complimentary. Just in case I remember seeing something and mention it to our friends." I hadn't realised ABB territory extended this far, but I suspect that it was just a matter of default-ownership with nobody feeling like fighting them for it. The confirmation of Lung being missing was nice as well, matching up with the baseless speculation and theories running across PHO.

He nods, swallowing nervously. "Right."

The guy seems friendly enough, and seems positively eager to accept my kind offer to chat to the police on his own terms. I lurk at his side for a moment, then leave him to his own devices once he gets started with the discussion. There isn't any real need for his sworn testimony anyway, the other guy should get recognised by the system anyway if my powers read on him was right.

I approach Taylor from behind, idly listening in to her discussion with the second officer as she takes notes. "-didn't really want to stay down, but I hope I wasn't too rough-"

"Officer." I incline my head, slicing across whatever information dump Taylor was working through right now. "Sorry to interrupt. I hope my delightful partner over here has been telling you about her heroics? Only good things about me, I hope?"

"Indeed." The officer adjusts her glasses at my interruption. "It truly is a pleasure to see the arrival of a potential new hero on the scene, keen to stop crime and work with the police without brutalising criminals then leaving them on sidewalks." She doesn't even look at me, but I pull a face anyway. I didn't always stick around, sure. Some officers appreciated me, some didn't. I wasn't going to lose any sleep over it. Her voice shifts to a bored monotone. "It is my duty to inform you about the potential opportunities available to you with the Wards, a program that provides training, growth opportunities and a stable career path for up-and-coming heroes like yourselves. If you wish to remain here for a moment, we can arrange a meeting between you and a local representative-"

"We know, we know. Don't worry." I assure her. "Bug here might even take you up on that offer in the future, but today was her first patrol out on the streets and I've just been showing her the ropes. Rest assured, we are both well aware of the Wards and the benefits they have to offer. We just aren't looking for that right now."

Taylor nods in agreement. "It isn't that I hate the idea of it, I'm just not ready to commit to that. I haven't told my family either, or settled on a name." She shakes her head. "I just need to get a bit more used to all of this for now. But I do appreciate the offer. It just… isn't the right time."

Somehow, the officer seems more mollified at her response than mine. Maybe it's a 'girls-sticking-together' thing. A personal grudge against me? Who knows?

It isn't long before the other officer returns from the car, clearly content that their new passenger was secure. At his side, the 'innocent bystander' walks with a steadier look on his face than what he had earlier. "You must be Void Cowboy." The rather bulky officer, to his credit, doesn't seem put off by the presence of two relatively unknown Capes. "If you're willing to stick around, the PRT has been hoping to speak with you. I've been asked to pass the message along. You aren't in trouble, I understand they would like a polite chat about your future." The tone of his voice implies that he couldn't care less if I accepted or not. No love lost between the police and the PRT, a fairly standard relationship between the departments if what I had read online was any indication. "I suppose I should thank you for your help, but the young man here would like to express that far better than I ever could."

He glances at me for a moment, only long enough for me to give him an eye-smile before he focuses his gaze on Taylor. "Hey, uh – I just wanted to say thanks. I didn't see that guy coming at all, didn't have a clue what he wanted with me. I don't even have any money or anything, but I would probably be dead if you guys didn't come along. So, yeah." I keep eye-smiling as he flicks a glance at me, and he hastily continues on instead of stopping. "I'm glad you guys are here! You're both real heroes, the streets are safer with you around." I say nothing. "You, uh, have yourselves a new fan! I'll be cheering for you in the future!" I give him a slight nod. Good enough. A bit cringy, but sometimes that was what you needed. "I should go now, people will think I've gotten lost or something. I'll see you around."

"I would advise checking in to a hospital before you do that." The female officer calls out. "Parahuman healing is rare, and oftentimes not well understood. You may still have unseen injuries or suffer from complications later down the line if you don't get checked out by a professional."

"I'll keep it in mind." His voice says he won't. "But at least for now, I feel better than ever." He flexes an arm experimentally, then paces back onto the street towards his motorbike – already dialling someone on his phone as he walks. Beating a hasty retreat to escape the scene as soon as possible – can't blame him.

"We should be going as well." I step away, drawing the conversation to a close. I'm sure that, left to their own devices – Taylor would spill every step of our actions in full detail and the entire transcript would get leaked on PHO to farm drama. Best to keep it short and sweet. "Shall we head off, Bug?"

"O-of course." What was with her voice? We take a step away as the police officers return to their vehicle.

I poke her gently. "Are you alright?" A suspicious look appears on my face. "Are you crying?"

"No!" She loudly denies. "No. I'm just taking it in. It's a lot to process at once. That's the first time I've properly attacked someone with my power, I really didn't expect him to just try and power through it like that-"

"Druggie strength." I note. "Most people won't be like that." No, she would find that most people would see more than a few hundred bugs in an area and surrender with tears in their eyes rather than try to fight. Even aside from general fear of bugs, few people wanted to fight a cape.

She continues, barely registering my input. "-and then that guy got stabbed, and I thought we just watched someone die and it was our fault, but then you just healed him. And at the end of it all – we saw something bad was going down, had the power to stop it and we just stepped in and handled it. Being thanked for it, it's-" She takes a deep breath in. "It's a lot to take in, but it's… satisfying."

"Being a hero?" I tilt my head in question.

"No. Kind of. Helping people. Stopping bad guys from doing bad things. It sounds so basic and simple, but it just gives me a feeling of…" She grasps the air in front of her as if to hold something. "… a feeling that just says 'Yes, this is how things should be. This is how people with powers should use them, and the world would be a better place if they did.' Something like that." A shaky breath, audible even to me. "It feels right. Makes me want to do it again, I suppose. I feel a bit silly for waiting for so long now. Do- do you want to go on patrol together again sometime?"

"I'd love to." A few months ago, I'd have internally sniggered at that speech. Teased the beginnings of an addiction to beating the shit out of criminals. But as I am now, I can't really criticise anyone for wanting to flex their powers to their full potential. It did feel good – and there was no real way to argue that her way of expressing it was likely more selfless than mine. I smile. "I think we make a good team."

She seems relieved at my acceptance, settling into a happy hum as we retrace our route – settling on a return to our starting point without the need to discuss it. "Although, next time. We're going to sit down and talk about our powers properly first. I can't believe you didn't tell me you can just hand out powers like that-"

I wag my finger. "It isn't as easy as it sounds. I can't just select one and constantly have it up, I get one buff at a time and the lottery wheel spins to see the next one I have to offload. I can't hit myself with it, so it's rarely my preferred choice." I can almost see her mouthing the word 'buff?' to herself in confusion. "I mean, if I land on fire-breathing – I can't exactly just give that to a random citizen or a criminal I'm fighting." Even my mad cackles at the idea of giving it to an administrator bug to apply it back to me ended in failure – I couldn't apply the power to a non-human, nor could a bug gifted with the power tag me with it. Maybe at higher levels of those powers, but not yet.

"Fire-breathing?" She sounded more excited about that than she should be.

I wave my hands. "Don't get excited. Isn't your mask going to be full-face when you finish it? And I can't see that having any synergy with your bugs anyway."

"If we're going to be a team – I'm going to have to compromise a bit." As if that explains anything. "Besides, there's no use me being in a full-body suit if you need skin-contact to even have a chance of healing me or giving me a powerup. Not that I'm anywhere close to having the rest finished anyway."

"Fair point." I fold my arms behind my head as we walk, considering the alternate version of Taylor I had seen in my challenges. "What was the end costume even supposed to look like? If you hadn't met me, that is – if you had gone for your debut when you were ready." Her costume had clearly been modified by the time I had seen it in my challenges, doubtless to enhance her villainous image. As for the original design, it can't have been that bad.

"I was just going to expand the bug theme." Taylor makes some expressive gestures around her coat, as if to highlight the costume unfolding in real time around her body. "Full-body spidersilk, not just the undersuit I have now – the mask was going to come down, maybe some mandibles or something to decorate it? These goggles were going to look something like the eyes on a fly, intimidating but also able to cover any fancy lenses I put in as protective eyewear. I was thinking of different ways to get better armour or padding, but I was thinking that the best way would be to have an expanded version of this undersuit, another protective layer and then another spidersilk layer on top of that to secure- are you alright?"

I remove my palm from my face. "I'm fine." It was the exact same. Taylor, what the fuck? "That sounds… oddly villainous."

"That's absurd." She protests vehemently. "It's just part of the bug theme."

"Nobody likes flies." I tick off one finger in the air. "Nobody likes bugs. Nobody likes giant bugs. Mandibles are kind of creepy. Your eyes were going to glow in the dark as your enemies got devoured by your insect swarm, while the rest of your body is pitch black. That sounds pretty villainous to me, even before your power really comes into it. Very… 'The thing that goes bump in the night' if that makes sense."

"It wasn't going to be that bad." I remain astutely silent in response to her denial, which only serves to enhance her defensiveness. "I'd have made a good first impression, at least. Plenty of heroes have costumes that look intimidating on paper. Alexandria, for example." I close my eyes with a stifled groan. Of course, the all-black costume. The entire thing was a rip-off by an Alexandria fangirl. Why didn't I make that connection before?

"However nice you try to be, your first impression is almost always going to involve someone spotting a swarm of bugs the size of a building and running away." I make a defeated gesture. "I don't know, I saw the yellow and black and thought – 'Aha! She's going for a wasp theme, or maybe a bumblebee. Dangerous, but cute in its own way. She just hasn't added the stripes in yet.' But you were really going for a housefly? Who grows up and decides that they want their superhero costume to be a giant fly?"

"Cu- Ahem. I think you're overblowing it. And it wasn't a fly costume, it was just insect themed." She's sulking now, I can feel it. "It's practical. Maybe it's alright for you, having secret healing powers and a forcefield in your pocket – but I had to sit down and think about other things. I needed armour, and the rest of my equipment as well. I have a first-aid kit, pepper spray, epi-pens, zip-ties, a map, cash, water, energy bars-"

"Are you going hiking?" I protest. A school trip to the countryside? "And I wouldn't be so proud to list all of that preparation when you didn't pick up the number one most obvious inclusion on the list – a mobile phone?"

"I don't really use phones." She wags a finger in my direction to deflect the accusation. "But you're one to talk. You didn't have one either!"

"You didn't bring a phone because you live in the 1990s." I inform her solemnly. "I didn't bring one out of concern for the ceaseless erosion of privacy in the digital age, where mega-corporations, governments and rogue tinker groups can control these devices to spy on our activities in ever-greater detail. We are not the same."

There is a heavy pause. "That just sounds like an excuse to me."

"Electronics mess with one of my defensive powers." I admit begrudgingly. "Can't even have it in a backpack. My watch is weak enough that it's fine, but anything significant makes me pretty vulnerable when I need it the most."

"Oh." That deflates her attack a little. "Well, if we're going to team up - I suppose I'll carry a phone for both of us then. Who knows when we'll need it ourselves, or if we run into something like today where nobody on the scene has one either. That's what teammates are for, right?" That last part accompanies a look to me for assurance. Cute.

Taylor trying to be friendly and earnest is fun to see. I almost want to record it and replay it to her the next time she gives me a dour expression at school. "Right." I stretch my arms out above my head. "Maybe the synergy won't be that bad after all. I can actually give one of my powers to a bug temporarily and control it – so maybe we could share tips on how to use bugs properly- ow!"

Taylor had stopped dead in the middle of the street, causing me to walk straight into her. "Say that again?"

I flick one of her bugs off of my shoulder, selecting it with bug-control, assigning it as my administrator and gifting it with Vista's power in the same motion. "Like th-" I pause. Usually, I maintained my understanding of the positioning of the administrator even when I didn't actively select the bug-control powerset. This time, as I had switched back to the usual forcefield that I use for travelling – I had lost that feeling. I had a slight mental tug indicating the vague direction that my missing power was in – but I had quite clearly had authority taken away from me.

And now Taylor was poking her finger through a tiny cylinder of shortened space – the digit visibly lengthening as it passes through. "Oh, wow."

"Didn't expect that to happen." I reach out with bug-control experimentally, yoinking back control of the administrator. Back to normal, despite Taylor's plaintive cry of protest. "Although, maybe there's more potential in that than I had thought."

Had I ever swapped away from bug-control when using the administrator, while within Taylor's range? I suppose not. Usually, I used it for a purpose that required specific and refined control. My assumption that the priority the first power had over Taylor's would extend to the second power I had got from her was quite clearly flawed, but was that such a bad thing? If we ever fought – an incredibly likely occurrence for one very obvious reason – that sucked for me. But as a team, it almost let me double-up on powers that I could use with precision at the same time. I could still shield myself while letting Taylor use her control to push whatever single power I gave her bug to the limit. Not insanely valuable now, with weak powers – but in time… something to consider. Some powers would be better than others, clearly.

I hear a quiet whisper from the girl. "That's amazing." I can't see her eyes behind the goggles, but I'm certain they are sparkling right now. "We need to experiment. And make some new strategies around it. And you need to tell me what other powers you can use-"

"Bug." I raise a hand to calm her down. On one hand, it was nice to see Taylor excited and talkative about something. On the other, I felt that I wasn't too far away from being chained to a post and used as a lab experiment for the next week. "It's getting late, and we'll be up until tomorrow morning if we do this now. We'll have plenty of time to test what we can do. But we've done enough for tonight. Let's go home – and let's arrange another time to meet up. Preferably one with better weather." The rain might have cleared up, but the night couldn't be considered pleasant still.

She looks disappointed for a moment, but nods regardless. "You're right. There'll be other times. No need to rush things now." She glances down at the bug in her hand, back under her control now that I've switched away – but no longer holding one of my powers. "I- I just want to be clear. This isn't just about power synergy, or safety in numbers, or even maybe getting to use powers that aren't purely related to bugs. I- I enjoyed coming out with you today. Being together. Not just as a practical thing, not even as you helping me out as a rookie – just, um-"

"I get it." I shoot her a thumbs up. "Like I said before, I'm looking forward to working with you. I know I give off the impression of hyper-competence all the time, but there's only so much I can do alone. I think you're a good person, and I'd like to keep this friendship going if you're up for it. A team. At least, until you get bored of me." She looks oddly deflated for some reason. "-or, did I misunderstand what you were going for there?" Maybe I interrupted too fast?

"No! I was- It was stupid. Don't even know what I was going to say, really." She pointedly fixes her gaze to the sidestreet, as if looking out for a crime that would break up the conversation. "I'm just feeling a bit giddy, the adrenaline – I guess. Need to calm down a bit." I could relate. I knew I could get pretty babbly when mouthing off to a defeated enemy after a particularly difficult challenge. I tended to get most of it out of my system before I got back to real-life, but not everyone had such luxuries. "Yeah. Let's- let's be friends."

Don't sound so emotional over that. You already have a friend! Me! Greg-me! I genuinely don't understand girls sometimes. "Void Cowboy and Bug. The dream-team." I nod in approval.

Taylor makes a pained noise. "The name is a bit- I mean- Maybe we should think about rebranding before it gets too well-known." There is a shifty tone in her voice. Like she wants to try and raise a subject without being the one to actually point out the issue. "A real, heroic name that people will look up to – maybe that would be a worthwhile thing to think about. We- we could work on that together."

"Bug isn't great." I admit. "But it also isn't the worst thing you could be called either. It makes you sound insignificant, which might help in downplaying your power to the general public while you get some more heroic deeds under your belt. If you were a criminal, you'd be at the mercy of whoever encountered you first. I could imagine Clockblock heading to the press after your first fight and announcing that you said your name was Dung Beetle. Could be worse?"

"You aren't wrong. My name could be worse too-" She hesitantly starts.

"You could try something completely unrelated to bugs, if it's that much of a struggle." I offer. "As a team, we could make an awesome combo name together." I punch the air dramatically and strike a pose. "Void Cowboy! Void Cowgirl! The ultimate tag-team strike once again!" I raise my hands defensively as Taylor turns to look at me like I was one of her insects. "What?"

"Did you seriously, unironically just suggest that I should rename myself Void Cowgirl?" What was with the disbelieving tone? Don't make it sound like a crazy idea – it's for the sake of the theme!

"Sure, why not?" I watch her shake her head in disbelief. "No, really – what's with that look?"

"It's a lost cause." Her flat, almost mournful tone is somehow more offensive than anything else she could have tried. "I don't know why I even listened to your comments on my costume. I'm sure I can get better advice somewhere else."

Rude. "If this is about my costume, I'll concede that it doesn't look like I know what I'm talking about. This isn't my ideal hero costume. It's super basic, thrift store stuff – I can't make my own gear like you can. But one day, I'll be dressed like a badass and still have the awesome name I started with. You're doing things in reverse! You can fix the costume later, but people are going to remember the name you started out with – people on the internet remember these things!"

She looks away. "I'll think about it." Then she brightens up. "But- we are teammates, right? It would be awkward to have long names in the middle of a fight, wouldn't it?" I make a cautious noise of agreement. "So, maybe it would be best if I just called you Void for short."

People call me that online already. "I don't see a problem with that."

"Great." Why does she look so relieved?

I move the conversation on to the next logical topic. "How about team names then? Void Rangers?"

"…it's getting late." Taylor increases her pace without giving an answer, bursting into a brisk jog instead of giving an answer.

... that was too pointed even for me to ignore. "Don't dodge the question so obviously!"



-I hurtle towards the ground, waving a cheery farewell to the swarm racing up to devour me.

Splat.

FAILURE​

"Middle of the crossroad next to the cemetery." I murmur, tapping it down into my phone. That was consistent, at least. The range to the south was shorter than that to the north. It was hard to get an exact value out over the water to the east, but with enough data points to mark out the beginnings of a curve – I think I could put together a suitable guess for where Taylor was hiding. I needed my computer again. Or a physical map that I could draw the circle on – I needed absolute specifics, guessing the wrong building because I was lazy would set me back too many attempts. It was too easy for her to flood the entire building in bugs, I had trouble even checking a few rooms before the sheer volume of insect life started to affect my ability to phase and use my speed-state effectively.

Searching a large building, especially with the knowledge that she could be hiding in a cupboard rather than being out in the open – it was going to be time-consuming regardless. I just had to be efficient about it. Get the right area. Find Taylor. Kill her. Each step used a lot of attempts, but there was a certain inevitability to it as well. It wasn't a brick wall like Armsmaster – each attempt brought me closer, got me more data. It's only a matter of time.

"What was that?" Taylor asks, peering at me through her half-mask.

"Nothing." I look back up again as my vision fully returns. "How many people, do you think?" This was our third patrol in as many days. Our first one had been a short affair, but this time and the last had consumed basically our entire evenings. Productive, but a bit tiring in its own way.

She makes a thinking gesture. "Seven, I think. Unless any more have miraculously dodged all of the bugs inside so far, but that's pretty unlikely."

I slide my gaze to where the latest packages had been delivered, the illuminated entranceway to the storage area standing out like a lighthouse in the dead of night. "The crates?"

"I'm still checking-" I knew that, I could feel the presence of Shadow Stalker's power dipping and diving into things I couldn't see past the warehouse walls. "-but I think at least a few of them are guns. I think the bug would be reacting differently to powder, and none of the outlines that it is walking on seem to be bags or anything like it."

"Hm." I had mixed feelings about this. On one hand, an ideal target. On the other, guns. "I don't think I can risk exposing myself. It only takes one guy to spray in my direction at the wrong time, and I don't have a defensive option that will stand up to serious weaponry." Rifles, yes. I sometimes got the shield back in time for consecutive shots from a pistol if people were slow about it in challenges – but I would just die to semi-automatic fire. I think. I wasn't going to test that.

"Why do we need to?" Taylor murmurs the question. "I know where they all are, I don't need to seem them to point the swarm at them. We can win the fight from here without them ever knowing where we are."

I pull a face. "That doesn't help us actually arrest them. Unless your bugs can tie them up as well, or knock them out before they just run away?"

"That's a problem for the police." It's hard to make out in the darkness, but the shadows almost seem to swell at the edge of the light from the building. A growing swarm. "If they stay put, the police can pick them up – if they run away, then they'll have to leave the goods behind for the cops to find. If they try and come back, I'll just swarm them again once they come back into range."

"You make it sound so easy." I mull it over. "Alright then. Have it your way."

She doesn't acknowledge me back, but the surge of darkness through the doorways and windows is enough of a response. The shocked cries and screams inside, peppered with intermittent gunfire paints a clear enough picture of what the occupants of the building – almost certainly ABB thugs – were experiencing within.

"Oh, eight people. Must have missed one." Taylor comments. "Nine? Ten?" A note of uncertainty enters her voice. "No, I lost one again-" Lost one? How on earth was it possible to lose someone when the building was filled with a swarm that size? I have my hand on Taylor's collar yanking her backwards before I've even fully registered the answer to the question. "Wha- Hey!"

"Oni Lee!" I hiss as loudly as I dare. "Line of sight teleporter, leaves clones behind when he moves. Very murder happy, likes to cut throats and uses his clones to suicide-bomb his enemies. Let's leave. I want nothing to do with that fight." He was one of the few capes in the Bay that would probably kill me if I lost the fight. The Empire would recruit me, the Protectorate would drop me in the cells for a night and come to play hardball recruitment in the morning. Oni Lee would just skip to the murder, if his online reputation was to be believed. "We should lay low, if you move the swarms in the opposite direction he might follow it to look for us. Can you track him?"

Taylor remains silent for a moment. "On the roof on the opposite side-" A firm grasp on my arm. "No. Above-" Her words cut off, as we both slow to a halt at the man blocking the alleyway ahead of us.

"Fuck." I swing my elbow back behind me in a wide, violent gesture. "Hey, man. Lee! Didn't realise you were, uh, in attendance. We don't really want to fight you. How about we both go our separate ways? We leave your operation alone, you don't try to kill us?" The skittering noises around us were audible as Taylor gathered her swarm back towards her, but I tuned them out for the moment. I couldn't afford to challenge him right now – I would lose my senses for a few seconds, more than long enough to die to a slit throat. Focus.

He would expect his opening move to be lethal against rookie capes. I haven't challenged him directly, but he's shown up enough in other peoples challenges that I know how he tends to start a fight off.

And I'm ready. I didn't expect a civil response, but when the feathery light touch of his blade appears on my neck – Clockblocker's power is already primed to meet it. Typically, this would be impossible – too much damage done before I could react to a blade piercing my skin. This wasn't a reaction. This was a power already being pushed at a target, any viable target, that touched me and applying the instant it found one. Taylor's costume covered most of her neck, and was otherwise clearly armoured around the vital areas – it was only natural for him to go for me. I had been ready with Clockblocker's power to stop a grenade as well in case he didn't try to slit my throat – but this seemed the most likely option.

The blade barely grazes my skin before halting in place, and the instant the power goes through I can feel the stored echo behind me release as I change my active power away. My ghostly elbow rockets across at head height, slamming into his mask before he can even contemplate teleporting away. My follow-up kick at his genitals is wasted, only impacting the clone he leaves behind only a moment after being struck.

The man gathers himself again, clearly unfazed by the strike. He turns away, clearly a temporary retreat as he repositions himself to a better vantage point. Taylor raises her arms in a fighting posture, concentric rings of bugs surrounding her and filling the rest of the alleyway at intermittent intervals. A sensory net to note his teleports, and survive his attacks – but nothing that would help her win. Not if her bugs didn't follow him on each teleport, which her earlier comments certainly implied.

"Alright then." I reach out to prod Taylor's lower face, not concealed by her mask. Othala was useless to me, but not to her. "Speed." I whisper. "We need to split up, he could carpet-bomb this place if we push him far enough. We need to either trap him or escape, whatever opportunity comes up. If you can get away, do it – I can outrun him and go through walls if needed." She nods tensely.

I idly note that she had taken the opportunity to conceal all angles of the alleyway in a small wall of bugs. Smart. He probably couldn't teleport through that without clear vision.

He didn't need to. "Above!" Taylor shouts, I apply the blessing and dodge away – raising Glory Girl's shield as a precaution. He appears neatly in the alleyway, brandishing another blade even as the clone he left behind flops gracelessly through the air – impacting the ground with a wet noise and scattering pulled grenade pins across the floor.

Taylor zooms away with unnatural speed to easily escape the explosion, a wall of bugs in front and behind her preventing Oni Lee from directly intercepting her in a single move. "Hey!" I shout at the real Oni Lee, safely out of range of the explosion that I had tanked with Glory Girl's kindly donated power. "Fuck you, dickweed!" Already, an Oni Lee is in front of me – depositing a brace of grenades at my feet. I don't need to look to know that he is already gone and the one I see is a clone, relocating somewhere behind me already to watch the results of his work.

I hit my shadow state and jump through the wall, the shockwave reverberating strangely through my ghostly body. Not painful, but not at all pleasant and harmless either. I emerge a bit shaken, but uninjured. I take the opportunity to take the penalty required to enter my speed-state, a brief moment of paralysis passes without interruption – Oni Lee clearly showing a bit of caution before investigating my potential escape. Another grenade is tossed into the cracks of the wall left by the previous explosion. Here he comes.

Think. How do I run away? This building was old and broken down enough that he was unlikely to feel any compunctions about bringing it down around me if I tried to hide in a dark corner. Any extended escape attempt across the open road would be a disaster, he would just carpet-bomb the entire street to get to me – I wouldn't be able to shield myself with the paralysis required to drop the speedster powerset. I knew I should technically be faster than him on the long-distance movement thanks to my experience with Emma's challenges, but I didn't have a headstart this time and now I actually had to be concerned with the consequences of getting civilians killed in my escape.

Sneaking out one of the walls at the back was risky, expending a defensive option on the pure hope that he wouldn't be checking the outside perimeter for an escape attempt.

I pause. But then again, so did he. While Oni Lee was a known killer, this wasn't the rabid, bloodthirsting dog present in my simulations. He had his own morals to stick to – maybe a random innocent life wouldn't convince him to drop the bomberman act, but how about his own team?

Two more explosions brings the remains of the wall down along with a small section of the roof still relying on it as support. Before the smoke clears, I'm sprinting through. Not out into the city or to hide myself, but straight into the warehouse we had just attacked. Taylor clearly hadn't been quick to call her bugs off after our initial panic about Oni Lee – not a single member is left standing. Alive, by the looks of it – but either wishing that they weren't or just entirely unconscious.

Perfect. ABB gang members as collateral for his grenades, more than likely at least some of the things stored here were going to react poorly to explosions. I just had to dodge and dip around in my speed-state until he got tired of knifing me. Lung wouldn't allow the real Oni Lee to just kill his subordinates and screw up his operations just to get back at some rookies. He would rather we escaped for him to handle personally than have his subordinate be a loose cannon.

"That's right." I grin at him as he appears in the entranceway. "Behave." I don't bother to look behind me to see if he has already appeared at my back, I just start running. Faster than a car, way faster reactions – I wasn't going to get tagged that easily, even if he could teleport. I just had to move unpredictably, so that I didn't end up running into his blade before I could adjust.

Zig left. Zag right. Over the crate, around the pillar, trample on a fallen gang member – footsteps lighter than a feather in this state. Periodically, an ever-silent Oni Lee would appear in my path – already swinging his blade in an attempt to cut me off, or thrust at an unexpected angle around a corner to catch me off guard. We both turn to glance at the entrance when it loudly swings shut, I get a brief glimpse of Taylor's costume before the door closes.

Why- ah. I could see it now. I'd been so focused on stalling him out and waiting for him to give up or tire, that I hadn't considered the possibility of winning outright. He hadn't noticed yet, it would seem – but the windows have turned into a seething mass of bugs. Not just to let new additions to the swarm in, but serving to prevent him from easily escaping through an exit. Even a grenade might not clear a large enough hole in the swarm, considering how easily any gap could be filled with bugs by the time the smoke had cleared.

Still. That left me with the simple issue of putting him on the back foot in the first place. I duck under a slow-motion lunge, idly tugging at the grenades at his waist. Nothing. I couldn't pull them free with Velocity's power active. Too weak.

Other than that… what options did I even have? I was stuck in this state until I could hide from him for a few seconds, and Taylor shutting the door closed down the most likely escape avenue I could have tried – even if she did likely have her reasons. Find some form of super-cocaine powder and throw it in his face? I could probably pick up something like that, but the odds of finding something so convenient just lying around for me to pick up was astronomically low. I change direction again, dashing left to go behind his back after his latest teleportation – did he just try to trip me? Maybe that would work on other types of speedsters, but I'm a 'everything is slower' guy rather than 'I'm super fast'. I can react to that.

Taylor's voice calls out – recognisable despite the deeper tone caused by the state I was in. "Lights!"

Lights?

Lights. "I could kiss you right now." That was her plan. Block the windows not just to prevent escape, but also to blot out the ambient moonlight and streetlamps. Close the door for the same reason, block out every light source but one – and if I could just turn that off, mister line-of-sight teleporter will be as blind as everyone else!

Of course, the first time I loop around to the light panel – I realise I can't just press the switch normally. Not when I'm crippled by Velocity's power. I take a light graze across my arm for the trouble, opting to sprint another lap around the warehouse instead. Taylor is helping as best she can, even when she can't see. Rotating walls of bugs that block line of sight, yet thin enough to only slightly slow me down as I burst through them. The ceiling coated in a chittering, skittering horde that practically pulses with malevolence – no easy purchase for him to move to a convenient vantage point up there. He's forced to use his teleports in sharp bursts now, once up to the film of bugs – swipe through it to lay eyes beyond it, then again to enter the next section of the room.

This time, I do my best to gain a lead over the man before reaching the light switch. I hammer my first at the switches. One, two, three. Front, back, middle. This time, with enough force behind them – the lights shut off. In moments, the entire room is utterly black. I can't even see a few inches in front of my face.

The ceaseless chittering noise that's been following me ever since the alleyway changes pitch, it's focused now. Every bug, save for – presumably – those blocking the windows, changes direction. Converging on a single point that I can't see, but the result is obvious. An explosion shakes the room, a brief moment of illumination as I realise that he is trying to clear the cloud of bugs with grenades – and perhaps illuminate the room enough to teleport as well.

I take the opportunity to slide myself into a hidden corner between a few empty cardboard boxes and unused crates, stumbling a little in the dark as I go – the warehouse making for treacherous ground even when I know I just need to follow the wall. This should be pretty safe, given the size of the warehouse. I drop the speed-state. Absently handing off the Othala power to a bug sitting on my hand – basic durability this time – then raising my personal shield once again. With my back to a wall, I could phase out of things got really hectic – but I didn't fancy my odds at actually escaping a lucky grenade throw by running around in the dark like I was. I wouldn't even know which way to dodge.

And clearly, he wasn't as worried about the collateral as he was before – but he no longer had infinite grenades to work with. Without his ability to teleport and leave his clone to use its entire arsenal, it didn't take long for him to run out of stock. I could relate to the helpless feeling that he was probably experiencing. Bugs were oppressive. Even if his mask prevented the worst of it, even if they could never really deliver a conclusive blow while Taylor was being nice – there was a sense of powerlessness when you were caught in the swarm. You can never do enough to clear them away from your eyes and ears, you constantly feel surrounded – you can't shake the knowledge that if you could just get your hands on Taylor, you would win but you just can't get there. You don't know where to go, or even where to run to – your sense of direction is long gone, and the entire time all of your senses are screaming at you about how gross, disgusting and repulsive this entire experience is.

I did feel bad for him. Even if he tried to kill me. I should probably be angrier about that, but somehow I find it hard to muster up any complaints about it. Even if it's the real-life version for once, I can't go around hating everyone who makes an attempt on my life – I'd never make any friends. I know it should be different, but I just can't get that personal spark of anger there to start holding a grudge.

I hear the door open, and shut. A brief outline in the doorway, only highlighting the absolute mountain of bugs spiralling at the centre of the room. "Are you okay, Void?" She sounds a little unsure. On reflection, that's probably because her bugs are telling me that I'm curled up in a ball in the corner – with no idea if I'm injured or not.

"Thank god." Taylor lets out a ragged sigh. I can hear her pacing towards me, steps far surer than mine in the dark – the only sense of distance I have is the slight tug indicating that the Othala-bug had applied itself to her and died in the process. Unnecessary in the end, but even a weakened buff is something she can get value out of. It's a good habit to get into. "I, uh, choked his airway a little. Thought it was the best I could do. He's unconscious, what should we do with him?"

I shrug helplessly. "Stick a paper bag on his head? I don't think he would fall for the same trick again if he got free." Otherwise, there wasn't anything to do until the police-

I bite my lip as Taylor finds the lights and flicks them back on. Could I- Dare I? A supervillain, no witnesses, except for Taylor who should be at least partial to my ideas… especially if I just claimed he vanished into the night when I wasn't looking. Could I just… kidnap him? Drop him in a basement somewhere, and just keep challenging him day-in, day-out?

It would be selfish. Dangerous. But, potentially, very rewarding. I doubted that there was such a gap between us that I couldn't bridge it with enough attempts. How many wins before he, or she, was loyal enough to ignore the forced captivity? How powerful would the full version of his powers be – and how much would that accelerate my growth?

Stop. Greg. I'm getting carried away. List the downsides. Everyone will know that Oni Lee disappeared after a fight with the two of us. We'll be a threat from that point on – especially once I show up with a powerful version of his skills. My power might not be able to fully cover for the switch between actually taking them captive and then suddenly having them join my team. I might look like a Master to the other groups in the city. And… Lung. The other groups might suspect something, Lung would just act. Even if I kept quiet about my own involvement, Taylor would be hunted down for her involvement. I doubted my ability to win against Lung fast enough to turn him to my side – so the risk of a fight between him and I, or an even more one-sided one between him and Taylor, was a real possibility.

Fuck. If Taylor wasn't here, or there were fewer gang members as witnesses, fewer sightings of massive bug clouds…

Whatever. Maybe it was something to think about in the future. Take a road-trip to another city, throw a quiet villain in the back of the van and take them home. The risks, in this case, were just too much, even if I was willing to try and work my way around Taylor's morals to do it.

"-Yeah. Stop him from seeing anything, call the police for pickup." I pause. "Or, PRT actually."

"Already called them." She tosses some zip-ties at me to apply to the other fallen gang members. "I don't suppose you have regeneration up?"

"No." I check. "Reflexes." I hand it off to the closest bug, watching it out of the corner of my eye as it flies into Taylors chin and falls away – dead. "Is it bad?"

"Not terrible." She denies, clearly being far rougher with her own ties than needed to secure the ABB cape. "Just a few grazes from debris, rather than the explosions themselves. He didn't chase me for long. Some bruises where I hit the wall a bit hard coming to a stop."

It was hard to be sure about the exact route he took. It would have been trivial to traverse a few rooftops, offload some grenades and be back to my chosen hiding spot in the house in seconds for him. If I had chosen a more standard escape route, it could have seemed like he was near-omnipresent with his teleportation capabilities.

We wouldn't get so lucky a second time. He would have avoided me if he was aware of my defensive options, while Taylor would have been a priority target with her area denial – if he had continued the chase, her buffed speed would have expired and she would have been a sitting duck.

More arguments for the idea of not letting there be a next time... I shake my head. I don't even know how to keep someone captive, or even where I would do it. Nor do I need an easy reason to be arrested whenever Tattletale finally lays eyes on me and realises that I have an easily-provable crime under my belt.

I check Othala's power again. Strength. "I'll heal you myself in a moment, once this guy is all tied up." I glance around as I snap a quick picture on my phone as proof of our victory. Keep the caption short and sweet... done. "Just five?"

"The others ran off at the start, I just let them go." Understandable. Hardly something to complain about, given the results. Before long, there's nothing left to do but wait – my attempts to cycle through Othala's power taking an embarrassingly long time, leaving me with little choice but to close the most obvious cuts and bruises that I could see manually with Panacea's striker ability.

I'm not even close to complete by the time Taylor announces that the heroes have arrived – but at least she isn't bleeding over the floor now.

I take a steady breath in. Oni Lee, defeated. But not to any great benefit for me – not yet. I needed to challenge him before the heroes took him away, and then make any progress I could against the heroes themselves as well.

And then… what? I hadn't expected a real cape fight so suddenly, so soon. Not in these unwanted backwaters, deliberately chosen for how non-critical they were to the gangs. I did well, given the circumstances – and Taylor was impressive too given her lack of experience. But it only highlighted the disparity that remained between most capes and I. Tricks and gimmicks were fine, but all of them combined weren't enough to convincingly defeat Oni Lee alone. Face him on even-footing? Certainly. I was a real cape now. But I only had one life, out in the real world. Taking risks like this… it wasn't good enough. I should only be taking fights that I know I can win, that I know I have won before. I didn't have a choice this time around, but that wouldn't always be the case.

"Well then." I fix a wry grin on my face as Taylor steps up next to me. "Ready to hear another recruitment pitch?"

Her face falls as she realises the truth of my words. "They are going to do that, aren't they?" She groans. "And here I was looking forward to a bit of honest praise."

"You can get it from me instead." I console her. She crosses her arms as if to challenge the statement. "No! I'm serious. That was a great plan. You used your bugs well, came to my rescue like the gallant knight in silver armour that you are. How can you expect me to say anything other than nice things?"

"It's embarrassing coming from you." That actually looks like the truth, she practically shrinks under every word I say.

I pace towards the entrance. "Well, I mean it. I fully expected you to do the sensible thing and run away to get help, but you really- Ow! What was that for?" I nurse my shin for a moment after she sends an annoyed kick my way.

She struts past me, shoulders stiff. "What do you even mean, you expected me to run away? I can't believe you sometimes. You say one nice thing, and it's like you have to say something twice as dumb to make up for it." Is she angry? I think she's angry. "You said that we were a team."

"We are!" I raise my hands in the air. "But that doesn't mean that course of action wasn't the smart, logical thing to do- hey!" I dodge the kick this time, only causing her to pout harder.

"You don't get it." Taylor looks like she has something she wants to say. "You- Hmph. Jerk." She exits the building first, as if that final statement summed up everything somehow.

"I'm not apologising!" I call after her. "You know that I'm right!"

"Girl trouble?" Triumph peers through the entrance at me, calling out in a stage whisper.

I adopt a mournful expression. "Always." I toss my thumb behind me, to the bound ABB members held in a line – now wide awake and likely regretting their life choices, if only because of the insects I could see roaming out of their pants even now. "Care to take these guys off of our hands?"

A group of PRT officers rush through the doorway at his gesture, sweeping through the warehouse and gathering up the captives. A glance behind Triumph shows Taylor talking with Miss Militia. One of my highest priority targets, if I got a solid version of her power – that is. It was easy to imagine getting screwed by my power again, but I only needed to get lucky once.

Three challenges. Oni Lee. Miss Militia. Another attempt at Triumph. Make up with Taylor, for whatever reason that was needed. Troll PHO and gloat to all the people with ABB tags. No big deal for the one and only Gregster. The evening isn't over yet!

-

AN: It's been a long time. This chapter is getting long, so I'll cut it here. This has had a few revisions, so let me know if something just randomly appears mid-paragraph without it ever being mentioned before.

Spelling and grammar... I got about halfway down the document before losing the will to live and deciding to post. Feel free to point out whatever I missed, otherwise I'll come back tomorrow when I update the info sheets.

If anyone wants to know what I've been doing since last time – it involves FFXIV, the "Duty Failed" screen seared onto my monitor and a meteor-spamming Behemoth that just doesn't want to die. I see floor 180 when I close my eyes to go to sleep, and wake up the pain and misery of reclearing again. Oh, and Endwalker + Pathfinder: WoTR for the last two months was fun too – a solid few hundred hours of gaming there. Can't complain, I suppose.
Last edited: Apr 3, 2022
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Truebalance and 955 others
Tamzar
Dec 21, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Fourteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Apr 16, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,263
One of the advantages of my power is the exact same as one of the disadvantages. There is no preparation beforehand. No set-up required or even possible before attempting a challenge. While that came with the disadvantage of not being able to bring in tools or change the scenarios in advance, it did mean that only a single glance on my target was required to give it an honest attempt. Sure, a few challenges here and there did change location in response to where I was in real life – but usually, I would be dropped into the same situation in the same position against the same enemy.

This was my first time seeing Miss Militia in person. My first time laying eyes on Oni Lee. Yet, in theory, I could collect their powers for myself in what would seem like mere seconds in the real world. Optimistically, of course. It wasn't that common for me to win challenges in a single attempt, even though eventually that would become the norm for me as I grew in power. A fact supported by the fact that my little dance in real life with Oni Lee hadn't ended with my untimely death, even if he had the advantage – I was a real Cape opposing him, not some kid with a few party tricks.

I was being optimistic, of course. But even if I failed, I would be happy to expand my knowledge of the challenges facing me. These two powers were close to the top of my most-wanted list. A ranged attack and teleportation. If I could get Miss Militia's powerset at even a fraction of its strength I would be able to one-shot every non-brute in the bay from an ambush.

With my power's track record, I was already aware that I was probably overestimating the likely reward - but I had, sometimes, been pleasantly surprised by the utility of my rewards before. I could at least be confident that I would be no weaker after a victory, so I had nothing to lose making the attempt.

The only question was what order I should start in. Oni Lee's power would obviously help Miss Militia's challenge a lot, but could I hope to defeat Oni Lee in a fair fight, without Taylor coming to help? I wasn't sure about that. I could stall forever, but actually landing a killing blow would require an ambush and a suitable weapon, both of which would be difficult given his ability to instantly teleport away as I attack him. Any hope of just tiring him out would likely struggle thanks to the anti-stalling measures of the simulation improving his stats as the hours ticked on without any signs of combat or movement.

Miss Militia, on the other hand, should be significantly squishier – with the simple disadvantage that she had a massive range advantage on me and would likely have no qualms about being exceptionally lethal. Where Oni Lee and Triumph would likely enter melee range at least momentarily as part of their fighting styles, Miss Militia would snipe me from some distant rooftop before I even knew that she was there.

Triumph was here as well, but I was even less sure about how I would be able to defeat him - despite the growth I had made, I wasn't really any better suited to defeating a brute than before. Even if I claimed the first tier of Oni Lee and Miss Militia today, I doubted I would even come close to beating him. It was just a bad match up - even if he wasn't the strongest Cape around, I just didn't have anything that hit hard enough to win.

Well. Without any idea what I was in for, the order probably didn't matter that much. I mentally flip a coin, then settle my sights on Miss Militia.

Miss Militia

Heroine 1/6

(ZONE)​

Not the modifier I had expected, but not getting a GANG modifier was undeniably a good thing. But I'll have to actually get inside before getting my hopes too high. Sometimes challenges are way harder than they seem on paper. "Challenge."

My real-life view of the heroes erupts into white light, my body experiencing a brief moment of weightlessness before settling on solid tarmac once more.

To my left, ruined streets and half-demolished buildings. To my right, the main road lined with cracks and fissures – gaping holes and broken-down vehicles littering the street.

What was with my power and imagining some apocalyptic scenario as a backdrop for some of these challenges? I can't see my opponent from here, but that likely didn't mean much- I throw myself to the ground as my forcefield goes down, the sound of the bullet that hit it reaching me a moment later. That proves to be a mistake, a second bullet slamming into my leg as I fall and then a third narrowly whizzing over my shoulder. I shift into my shadow-state, taking advantage of the free-movement as a shadowy mass despite my actual leg being shredded. I dive behind a nearby car as temporary safety from the rain of bullets.

Not safe enough, apparently. The next bullet cleaves through the remnants of the chassis to hit me in the torso, eliciting a roar of pain and surprise from me. A split-second later, another bullet pierces my cover – this time far off to the side. She might not be able to see me, but I remember Miss Militia's power. If it isn't using some special ammunition, she doesn't need to waste time reloading – she just uses her power to switch to a gun with full ammo.

Which meant that she could just bring the biggest, nastiest sniper rifle she could find and fire it as fast as she could aim. The only thing stopping it from being something like a machine gun was probably the recoil and the ability to aim at this kind of range. I tear my hoodie off and over my head, eating another shot in the process – then I drape it between the car and myself, nailing it with Clockblocker's power before it can fall.

A full, perfect shield – for as long as I could refresh the time-lock on it. If she realised what I had done, she would probably be able to swap to some kind of missile or explosive weapon – but concealed by the car, she wouldn't be able to see exactly how I was surviving these shots.

Surviving… I look down at myself. Red, bloody puddles pooling at my feet. My vision swaying and doubling wherever I look. My clothes already ruined. The familiar, icy-cold feeling of shock settling in from the bloodloss of a half-dozen bullet wounds already. Perhaps surviving wasn't the right word, this time around. The clockblocked shield was a great idea, I just didn't think of it fast enough – didn't have the time to react when the challenge started with me already within her sights. My first instinct had been to make myself a smaller target to the shooter to buy a second or two to find cover between rounds, but the area I started in had no real cover close by and Miss Militia didn't need to reload anyway. Couldn't clockblock the car directly, it was too large to be affected by the weak version of his power that I have. My own clothing couldn't be used until it wasn't being worn by me anymore, the Manton effect in full force at this level – and taking the time to take it off gave her time to riddle me with bullets.

Belatedly, I realise that I've fallen onto one knee. I shift into my shadow-state and back. The healing factor of the power was weak, too weak to save me – but it does help to bring me back towards some semblance of lucidity.

"Greg." I murmur to myself. "Don't die for nothing." Don't die cowering behind a car, waiting for an unlucky bounce of a bullet to kill you – or for the hoodie to lose its temporal lock at just the wrong moment. That won't help me next time. I need to find out more about this challenge. Where do I need to go, what am I actually fighting – and what options could I try next time?

Don't wait for death just because it won't stick and I can try again. Go. I swap back to Glory Girl's forcefield. I need it as the active power for the cooldown on the shield to recharge, the hoodie briefly comes unpaused once – requiring me to re-freeze it before my head gets parted from my body by another lucky shot. Once the forcefield is back up, I swap to my shadow-state and rush to the side of the street as far as I can. The shadow state ends, and I'm forced to inelegantly hop on my uninjured leg for the last few steps – praying that the forcefield manages to block enough for me to make it into cover once more.

It does, and it doesn't. I stand facing the alleyway at the side of the road, not quite out of sight from where I assumed Miss Militia was shooting from. If I was another metre ahead, I would be safe – hidden in the alleyway, in another try I could have dashed straight over here and potentially slowly healed my injuries as I advanced through the buildings towards her. Unfortunately for me, that isn't possible. The heavy, dense feeling as my hand presses into what should be thin-air tells the story – about the importance of the modifier of this zone, the nature of the challenge and what I need to do to advance.

A ZONE wall. Ensuring that I couldn't leave the confines of the chosen battlefield. Miss Militia doesn't miss my now-prone body, I don't even feel the pain of impact before my field of vision briefly jerks to the side before normalising.

FAILURE​

I brush away the hint informing me about the ZONE mechanic. I didn't need to know, nor waste more attempts to even try to scout out the other walls of the ZONE. I could understand the scenario based only on the positioning of that one. A long, thin battlefield along the road. Miss Militia on one end, with all the firepower at her disposal – and me on the other, needing to close the distance and avoid the bullet-hell she sends my way. There was cover in the street, abandoned cars, fallen rubble and disused roadworks – but not enough to keep me truly safe. The direction of my approach would always be predictable, the challenge didn't allow me to flank or hide in a permanently safe spot – it was just a question of reaching her position before she kills me. No option to leave the road into an alleyway or neighbouring house, just a straight shot along to her position.

And there was a long way for me to go to reach that point. I hadn't spotted her, but I fully expected her to be at the end of the vast stretch of road I had seen in the challenge – the elevated city hall that was visible from so very, very far away on this particular road. She would always have sight of my movements so long as moving into the safety of the alleyways was out of reach, and at this distance I had only experienced a fraction of her arsenal. Perhaps a sniper rifle was all she could hit me with for now, but when I drew closer on my next attempt I would have to start contending with actual machine-gun fire, grenade launchers and who knows what else she would try to hit me with.

Not stacked in my favour at all. My action plan for the second round was clear to me already, dive to safety again – set up my clockblocked shield and then use the few seconds of safety to overcome the paralysis inflicted by my speedster power. I would be stuck in that power from then on, never having any time to survive the momentary freeze needed to exit the power – but hopefully the combination of being a small target and moving around faster than a car would let me close the distance despite the bullet storm. From there… well, I would have to try and work something out at that point. Perhaps I would be able to enter the building and take cover from there, or at least find somewhere to hide and shift back to normal.

It wasn't going to be easy, as fast as I was in that state, bullets were faster. I would be relying on her aim being unable to keep up with me, and that any attempts at wildly spraying fire down the road didn't hit me by pure chance. I didn't have Velocity's full power set – I wouldn't be able to roll with the bullets or try and mitigate their impact. Just as my attacks in that form were pitifully weak, attacks against me had a much greater impact if they actually made a solid connection despite my speed and improved ability to dodge. She would surely not have any real qualms about just bombarding the street with grenades and rockets if she felt it would be easier to hit me – I would need both strategy and a fair bit of luck to win.

But oddly, I felt somewhat optimistic about it. It didn't feel like an insurmountable challenge. No. The worst part about it was just going to be getting those second, third and fourth attempts. Even with a clear and logical path forward, my power didn't allow me to repeat failed challenges immediately. Where previously there was a challenge icon, now there was thirty minute countdown until I could attempt it again.

I didn't really want to try and get them to stick around for thirty minutes. I expected them to be gone in ten, and I was already thinking of how I was going to be dodging all of their questions or deflecting to something easier to talk about. Extending a conversation would naturally lead into my powers, which would obviously raise eyebrows back at the PRT. Nobody would fail to draw the connection between the different powersets I displayed and their original owners around the bay, all it would take was someone getting nervous about whether the Wards identities were exposed or someone to guess that I was an exponentially growing threat. It was a minor miracle that there were no real Masters or Strangers in the Bay – their mere existence would bump my threat rating dramatically once the supposed 'truth' of my powers came out.

Nor would they turn their body cameras off. They would have a file on me already. Analysts and perhaps a Thinker or two would look at the footage, trying to build a profile of my actions, personality and capabilities. With this costume on, limited exposure and my rather wild post history on PHO I had no doubt that most Thinkers would be thrown wildly off in their first assumptions about me – that I was a loudmouth and a braggart, a thrill-seeker with an ego to stroke rather than a legitimately dangerous threat.

Mostly because… that information was also true. Or was true, at least. I was self-aware enough to admit that. I've changed in a lot of ways over the last few weeks, but I'm still Greg at the end of the day. But I couldn't rely on the consistency behind my past actions to maintain my safety, the façade wouldn't last if I gave them reason to doubt that their assessments are wrong – even if that reason was something as innocuous as an extended interview or power testing the abilities they already knew I had. That wasn't to say that running away at every opportunity and acting like I had something to hide wouldn't cause much the same scrutiny, but that was the kind of awkward situation I was in. My best bet was to be non-suspicious for as long as possible, then, if it came to it, prevent any suspicions that did arise from being turned into facts or action. There was a time-limit for any consequences to happen to me – once I was Triumvirate, no, even Lung tier… I would be safe enough to avoid outright conflict without warning.

I shake my head to clear the lingering stars from my vision, taking in the sight of the real Miss Militia in front of me. She struck a less-imposing figure than I had expected from promotional posters and fanart, the presence of the slim pistol in her hand pointed at the ground notwithstanding. A combat specialist, yes. Dangerous from a distance and up-close, true. But I wasn't the Greg of old that only drooled over the possibilities behind manifesting firearms at will. Looking past the obvious weapon, I saw someone that I had beaten dozens of times in melee already.

Not literally, of course. But looking at her build, the complete lack of real protection on her head and neck along with my own knowledge that there was no Brute rating at all to speak of? If I somehow got into a grapple or a knife fight, I would win more often than not.

Boys are stronger than girls. I had gotten my ass kicked by girls enough to not underestimate them, so that statement couldn't be called arrogance or sexism. Even if she trained every day, I would likely win in a simple contest of strength or speed even now. I would have made a good fight out of it even a few months ago, before I ever got my powers. I might get manhandled the first few times, if only to learn what her usual grapples and manoeuvres are - but I'm confident that I would win in the end with the aid of more useful powers at melee range, knowing that her own power would be near useless with her arms locked up.

The only recourse for her would be... what, an explosive of some kind? That would hurt her more than me. A melee weapon only favoured my suite of powers and skillset more, a pistol or any other small weapon still needs to be aimed - difficult when I would know exactly what to expect and where it would appear.

"-oy?" I drift back to attention as she waves at me.

Right. Greg. Focus. Stop thinking about how badly you would crush her if she didn't start literal miles away from you. You're here to look awesome and leave without explaining anything. Get on that. "Sorry, a few of those grenades got a bit close. My ears will probably be ringing for a bit. What did you say?"

She doesn't look happy to hear that. I suspect she didn't approve of us jumping into a fight with a known mass murderer – the reminder of how close things were likely reinforcing her opinion. "I wanted to ask for a proper statement on what happened here? While we are, naturally, only to happy to receive Oni Lee into our custody – your testimony is extremely valuable when it comes to bringing him and his allies to account for his actions." She nods behind her, to scorch-marked roads and light embers smouldering from buildings that were thankfully already too ruined to catch fire in the explosive spree. "It also helps to avoid any wild accusations about your own actions, choosing to leave without a statement might open up members of the public to demand reparations for damage caused in the fight. You might not be worried about having to respond to that, but reputational damage can follow you for a long time as a Cape."

I glance over to Taylor, also being approached by Triumph. It was hard to say if it was a deliberate choice to separate us, but I was willing to assume that it was just well-practiced procedure and nothing personal at all. Two statements that weren't checked with each other are better than one rehearsed one, all the better to spot inconsistencies and gather the real truth for the PRT. "Sure, we don't mind filling you in. We'd better include Bug in the conversation though, I spent most of the time running from Oni Lee – she definitely has more knowledge of what other people were actually doing than me."

She nods amicably. Good. No special demands for a separate statement or concerns about us specifically, it made sense – no point being antagonistic to two likely candidates for the Wards.

"Hm- Oh, Void!" Taylor turns as we approach, an element of concern in her voice. "Triumph was just making a good point about Lung and how this might make us a target if it becomes common knowledge. Without any other witnesses, Lung is likely to just blame the PRT if nobody says anything. I know we didn't really plan on fighting any of the ABB capes, so maybe it would be a good thing if we just kept quiet for a bit? I'm not sure, what do you think?" Taylor is oddly babbly - clearly excited about the presence of the heroes.

I breathe in through my teeth sharply. "That's not possible. Sorry."

Miss Militia shifts uncomfortably. "I know this must seem like the PRT trying to steal your thunder and the bragging rights for taking down Oni Lee, but our concern about Lung is genuine. You were extremely fortunate that Lung was seen outside of Brockton Bay not long ago, if he was in the area you could both have died. He's an incredibly durable, powerful Cape that even the entirety of the local PRT would struggle to stop at his peak – certainly not in time to save you if he decided to seek you out." She reaches a hand up to tweak the position of her scarf. "It's inevitable that he will find out the truth eventually, but if it comes after a clash with the PRT or long after Oni Lee is moved to a secure position – you will at least have a chance to be a lot safer by then."

Triumph speaks up. "Joining a team for deterrence, for example. However annoyed Lung is, he won't try and kill a Ward – but he knows that he can probably get away with murdering a few independents without too many consequences coming his way. We won't just stand by and allow that to happen, of course, but there is only so much protection we can provide to unaffiliated strangers who we know nothing about. If he attacks you on a patrol halfway across the city, we might not reach you in time to help."

This time, Taylor shakes her head before I can say anything. "I'm still not sure on joining the Wards yet. I have a lot of respect for you, but I'm happy with how my partner and I are getting along so far. If we're worried about trouble, we'll keep the offer to join in mind – but for now, I think we'll face whatever comes out of this together." Aw. She didn't even need to ask for my opinion to know what it was. Confidence from Taylor, it was great to see. "We both knew what we were signing up for when we came out here, after all. It might have happened a little sooner than we would like, but we would never have ventured outside together if we were afraid of fighting other Capes."

Triumph shakes his head. "That's admirable. And I do, genuinely, respect that attitude. I think that's a fine feeling for budding heroes to have. But Lung isn't an ordinary Cape. The guy is a real monster, a thug by every definition of the word. Believe me when I say that I am not underestimating you when I say he would beat both of you with ease. He would beat me as well. Miss Militia too. He doesn't fight fair, he won't walk up to you and introduce himself before ramping up – the first you'll hear about him is when he crashes through a house wall, already three times your size before the first blow is traded." The concern is genuine, I think. His points aren't entirely wrong, either. "If you want to take credit later on, or when the subterfuge has passed its usefulness – we won't stop you. I just don't want to see an angry dragon man dropping the corpses of two promising heroes on the street as a warning to everyone else before you have time to reconsider your choice."

Taylor looks at me as I cough apologetically. "You do make some great points, but like I said. It isn't possible." I make a shushing gesture as they move to object. "Not because it was a bad idea, I can see the appeal of the rest of the ABB not hunting us down until Oni Lee and these other guys getting out and telling everyone – but I actually already posted on PHO about this while we were waiting for you guys."

There's a pregnant pause for a moment as all three faces turn towards me in disbelief. I pull my phone back out and turn the screen towards them in silent response.

PHO Mobile

Thread: Void Cowboy Appreciation Thread

Author: Void Cowboy

Displaying posts 201-220:

►DoomPoster (Cape Groupie)

> Be me. Depressed.

>Wake up

>Check PHO

>Void Cowboy is still a Cape

>Why even live?

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)

Hot off the press and live from the frontlines! Oni Lee, rolled and smoked by the deadly duo of Void Cowboy and Bug (temporary name). [PIC]

►OnlyHVAC

Reverse search finds nothing on that pic. Is that real?

►Ploxors

Knew there had to be a Cape fight going on somewhere – guess this was the reason I keep hearing explosions down the street. Some of us have pets, you know? Be more considerate.

►ShitpostsShallSaveUs

XxVoid_CowboyxX Don't just leave us hanging like that, give us the details! How did you find him? Let alone beat him? The people deserve to know!

►XxVoid_CowboyxX

ShitpostsShallSaveUs Just innocently minding our own business (our business being kicking gangster ass, obviously) when this loser rolls up out of nowhere. We offered him the chance to go our separate ways (would have felt bad beating the shit out of him if we didn't give him the chance to save some face). We beat him pretty easily, wasn't even that difficult really – which I think is incredibly funny.

Imagine grooming your reputation as a dangerous serial killer and ruthless gangster for years and years, then getting curbstomped by two new Capes out for a casual stroll in the middle of the night. Honestly, a bit cringe. I would probably just stay in prison out of embarrassment if I was him – imagine trying to explain yourself to the boss! "Oh, uh, boss there were a few bugs in the air and this kid half my age beat the snot out of me when I tried to ambush him." LOL.

►DoomPoster (Cape Groupie)

> Be me. Having a great day.

> Phone beeps. New update on PHO. Cape fight.

> Check results. Void Cowboy is still alive.

> Day ruined.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX

DoomPoster Hey, fuck you too man.

--

I scroll through a few comments for them as they peer at the small screen, not even reaching halfway through the page before pulling away. I think they can get the gist of the situation from that.

"I see." Triumph sighs. "Well. There goes that idea. I'll only ask that you be careful, perhaps stay away from ABB territory for a while. We don't really know why Lung left town, but our best guess is that he's taken the recent territory losses to the Empire hard and ran off to recruit some more manpower. We won't know until he comes back, but I'm sure you would rather not get ambushed by both Lung and an unexpected Cape or two as backup because you got too predictable."

"I appreciate the advice – but we do tend to be pretty sensible about these things, despite what this looks like." I glance at Oni Lee, cuffed but not yet taken away – they seem to be happy with my makeshift blindfold, evidently not having a super-special PRT-branded one in their vehicle to put on instead. "We usually scout out our attacks pretty extensively and avoid direct fights, Bug over here has great situational awareness, and most fights are over before they ever begin anyway. I don't think there's any real danger of someone finding and catching us without a Mover or Thinker rating to work with."

I was drip-feeding them some of Taylor's abilities here, but it isn't anything that she wouldn't have happily shared herself if I left her to it. She doesn't have an aversion to the heroes like I do, she just doesn't want the Wards to be like Winslow all over again. The heroes were all too happy to let me talk, and I get to keep my own details to a minimum – even if they were curious, I didn't think it was likely that they would push that much outside of power testing offers or a conflict scenario. Too likely to cause a discussion that might push someone away or hit a sore spot, I'm certain that their policy was to maintain constant, positive relations above all else – at least, until something happened to cause the gloves to come off.

Miss Militia shifts her weight onto one foot and back again. "I understand that you might be happy with those precautions, but please don't underestimate the danger that can come from blind luck. Neither of your costumes are entirely bulletproof, and none of the gangs would have any compunctions about killing you if given the slightest opportunity. Far too many vigilantes have lost their life to underestimating a thug with a concealed pistol or encountering a new enemy Cape on their first debut."

I can tell that she isn't particularly satisfied with the bland statement, I can't help but wonder what her true opinion is – outside of the PR-focused rhetoric she was spewing out now. Anger, at what she sees as an arrogant upstart? Protectiveness, towards a pair of potential Wards? Worry, at children and teenagers fighting murderous Capes so early in their lives? I didn't really know enough about her to say, heavily scripted interviews online or on TV meant nothing – some of those made Armsmaster look like a social wizard and Velocity like an actually competent hero.

Triumph takes over. "I don't expect you to sign up or make any hard decisions right now, but please keep it in mind as a possibility for the future. You don't have to commit fully. We have plenty of partnership opportunities to get closer with would-be-heroes – joint-patrols aren't terribly uncommon and serve as a great way to introduce yourself to the public and establish friendly relations with other heroes."

"I think we've been doing a pretty good job so far. I don't think the PR-stuff is going too badly, if you ask me." I spread my hands out wide. "I don't think anyone's really that worried about me potentially joining any gangs, which is probably the biggest worry about most independents." Joint patrols would, admittedly, be a good way to establish a consistent way to challenge the heroic side of the Bay. I just didn't know if the right move was to minimise my contact with the heroes, keeping a low profile in the process as I grew stronger – or just to maximise my challenges as much as possible, even if that meant more attention landing on me and the nature of my powers.

Miss Militia tucks one hand under her opposite shoulder, not agreeing or denying my statement. "It isn't just a matter of reputation or making connections. There's a lot of things to learn in joint training and patrols aside from that. I've seen the injury reports for cases where you've been involved, Void Cowboy. Your fighting style might be working for you, but some of the people you attacked had injuries that could easily have been much, much worse. You don't realise how close you could have been to killing some of those people, humans are far more fragile than you know – you only have to go too far once, and you'll accidentally kill someone."

I couldn't even defend myself from that. I knew all too well how close I was to killing people, how dangerous head injuries could be. I had dished enough kills out and been on the receiving end enough times to have a better idea of that than anyone else in the city. There was no luck involved, just more experience than she could ever have dreamed. I can't say that, nor even hint at it. My mess of a costume did a good job hiding any body language tells that they might want to look at, so I just stay silent as she preaches at me.

"How to properly arrest criminals, how to subdue them – their rights, your own rights." She ticks items off on her hands. "First-aid, common weapons found in the city and how to handle them. The likely Capes and factions you are likely to come up against. What to do in a Cape fight and how to handle it after you win or lose… these are all things you can't entirely master by reading a forum post off of PHO and considering yourself an expert."

I try my best not to wince at the call-out. Busted, but I would never admit it.

She holds a finger up in the air, not slowing down for a second. "I'll use this as an example. You captured Oni Lee, congratulations. But that forum post you made could have resulted in far worse consequences than just putting you in the spotlight. If Lung was around, you might have revealed the facts of the situation to him sooner than his own subordinates and had to fight him as he came to rescue his fellow Cape. Other members of the ABB might have seen the post, recognised the location and tried to come to the rescue – or even try to ambush the unsuspecting PRT troopers you called to pick them up. Neighbouring gangs might have seen the post, using it as their signal to pressure ABB territory now that it can't be defended so easily."

That was true. I probably hadn't really thought that through. My usual fights were consequence-free in every sense of the word, this was my first real-life Cape battle. As much as I had noted issues like Taylor's injuries remaining after the battle and the trail of destruction left behind, I hadn't considered that a round two might have started without warning after we cleared the area. Sure, Taylor would probably have noticed – but the point remained. "You're right." I concede the point diplomatically. "I could probably have held off on that for a few more minutes."

Her face, or what little of it that I could see, softens slightly. "I know you didn't mean anything bad by it, but those are the kind of small details that can cause a huge impact in your life. The rules and protocols we follow may seem boring and overbearing, but the ultimate aim is to protect you and make you into the best heroes that you can be. Nobody wants to see your career derailed because you didn't fully grasp your strength and hit someone a fraction too hard, or an unlucky bullet bounced the wrong way. We can help. We want to help. You've already said your position, so I won't pressure you any further – but please do think about it. Give us a call, either alone or together – we'll work something out that works for everyone."

I know that it's only PR talk, and I know that every PRT leaker under the sun has said that Miss Militia has a bit of a stick up her ass about rules and protocols – but the duality between faux-caring and consummate professional is really doing something for me. I'm not sure if it's just a desire to fuck the stick out of her ass, or just the appeal of Miss Militia becoming MILF Militia – but my mind has been in this rather predictable conversation for way too long and my attention span is beginning to drift wildly.

Focus. Greg. Triumph is speaking now.

"I'm… not as good as Miss Militia is when it comes to these things." The man shifts his weight. "But I'll at least echo the sentiment that I think what you've done here is a great sign of your character. I doubt you were ready for this fight, but even while you were fighting for your lives – you subdued everyone safely and non-lethally. It takes real courage to come out here without backup or support, going up against guns and villains for the sole purpose of trying to be a hero." He tosses a thumb over to Oni Lee as a squad of troopers surround the man, removing our temporary bindings with new ones of their own. "This is a heavy blow to the ABB, whatever happens next. The gangs will be out for blood now, no more underestimating you – I think you can do great things with the right support, and it really would be a pleasure to work with you towards that goal."

I remain non-plussed, but Taylor swallows the PR-approved speeches hook, line and sinker. Going purely off of what little I can see of her face and her body language, I think she's halfway to acquiring a mover rating by levitating off the ground in glee at the praise. Not that my cynicism would stop me from enjoying the pleasant words, I was always ready to have my ego stroked at any time. Indeed, regardless of the intentions behind the honeyed words – they weren't entirely wrong. Well, it would probably be a bad idea to tell Triumph that I had deliberately taken the fight into the warehouse to endanger Oni Lee's own guys if he pulled the grenades back out – knowing that either he would be labelled as the killer or he would have to resort to his knife.

Yeah, best to keep it quiet. I scratch the back of my head sheepishly. "You'll make me blush at this rate. Moving on, I guess you wanted to hear about how this all came about? It's a pretty simple story, so I'll keep it short-" Before Taylor can expand on it with unneeded details, not that there is anything compromising that she could really say. "-Bug and I were out on patrol, noticed a few people with guns walking in and around this warehouse. They were pretty obviously ABB, so we decided to raid them after making sure nobody else was around. We handled the actual gangsters pretty easily, but it turns out that Oni Lee was hiding inside when we attacked. He announced himself with his usual grenades. We split up so that we weren't just one target for him – he mainly focused on me, so we trapped him in the warehouse and turned the lights off. No teleportation if he can't see where he is going, fight over." I clap my hands once to conclude the tale.

Triumph nods. "That about lines up with what Bug was saying earlier to me, that was some quick thinking – though I can't help but worry what might have happened if this fight was just a few hours earlier." He glances over as Oni Lee is carried towards the van. "But the details aren't terribly important right now. The results are. I hope you change your mind about working with us soon, give it a chance at least." His hand claps down on my shoulder firmly with an approving noise from his throat. "I'd better go keep an eye on our prisoner now that he's in our custody. Policies, you understand how it is."

He splits off. I take the opportunity to back away as well. "It's been good to meet you. We'll think about what you've said. In return, you can try not to let Oni Lee out for as long as possible. Seems fair, right?"

"Void!" Taylor makes an apologetic gesture at Miss Militia as she steps away to follow me. "Don't be rude to the heroes! They aren't going to just let him go on a whim-"

"Not because they want to." I blandly agree, lining up my gaze on Oni Lee as he finally gets carted away. No way to delay it any more. "But this isn't the first time he's gotten caught, probably won't b the last. The local PRT is terrible at putting away criminals permanently. If you were to be generous, it's because they value the city not being on fire more than they value the idea of one-day taking out the current top gangs. If you weren't so nice about it, it's because they're too weak to stand up to a proper fight against the Empire or Lung so they don't even try – all but allowing the inevitable attack on the prison or transports to free them for the sake of avoiding a high-stakes conflict. Cops and robbers."

"There's no way that's true." Taylor flatly denies.

I shrug. I won't waste time arguing about it. As soon as Lung gets back, he'll attack the PRT holding cells – the heroes will try to capture him before he gets too big, fail to do so, back off and then he will walk off with his buddy like nothing ever happened. That will probably disillusion Taylor more than anything I could say. That wasn't to say that it was pointless. We got both combat experience and a solid reputation out of it. For my part, I got to challenge a few more Capes as well. Of course, I wanted to do heroic deeds for their own sake as well – I just didn't expect this victory to last unless Lung ended up in prison as well.

Enough stalling. If I waited any longer, Oni Lee would be out of sight entirely. My initial hope that whichever of the heroes responding to the call would have a power that would help against Oni Lee had been foiled, and I had delayed things this long only so that I didn't show any strange behaviour mid-conversation. Maybe it was over-precautious of me, but it didn't cost me anything. I roam my new targets challenge sheet.

Oni Lee

Villain (ABB) 1/6

(GANG)​

"Challenge." A GANG modifier. It seemed pretty common these days, but I was less bothered about it than I was – it didn't tend to mean Cape allies until later challenges, and I was strong enough that unpowered assistance was not quite as much of an obstacle as it used to be. Annoying, yes. Potentially dangerous, yes. Impossible, no.

My feet settle… on to an abandoned rooftop. Disused industrial sites, broken down vehicles and boarded-up buildings are all I can see around me – any hope of seeing a proper landmark to orientate myself foiled by larger buildings in the distance and the fact that it appeared to be right in the middle of the night. In busier parts of the city, that might not have been so obvious thanks to the lighting all around – but here, there were no houses or businesses to be found for a fair distance in any direction.

But clearly, the ABB were an exception to that. If the challenge was more realistic, or there was a WRLD modifier present – I'm certain that there would at least be enough traffic passing through to mask their presence. Without those added distractions, the patrolling gangsters roaming around the abandoned church just opposite the street were almost impossible to miss. Two at the entrance, a window with a too-deep shadow that moves as I patiently watch, a late arrival arriving via motorbike and entering through a side gate.

It seems like a simple enough scenario. The ABB had taken over this building, used it as a base of sorts. Oni Lee was somewhere inside, along with plenty of armed ABB gangsters to protect the area from would-be intruders.

The question here was two-fold: The first being the obvious 'How do I approach this set-up?' and the second being the no-less-relevant 'How do I kill Oni Lee?'. The presence of the ABB goons here might actually be a blessing. It was a guarantee that any guns that I stole from them would misfire in my hands against all the odds, but if they had any other useful tools – there would be no such restriction. Mines. Grenades. Tasers. Chemicals.

Then, the answer to both of my questions would be to sneak my way inside – neutralising every ABB member I find without raising the alarm or running into Oni Lee. Arm myself with anything that might kill the man if I landed a solid hit, then ambush him before he realised that I was there.

Fortunately, my starting point was covered in darkness, however vigilant the watchers might have been – they couldn't make out my figure staring back at them without some lucky headlight flashing my way from the street or something of the sort, the lack of street activity in the scenario working out in my favour again.

It's only by complete, blind fluke that I don't fail the scenario with my first real move. Instead of gliding across rooftops or using my speedster power to gain entry, I use my shadow-state to drop off of the back of the building – circling around after heading in the opposite direction of the target for a while. My original intention was simply to not be forced to cross the street as I approached, not knowing if any additional guards were looking out of the windows of other buildings. But when I finally circle around completely, approaching the neighbouring buildings' rooftops, I can spot the dark outline of a shadowy figure against the church steeple.

Oni Lee. Lurking on the rooftop rather that staying inside like a normal person. Due to the nature of my challenges and the current modifiers, I couldn't expect him to move without my input. If he had noticed me getting down from my starting spot, or if I had tried to approach from a less subtle angle he would easily have spotted me from his relatively concealed position and easily ambushed me.

The fact that I knew he was there was only somewhat helpful. It wasn't an easy place to attack or even reach, and even if I could now confirm that he wasn't inside – that didn't necessarily make my assault any easier. I still had to be as quiet as possible when taking down the guards.

Fifteen seconds after I ambush the first window-guard, ten seconds after the man flips me out of my chokehold into the wall, five seconds after Oni Lee's ugly mask appears in the window frame we were fighting in – the entire building erupts into a fiery explosion as a brace of grenades is detonated without a shred of regard for his guy inside.

With my plan literally up in flames, I decide to beat a hasty retreat. Thankfully, he can't afford to be anywhere near the explosion himself and I can survive the blast with my shadow-state – the temporary reprieve more than enough to activate my speed-state and escape the area before the smoke clears and the Cape returns for more.

In hindsight, I should have recognised the normies as more of a threat in this scenario. The fact that I wouldn't struggle that hard to eventually win in a 1v1 didn't mean anything if I required a silent takedown to actually win. I just didn't hit that hard, maybe against crackheads and civilians – but not so much against muscular thugs with biceps larger than their brains. I beat people in melee by a relentless beatdown fueled by cheating with space warping, my phasing ability and my echo.

On the plus side, I don't have to worry about attacking the base anymore. It's now milling with activity as Oni Lee searches rooftops around the nearby area, not realising exactly how much distance I put between us before he came back to check on me. With him running around in an ever-wider search, I would only have to contend with him when I was ready – and none of his allies would be at all close when that happened. I would show myself, and he would chase me. The end.

Which still left me with the issue of landing a killing blow. My power was unlikely to let me simply stumble across a weapons cache elsewhere – I've tried to raid the PRT before in an attempt to mirror my Clockblocker strategy, only to find their stores empty or the base locked down. No convenient weapons aside from those in the hands of the very alert gangsters I just ran from. If that was out, water had served me well before. Drowning had succeeded in a few of my wins, but the logistics of actually getting him underwater and keeping him there was probably too much to ask – especially given the likelihood that he could probably instantly teleport to the surface at a glance regardless of distance, preventing even that slight glimpse would be a struggle over the lengthy period of time we were both drowning and weakening together.

Then, instead of a slow death – a fast one. Gravity. A little more omnipresent – luring him to a high place would be trivial in this urban environment. But again, how to actually stop him from just teleporting away mid-fall? Controlling the environment to such an extent that he couldn't see anything at all was just too much to ask, even for Brockton Bay at night.

Or… perhaps I was approaching this backwards. As I had just seen a few minutes prior, the way to defeat Oni Lee was to block his vision. Originally, we just killed the lights and enclosed him with bugs and no way to get away from them – but he was already halfway to concealing his vision on his own, thanks to his ridiculous mask. I didn't fancy my chances at simply covering them with my hands and throwing us both off a cliff, if only because any slight movement or adjustment would let him escape – to say nothing about the absurdity of being able to close the distance without my speed-state being active.

But the idea… the idea was sound. It takes me all of ten minutes to break into a suitable store. Despite the logic behind it, my strategy here feels absurd – a bit like when I had first bested Taylor in my somewhat bug-proof fashion disaster. Tiny, cut-up squares of duct tape. Clinging on to the ends of my fingers and parts of my skin ready to be placed at any given moment. I would be in my speed-state, naturally. Even if my punches and attacks would do almost nothing, the ability to lightly place an extremely adhesive material to a surface… why, that would barely require any strength or mass at all.

I knew how fast I was in my speed-state. My reaction speeds were absurd, and I knew for a fact that I could keep even-pace with Oni Lee's straight-line speed if pushed to it. If I were to sit there trying to trade blows, I would bet that I could land twelve hits against absolutely anyone before they finished throwing their first – but that was meaningless if I was about as damaging as a weak, crippled fly. Even poking eyes didn't work that well. With this strategy, those first two punches would be blinding – using the mask itself as the surface rather than trying and failing to stick anything to a flinching or blinking eyelid.

And then I push him off a tall building and he dies. Easy.

Well. Not so easy. I would only get one shot, so I would have to make it perfect. "Hey!" I call out to the rooftops from my speed-state – a small, unimportant part of me wondering if my voice sounds high-pitched and shrill thanks to my speed-up. "Oni Leeeee!" I don't wait to see if he heard me, simply sprinting away and back through the ABB-controlled street as I continue to call out. "Leeeee! Where are youuuu!"

He was almost certainly following me now. I start to duck and weave a little bit at random, a strategy that works well to avoid the first badly-timed grenade that tries to block my path. I needed to work my way upwards, forcing him to follow me in a predictable way – at a height that was enough to be lethal. I make a few sharp turns through different alleyways, eventually spotting something that looked just right. A nice, tall office building with the external stairs of a fire-escape spiralling all the way up to the top.

Getting in and heading up is no issue at all aside from the initial flurry of grenades, for all that Oni Lee can skip ahead of me from the outset – the angles from within the staircase ensure that he can't keep doing that after the first time. He needs to see his target, after all – so once he skips ahead to the fifth floor, he can only see the staircases just above and below him. The others, naturally, blocking his line of sight with the stairs themselves. His tendency for grenades also comes to a slow stop, the area is confined enough that the explosions are somewhat dangerous to him as well – or otherwise ineffective as he tries to time them to hit me from several floors ahead.

So naturally, just like he did in real-life and in his guest appearances in previous challenges – he pulls out the knife. I make sure to dodge fully, landing an ineffective kick or two on the way past each of his failed swipes. This was actually a bit easier than the warehouse, even if I had less room to dodge and move – he had less angles to attack from. He was either ahead of me or behind me, usually alternating between the two whether he realised it or not. When I find myself with a solid moment of clear space, I go on the offense the instant he appears – angling towards him like a rocket, both hands lunging out towards him… and then kicking myself backwards off his chest without even looking.

The action might look like a mere blur to him, but I've seen his strategies a lot – even if this is supposed to be my first challenge against him. He's always behind you – if you're looking into his eyes, he's already moved. My hands lash out, the wildly flapping strips of tape on my fingers this whole time smear against the mask as they take hold and release their grip on my skin. I leap at him in turn, wrapping myself firmly around his head and shoulders, dropping my speed-state in the same instant.

He flails backwards in momentary panic, reaching hands up to try and shift me away ineffectually – at first trying to push my body away from his mask, perhaps not realising that it wasn't me that was blocking his vision. The smile is wiped off my face a moment later, the clone behind me isn't particularly smart or strategic – but it does know how to lunge with a knife. And, as much as I wish it were otherwise, I'm still in my speed-state for a few short moments until the transition wears off. The knife cleaves through my torso like a hot knife in butter, the attack magnified in potency in exactly the opposite way that my own attacks were diminished. Where most knives would neatly stab, this one nearly cleaves that part of my chest away – thankfully avoiding my spine to avoid paralysis or a more instantaneous kill.

But then my mass returns, his failure to properly peel away the tape over his masks eyeholes rendering his situational awareness and ability to respond down to almost nothing. I have more tools available to me than he does, here and now at least. I freeze the loosely gripped weapon of the clone that just stabbed me as it splutters off of my forcefield, using it as a tool to push off towards the railings – Vista's power to shrink the vertical air right next to the railing – acting as a boost to get above it even if I couldn't do anything to the railings themselves. He's already horrifically off-balance thanks to the sudden addition of my full-body weight on his head from nothing, so it's all too easy for me to drag both of us over the railings edge before he realises my intentions – too intent as he is on savaging me with his knife.

I know he probably can't hear me. All you can really hear in this kind of double-suicide freefall is rushing air. But I don't let that stop me. "Too-" I spit blood at him before I shift into my shadow-state at just the right moment, rematerializing at ground level to stand with a wild, slightly-deranged grin on my face. "-fucking easy!" My knees give out a moment later, my vision spinning as my body makes it clear that there is a hole in my torso far too large to tolerate – but that's a temporary inconvenience as the world vanishes in a flood of white and grey.

SUCCESS

Reward: Ashen Mimicry (1)​

I clear my head, trying to resist the urge to let out any hint of my new enthusiasm. Was it worth trying again? I wasn't expecting another power reward, but information was useful as its own prize…

Oni Lee

Villain (ABB) 2/6

(GANG)​

Same on all counts. Nothing new from this perspective. "Challenge." I let out the whisper hurriedly, not knowing when they would slam the door shut.

I raise an eyebrow as I look around. Same place, same target. Slightly brighter – I would describe it as late evening, rather than fully night. I turn again, to consider the church. To consider Oni Lee's masked visage three inches from my own face, a pulled grenade held tightly in his hand. "Oh, fuck-" My forcefield eats the entirety of the hit as it goes off. "-you!" I dive through the roof in my shadow-state, relying on the brief smoke and explosion to hide my escape.

It was hard to say if this detail was present in the previous challenge and I was just fortunate enough to pick a path where it didn't matter, but apparently there was an ABB guard looking out the window directly below my starting point. I loudly drop into an empty room, with no forcefield, no shadow-state, no chance of making the transition into the speed-state and one very angry Korean pointing his gun at me. I lunge towards him the moment we lock eyes, one hand outstretched and Vista's power already in use to shrink the gap – hoping to Clockblock the gun, or even the first bullet fired from the gun if I could get it stuck in the barrel.

He's faster on the trigger.

FAILURE

Hint: The GANG modifier will create themed allies of the target who will assist them in combat. Before attracting the attention of the target, these allies will often keep their usual behavioural patterns, morals and strategies concerning enemies until you engage the target openly. This does not apply under the ALRT, HUNT or TEAM modifiers.​

I tilt my head. TEAM? Another modifier I hadn't seen. It made sense that I hadn't seen everything yet, considering that almost all of what I could assume were high-difficulty challenges were still locked away from me pending my completion of the previous, easier versions.

Whatever. I let out a sigh as real life comes back into view. The scenario was only slightly different from what I could tell. It was brighter, making my starting spot unsafe – and perhaps resulting in more numerous or at least more dangerous ABB normies. There was nothing to say that the same strategy wouldn't work again if I just lured Oni Lee away again – I just needed to find the time required to transition into my speed-state first and get away from that initial attack.

Taylor quickens her steps to match pace next to me. "-really, he's a dangerous criminal! Maybe they've had some issues before, but I'm sure that they'll have fixed them by now." She reaches a hand over her shoulder to her back with a wince before continuing the conversation. "In fact, it's hard to imagine how it would even be possible. They could just get a teleporter in and take him out of the state before anyone noticed – none of the gangs have anyone that could do anything about that."

I take a moment to recall the conversation we were having before I started fighting Oni Lee. "Sure. If they were competent and fully determined to clean up the city, they could do that. They won't – but you are right in that there are plenty of options available to them."

"You don't know that. This is your first time arresting a Cape too, right?" There's a hint of uncertainty there, as if she wasn't entirely certain that I wasn't about to turn her perception of me upside down by claiming to be an industry veteran.

"Sure, but I keep track of these things pretty closely. Prison is a revolving door if you have enough powerful friends." Which didn't include us. One of the disadvantages of being a solo vigilante. Punishments would stick if the PRT wanted them to. "To be charitable about it, the PRT doesn't want blood on the streets and the Empire and ABB both tend to fight amongst themselves more than trying to rule the city. Having such a large concentration of force in the Bay that isn't aligned with the law makes it harder for nastier gangs like the Teeth to come crawling back again – and there's no guarantee even if the PRT did pull out all the stops, that they would even win a lengthy all-out battle with the Empire. Maybe if the Triumvirate came down, but that applies to a lot of places in America."

We turn a corner, unceremoniously leaving the sight of the PRT cleaning up behind us. Taylor clearly wants to argue about my assessment, but the only thing that both of us can do is wait to be proven right.

"We should probably call this the end of the patrol. That's more than enough to call today a success." I flex my shoulders, before idly pressing my fingers against my torso. No pain, or even phantom pain – but the more unusual injuries tended to stick with me for a while despite the reset after every challenge. A blade used against my speed-state, I hadn't anticipated that combination going so badly for me – I'd taken punches before, but they tended to just send me flying and hurt like hell rather than leave lasting damage. Based on this, I could probably assume that a bullet in a supposedly non-lethal area would cause devastating damage in that state. Not that I made a habit of letting bullets hit me, and anyone shooting real bullets would easily kill me without the speed-state anyway – just something to think about when considering risks in the future.

I wordlessly reach out and prod her bare cheek to hand out my current Othala powerset. Stamina, which turns into strength again. Not what I was looking for.

"Still nothing?" She sounds a little amused at my struggles with RNG. "Don't worry too much about it. I didn't get hit that badly, and you already got most of it."

That was true – but I didn't want to just leave it there. Whether it was for some sense of ego about getting a 'perfect' win against Oni Lee, irritation at the idea of my party leaving the fight at 90% hp without being healed up or just the fact that if I stalled Taylor for twenty minutes I could get another challenge in against her. I shake my head. "Screw that. I can get all of it easily enough." I glance around. "It's not like there's going to be an easy explanation if someone sees that kind of variety of wounds on you at school – people will assume you're being beaten by your parents or something."

Taylor shakes her head. "I'll make sure it doesn't come to that."

I raise an eyebrow delicately as she continues to walk on. It was tempting to accept her word at face value. I knew Taylor would power through regardless, it was never a question of her strength of character. She'd put on a grim face and tough it out, stubbornness and pride winning out over the easier options available to her. Just like with the Trio, I know she wanted to feel like she could do it alone – but there were people out there willing to help and listen. Not just teachers, but students as well. The parents would never have tolerated it if she had made a loud enough noise about naming the perpetrators. The gangs would have stepped in just to oppose Sophia on general principle if she had raised her voice enough to make her a named target.

She was fine. She would struggle along. Miserable and alone, but moving onwards anyway. She wanted help from one source – the 'correct' authorities to step in and fix things. Not the gangs. Not herself. Not me.

I muse on it for a while. Seconds stretching into minutes as we make the trek back to our starting point. There was an argument here about agency, about respecting who Taylor was and who she should be. Was a negative character trait something fundamental to her as a person, or a problem to be fixed? What did I think? What would my power do over time, based on what I thought?

What would I do, given my current position?

That last one was an easy one to answer, at least. As much as Taylor would grumble about help, all I had to do was be assertive enough about providing it. I could respect the attitude and the willpower behind the decision, while also being objective enough to say that it was a stupid decision and I knew better – therefore her opinion was overruled. Team leader's prerogative.

"Bug." I catch up with her. "Let's delay going back for a moment. Can you find us a nice, private spot where nobody can see or stumble across us?"

Her steady pace halts for a moment. "W-what for?"

"Do you really need to ask?" It wasn't like we had talked about anything else. Besides, even if the bullying had tapered off dramatically since my interactions with the Trio – I wouldn't ignore the possibility of an untimely shove or shoulder landing on an unattended bruise. To say nothing of what people would say in an actual changing room before whatever sports the female students were doing right now at Winslow. "Just trust me on this. You'll feel way better afterwards."

"R-right." I can't see her full expression behind the half-mask, but she obliges nonetheless. She breezes through the street for a few more minutes in silence, before pausing at the third alleyway we come across. "This should do." She decides. "Nobody moving around the street, no windows to see us, nobody inside the buildings on either side and I don't see any cameras either."

I duck in after her. "Works for me." I wiggle my fingers at her. "Now then. Let me get under that costume, we'd best get it done as soon as possible."

"W-we probably shouldn't-" Taylor shifts half-heartedly. "-b-but maybe just a little bit is fine if it's in the dark…"

I give her a strange look as she looks flustered. "Sure." I circle around behind her, considering her costume. "I don't know if you have any other plans as a heroine-" I step up behind her, one hand rising up to cover the side of her neck. A slowly-colouring bruise that I hadn't managed to handle completely before the heroes arrived. "-but if you intend to stay partnered with me for a while, it might be useful to change your costume plans up a little bit. Something with a bit more skin showing, or if that doesn't work for you – something that at least comes off a little bit easier than what you have now."

"I'm not- I'm a superhero!" Her voice sounds a little agitated and the feel of her pulse against my hand is far too fast – although the somewhat-frozen stance the rest of her body has taken runs counter to the idea that she's angry. I tilt my head to the side, my hand moving away from her now-unmarred neck as I peer at her in the dim light – trying to find another visible spot to heal. "I'm not going to- to dress up like a stripper in public!"

When did I ever say that? Although there was a certain appeal to the idea. "I never said that you had to do that. Although it would help in some ways, admittedly." I begin. "But there is a certain appeal to me being able to apply a full-power blessing to you at any time, without being diminished by going through your bugs. I need skin contact for that. To say nothing about how difficult doing this kind of thing would be if you were badly injured or unconscious." I didn't even fully understand how she got the suit on, let alone how to take it off. "I don't see anything else up here… you said you hit a wall, right? Open up the suit, take it from me – being stab-proof doesn't help protect you from crashing into things very fast."

There's a lengthy pause. "Oh." Taylor says eventually. "You were talking about injuries."

I frown. "Yeah? What did you think I was talking about?"

The newbie heroine stays suspiciously quiet. The silence stretches on for a moment as I recount the last few exchanges.

If I was to be fair, I did kind of let the conversation drop before randomly continuing again a few minutes later once my internal debate about independence and ethics concluded. It isn't entirely crazy to think that the two conversations were entirely unrelated. Unfortunately, I wasn't going to be fair.

"Pervert." I accuse simply.

She splutters. "What? No! I was- You were the one who-" She waves her hands and starts to deflect. "Let's just move on. You wanted to see my back, right? There's a flap here that covers the seal, then you undo this strap-"

I let her narrate the half-dozen steps it takes to turn the bodysuit into something that might be possible to get out of. I would certainly be sticking with hoodies and solid-looking jackets for now, at least until I picked up a tinker specialisation somewhere.

"-And then this just peels off easily, at least until I get around to finding some way to armour it." My attention snaps back to Taylor as a part of her costume comes away to reveal bare skin. She turns around to glare at me sullenly. "And this is all you get, by the way." Doubtless referring to her now uncovered back – the front of her suit still covering her front as she holds it tightly to her. "Even if you are oblivious to the fact, I am a girl and certainly won't be turning around for you."

I raise my hands in surrender. "Easy, easy! Here I am trying to be nice and fix you up before school, and you're practically hissing at me the entire way. Are you still mad about what I said earlier, about how you should have just ran off?"

"Of course I'm still mad about that." I was pretty sure that was a lie, and I had only just reminded her of it, but now she was doubly angry. "Even if you say it would be the right choice, I can't accept that. I want to be a hero. Not just someone looking out for themselves or trying to survive. If it was just about me, I wouldn't even have gone out on patrol once yet. What kind of hero would leave their teammate to die against a serial killer like that?"

I keep my words to myself, pressing a hand against her upper hip – I was pretty sure now that she had undersold how hard she got tossed into a wall, far too many budding bruises and red marks to account for a simple stumble. Oni Lee clearly hadn't stayed around to finish the job, likely just doing a carpet bomb of the alleyway Taylor was in before teleporting towards me as his primary target – not even seeing if the grenades hit or not. He wasn't omniscient, and I was pretty sure he didn't share vision with his clones either. Was it simple luck, or had she managed to us her bugs to adjust the paths of the clones and their grenades enough to save herself from the full blast? It didn't matter now, I guess.

The bruises probably extended further down her side and thighs, but I think that pushing Taylor to remove the bottom half of her suit would possibly be a step too far for her right now. Small steps.

She seems to take my silence as understanding. "I made my choice to come out here, with you. I think you would do the same as well, even if you don't want to admit it." Her voice takes on some imperceptible quality, a lighter tone that I can't quite place. "Even if you would sit there and say that you were the logical choice, or the only one who could outrun it – it would just be an excuse. You're a good person." She casts a glance over her shoulder at me. "So… don't call it a mistake. You've been looking out for me when you didn't have to. I want to help you too. We work well together – we aren't just two strangers that happen to be on patrol together, ready to sell the other out at a moments notice. We're more than that. Fr- Teammates. Partners."

I'm not really sure how to take that. If it was anyone other than Taylor, I would call them cringe for unironically saying something that sappy with a straight face – but coming from her it actually feels genuine, the awkwardness somehow part of the appeal. "I'll try and live up to that." I slide one hand upwards, smooth and undamaged skin left behind my touch. I couldn't discount the possibility that there were marks and bruises that would only show up later that I had missed, but even if Panacea's power was limited in range, it was highly effective.

"That does feel better." She concedes, one hand lightly pinching at the skin I left behind. "Though I can't say it doesn't feel weird to be- you know- in this situation."

"Situation?" I echo.

"Well, hiding in a side-alley with my costume open." She clutches the costume in question closer to her chest as she talks. "And letting a boy see me like this at all, let alone touch me. Even if it is for a perfectly logical reason, it just doesn't seem very… glamorous or heroic. If that makes sense. You hear all about the big Cape battles on the news and the celebrations afterwards, but you don't hear anything about things like this. It seems anticlimactic. Like Armsmaster having a flashy battle on the news, then sticking around for an hour after the fight to pick up screws that fell off his bike during the clash."

"Well, that wouldn't make for good TV – so it's no surprise they don't bother. Nobody wants to hear that the heroes all sat in an empty room for half a day running tests after meeting a new Cape with unknown powers – even if that is the most practical thing to do. And as for us doing this in particular, it isn't that weird. I'm not just any boy, after all. I'm Void Cowboy – hero extraordinaire and professional doctor." I tap my chest. "And never mind the perfectly good reason – you seemed all too happy to play along earlier, Miss 'It's fine if its in the dar-' Urk!" I spit out a fly that dives into my mouth mid-sentence. "Rude."

"It was an accident." The barefaced lie wouldn't fool a toddler, and she knows it. "And you have the wrong idea, I wasn't thinking of anything lewd. I was thinking of something else entirely."

"Strange. I never said that what I was thinking was lewd in the first pl-" I dodge another fly. "-ace, but I definitely believe you!" I rush out the sentence as an ominous swarm circles around me. Taylor definitely couldn't take teasing that well. It wasn't really her fault, of course – this was all very new to her. With two relationship boosts, I knew all too well that she was at least somewhat attracted to me. Perhaps not enough to make a real move on her own, but enough that if I wanted to push the issue – I probably could.

But I didn't really want to. I liked our interactions. I didn't feel any issues about blasting through the challenges of someone like Emma at whatever time was convenient to me, because even if she had some redeeming features – in the grand scheme of things, she was just a pretty face. Her value to me wasn't personal, it was almost entirely around the fact that she was attractive and that the eventual makeup-slash-hatefuck threesome with her and Taylor was going to be amazing. She was fun enough to be around at school, but utterly irrelevant to my ideal life once my powers have taken me to the logical endgame.

But, Sophia? Taylor? The eventual addition of the Dallon sisters? Tattletale? I wanted more than that. A deeper bond, something that was more than just sex and obedience. More than just a cumdump, individuals that would interact with me as their own selves – however twisted from the original they might be. And while that was all a way off, that path started early. If I pushed things here, turned teasing words into action just by moving my hands a little bit forward and up – I wouldn't be able to take it back. I was pretty sure I would get away with it even if she pulled away before things got too far, but we wouldn't be bantering cape-partners anymore – we would be fuckbuddies, every meeting escalating from the last. And that… would be a shame. I didn't want that, even if I wanted the prize at the end – it would take away from the satisfaction to break what we had built up to this point by grasping onto it too hard.

"I guess it's just my dirty mind then." I show mercy. "Last call to let me poke anything I missed, otherwise you're just going to stay sore until the next time we meet up." I zap her with Othala's power again. The slot rolls into pyrokinesis. "Especially because I don't have a reliable dummy to cycle these powers out on."

"I'll be fine." She assures me. "I feel way better now than I did before. I mean it."

"Nice. I hope you'll indulge me with a quick question then." I push myself to my feet as she closes the back of her suit again in an all-too-complex motion, straps, utility belt, rucksack… I won't deny that she's more prepared than I am. The skintight suit is impressively strong despite appearances – but it all looks like such a hassle to work with. It isn't something I could do. Way too organised. "So does all of that mean that mean that the next time my dear partner gets injured, they won't have any problems with telling me and letting me heal them? Instead of disrespecting me by thinking that I would rather them suffer alone for days than take three minutes out of my time to fix them up?"

"I-" Taylor wilts, clearly not happy about me wording that in such an unflattering way. "I think your mysterious partner will be sure to ask you for help next time, yes."

"Good to hear." I give her a genial smile, not that she can see much of my face from her angle. More importantly, Taylor's challenge cooldown was about to run out. I should probably tag that before we split up.

She shifts, one hand scratching her cheek awkwardly. "I really thought you were going to ask a different question." Taylor confesses.

"Oh?" I probe.

"I mean, you're a boy – I thought you would have been surprised about, you know." She waves at her back vaguely. I don't know. "The bra!" She says with exasperation as my blank look conveys its message. "Or lack of it, at least. Usually girls-" She breaks off with a pained look. "-forget it. If you weren't curious, it doesn't matter."

"Oh, no." I shake my head. "That one's obvious to me. There's just no need for it." That support and breathability was already built into the front of the costume directly. The undersuit was an all-in-one in that respect, not terribly different to going naked underneath a wetsuit. The padding in that area had been obvious to me from the start, if only because I was something of an expert when it came to knowing how big Taylor's chest should be.

The whole costume was genuinely impressive already. Even if her power generates the materials via bug-control, the sheer quality and functionality of the design was absurd for someone without any experience in that area of design. If the heroine thing didn't work out, she could probably give Parian a run for her money in terms of quality.

I blink, focusing on Taylor's stiff, sulking shoulders as she stomped away from me. "What's the matter?" I turn my head at the sound of buzzing, finding a host of buzzing insects hovering menacingly on either side of me. "Did I say something wrong?"

"Void. I take back everything nice I just said about you." Her voice calls out over her shoulder. "There's some things you just can't say to girls!"

I cup my hands around my mouth to call after her. "I didn't say anything!" I give a helpless shrug at the air. I didn't think I said anything odd anyway, although admittedly a solid half of my attention had been directed at the final few seconds of Taylor's remaining challenge cooldown.

This time… things would be a bit different. I had all the data I needed. A perfect circle around the city, and not only that – but I had proven that her range was a sphere- no, an oval, when it came to vertical reach. If I went to the far, far edge of her range, then climbed a ladder – she couldn't reach me. I could actually walk slightly inside her outwards range and remain safe – owing to the fact that the diagonal angle from the centre of Taylor's power was technically further than the straight line on the ground. For it to shrink inwards instead of expanding after climbing a single floor, I had confirmed something critical: Taylor was either on the ground floor or, more likely, below it.

I pull out my phone briefly, only to double check the marks I had left on the map. All of the data circled around one particular office block, no more than a minute of solid running from my starting position. Straight ahead, left through the alleyway and then look to the opposite side of the street on the right. I lock my gaze onto Taylor's retreating back as she resumes her strangely-offended, sulky silence. "Challenge."

This was a proof of concept run. I didn't need to win, just prove that Taylor was exactly where my experiments said that she was. I'd have time to work out a strategy another time, once I saw what her set-up and defensive situation was. And given that I had no need to keep the benefit of surprise, I opt to not use my speed-state. The moment of paralysis would be problematic when it came to actually entering the building, giving the bugs enough time to both cover me and fill the area I would usually try to escape into.

So I pull out my anti-Taylor trump card right away. A horde of bugs chitter and skitter around me, uselessly bouncing off Glory Girl's personal forcefield. It was incredibly effective, but Taylor would have a countermeasure soon enough – bugs carrying tools and knives from silken threads to drop and swing into me. They were slow and cumbersome, a messy method of attack – but even a glancing blow would be enough to drop the shield.

But she didn't have that ready at the start – or at least, I had only seen it when I had tried to abuse this forcefield to search the entire area in one go. It took a bit of time to recognise the power and set-up the counter, clearly. That left me plenty of time to head to the target building at a dead sprint, knowing that for all of her gathered armies – she couldn't actually stop me right now.

I leave the swarm behind me at the office door, using my shadow-state to go through instead – cutting the massed swarm into a steady trickle of reinforcements through cracks and gaps in the walls. This room, an overly-large reception area – clearly wasn't her base of operations. That meant I needed to head down, into a basement area of some kind.

I head into the elevator, hammering the only floor lower than the ground floor – B1. The button briefly flashes red before switching off. Not allowed, clearly – perhaps it needed some kind of key to allow that to be input. I remove my shoe, very deliberately – then phase the floor the moment Shadow Stalker's power returns. My momentum is killed swiftly and sharply as I freeze the shoe and use it to break my momentum – taking the breath out of my body with the harshness of the stop.

But it did work. I'm hanging over the void of the elevator, looking down at what should be the door I need. Vista's power to shrink the gap, a delicate swinging motion – and just a few seconds of waiting until my shadow-state returns… I drop from my improvised stepping stone, gliding through the door with ease and-

-and collapse to the ground screaming as every nerve in my body seems to catch fire. I barely hear the muted roar of a pistol breaking down my hastily-raised forcefield, and my only understanding of what actually happened comes from the brief moment of lucidity as the world fades away and the usual failure sign appears. Taylor, in her all-black suit. A gun in one hand, a bottle of some kind of pepper spray in the other. A mass of silken threads in the background and dangerous-looking spiders descending down on me as I fall.

FAILURE​

Which meant… what? What would even cause that interaction? I'd never felt anything quite like it, it seemed too radically different for a second-trigger. Or… no. Perhaps it was less about Taylor, and more about me. The spray. Regardless of how effective it might normally have been, perhaps it had a boosted effect against my shadow-state? The power usually shoved aside other matter, like the bugs – or just shoved me aside into an empty area if I tried phasing into a wall or another person. Did that rule not apply to aerosols? If it just treated it like any other gas, then I would regain my physical form with all sorts of nastiness inside my blood and skin.

Logically, there was no way that I was literally appearing with particles like that spread inside me – otherwise any usage of the power would end with vast amounts of oxygen bubbles in my blood and brain and who knows where else. It must be some interaction with how my body is reformed, like there is something left over that gets messily expelled by my power or messes with the sensitive electrical receptors in my body and nervous system.

Which meant that it probably worked on Sophia as well, which was good to know for the future.

Next time… I'd just have to keep away from that initial blast as I came through the door. I could fight through it if it wasn't for the power interaction. Maybe it would just be better to come through the ceiling instead, less predictable and there wasn't as much lighting up there as I had imagined.

Whatever. I had found her. Finally. The hard part was over. All I needed to do now was find a strategy to get here, close the gap before the gun gets any real value and then beat to death before the spiders get me. That wasn't too much harder than any other challenge I had done.

I let out a ragged sigh, ignoring the phantom taste of my own blood in my mouth. At least the spiders didn't really get anywhere this time. "Bug!" I call out. "I'll see you in a few days, right? We'll stick with the heroes advice, hit a different gang this time?"

She turns. "Obviously." I knew she couldn't stay mad at me for whatever her issue was. I'm too awesome for that. "I'll send you a message on PHO to let you know when I don't have anything else that I need to do for the night."

That was every night, Taylor. Don't try and pretend you have a busy social life to maintain. "I'll keep an eye out." I promise. "See you soon, try and think of a proper name while you wait!"

Her body language gives off a pained expression. Clearly, she's been struggling with that issue for a while now. "I'll try. See you around."

I let out a merry whistle as we split up. Our next patrol would probably take a while to get organised, which gave me some time to play with. The Protectorate had been terribly quiet recently, and their patrols were secret and unannounced enough that it was too hard for me to get across the city in time to spot them once the news spotted them in the Boardwalk or elsewhere. The Empire's capes were firmly holed up in the middle of their territory, not making aggressive moves into ABB territory quite yet – although that was certain to change.

So perhaps it was time to investigate a target that wasn't going anywhere at all. Faultline's crew had been spotted in Boston recently, so they might be returning soon enough – but there was one Cape in particular that was both easy to find and not at all suspicious to interact with.

PHO Mobile

New message from: ParianDesigns

That time works for me as well. I'll reserve the slot and we can discuss your requirements in more detail face-to-face. I can't start the work until you bring the deposit, so please make sure to bring it via the approved payment methods on my site.

… I was going to have to loot some more criminal dens and drug dealers over the next few days. I needed the cash to actually pay for this job – my savings were nowhere near enough, even for the deposit alone. But that was fine. What else was I even spending my money on? A proper costume would pay for itself, even if I couldn't take it into the challenges.

But that was a task for tomorrow. I stop in the middle of the street. For now… I select my newest power and watch flakes of ash rush away from my body to form an ashen clone in front of me – slightly eroding over time as ash streams away into the wind. I consider the thrum of the power still awaiting my input. It was staying active, perfectly still as it waited for a command. It hangs there for ten seconds, then twenty – until it became apparent that it wasn't going anywhere until the wind wore away enough of the ash to break its form.

I push a thought at it. It raises a hand into the air, fingers spread wide and palm straight – meeting my own in a high-five. A solid connection, despite the material he was clearly made from. Then he erupts into a black cloud that rapidly fades into nothing.

Not a true clone of Oni Lee's ability. No teleportation, nor was it a flesh-and-blood clone like his. Mine was a mass of ash in a mockery of my form, given one single, basic task to do before destroying itself. No clear time-limit, but a lengthy cooldown given its apparent simplicity.

I wait out thirty seconds before summoning it again, immediately attacking it as it forms - dissipating it immediately. Weak defensively, as I had imagined. It seemed solid enough for a single hit on the offense, but that was all. The power lights up in my head immediately as the thought crosses my mind, the cooldown already expiring.

"The cooldown is the same as the amount of time I had it up." I conclude. If it's active for a second, it comes back almost right away. If I had it up for thirty minutes before it completed its task, I'd best hope I wouldn't need it again in the fight. Interesting. And it opened up the possibility of using it in my close-combat battles in combination with Echo, rather than as a one-off strategic tool.

I'd need to test it in battle properly… but progress was progress. It was a shame that the power wasn't actual teleportation, which had been my most desired aspect of his power – but this would do for now. I couldn't be upset with the days work, even without the knowledge and experience gained both in real life and in the other challenges I had faced – an extra power was nothing to be scoffed at.

To say nothing about the conniptions PHO was now going through at my success against Oni Lee. That was my real next task – to brag and gloat all across PHO until I got temp-banned again.

Trolling the internet is the real endgame here. Best get started.

--

AN: I don't think I ever updated the challenge sheet from the last update. I read through it when writing this chapter and I was all "Nope, that's wrong. That's missing a power. That challenge has a typo. Wrong. Outdated." I'll have to give it a proper look over for real this time. Not right now though, I'll do it later with a fresh set of eyes.

Still working on updating my quest into a story, that's probably the next thing to come out even if I just start posting it one arc at a time – it's just taking a while because the start is so messy and incoherent compared to what I write now. I'm also a Necromancer in FF14 now. Lone Hero coming up the moment I can muster up the willpower to ever look at a deep dungeon again.
Last edited: Apr 17, 2022
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Truebalance and 939 others
Tamzar
Apr 16, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Fifteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Nov 16, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,355
-bugs surround me, biting into skin and striking at every exposed orifice they could find. I had miscalculated here, just dodging Taylor's hits wasn't enough, simply attacking her would cause my forcefield to drop – and dropping it for tiny fractions of a second between punches left me exactly like Glory Girl in the bank challenge, with hundreds of bugs slipping through to the wrong side of the shield as it comes back up. My expectations from my initial adjustment - namely, concealing Shadow Stalker's power until the very last second - had gone perfectly. I had phased through the door with no pepper spray awaiting me this time. It worked well, caught her completely off-guard. Getting to the position I was in now, a physical grapple against a weaker opponent - was nearly a guaranteed win in my experience.

Nearly. Unfortunately, I had overlooked one crucial aspect. Armour. Now, I was used to being fucked over by costumes in these challenges - so this was nothing particularly new, but what was new was getting a real look at exactly how effective Taylor's suit was. Usually, a few solid blows to the head and a few slams into the ground were enough to take someone out - but even if her physical struggling slowed and notably weakened, she didn't die. She didn't go unconscious - merely briefly dazed from the impacts.

I, on the other hand, was starting to suffer. For all that I was dominant in pure physicality between us, her bugs closed that gap and then some. Even if she was struggling to match me blow for blow, her bugs didn't share that desperation. They methodically cover me from head to toe, blinding and pouring into every orifice they can find - forcing me to repeatedly cycle through powers to stop them from just killing me right away. Shadow Stalker into Glory Girl, but I can't afford to keep Glory Girl's shield up when we next trade blows or I'll never have it again for the fight. Back into the Ash Clone and spamming Echo to copy my blows to her head and chest - but it's never enough for a finishing blow. The armour is too solid, the helmet attached by some mechanism I can't fiddle with mid-fight nor dislodge by pure force.

This wasn't the nervous, amateur Taylor I was used to patrolling with, that had evidently adjusted her costume plans to appear at least somewhat more appealing and less villainous - there was no exposed skin to strike at, no soft underbelly or even a strap to manipulate. Even so, it wasn't really enough to pose a significant barrier to me - it's only natural that in a contest of strength, the one at the mercy of the other would eventually lose even if they did have better armour. I was just faced with the realisation that I didn't have the time.

I loosen my grip on Taylor, allowing her to get her arm back and retrieve her fallen gun - already being taken towards her by dozens of bugs tugging it by string. I wasn't going to kill her in time before her bugs killed me, unfortunately. Better to save myself the feeling of a rather terrible death than waste time trying to make the impossible happen. The pistol angles back at me, locking dead-centre with my forehead before firing.

FAILURE​

I grimace, but can't quite hide the pleased hum of excitement that courses through me at the feeling of making progress. That was a good plan. A really good plan. Taylor's information was entirely limited to what I showed on the approach to the building and the elevator, so not using my shadow-state at all until the final entry into the room meant that she didn't have the pepper spray out and ready. Unfortunately, even closing the gap as effectively as I did wasn't quite enough – not when there were so many of her bugs in the room, using enough tricks that it was almost a physical presence holding me back with strings and sheer mass, even while the rest did their best to kill me.

But the approach was sound, at least. And the reason I had lost this time was due to the bugs – a solution I had already 'fixed' in the very first challenge. There was no ZONE modifier, I could leave – dress myself in the most fashionable armour that I could whip together from the nearest store and repeat exactly what I just did. I would only be showing off the speed-state as I left the area, and so long as I made it to Taylor without revealing my shadow state in advance – she wouldn't have the spray ready.

Doubtless, the lack of free movement would be more of an issue with that kind of haphazard armour - but if I sacrificed Glory Girl's shield or just took a few glancing blows from bullets, I would probably be just fine in the end. With enough layers of protection, I would never need to phase away except perhaps to scatter the increasing amounts of string tugging me around - and if I didn't need to do that, then I was free to beat her helmet again and again until the curves went inwards instead of out. Trying to break limbs wasn't the solution, I had definitely done something permanent to her leg this time around - but neither she nor her bugs had been fazed by the loss.

I just needed to try again later, grab some protective gear and go straight for the kill. And while punches weren't my favourite weapon - it seemed at least more likely to succeed than some flimsy knife against solid armour plates and a spider silk bodysuit, even ignoring how effective I expected the bugs to be at restricting any item I tried to get into the room with me.

I clear my vision as I refocus on the class. World History was always a dull one, never going into the actually interesting parts and always going on about useless things, like the Agricultural revolution and its effect on transforming society. Thankfully, I had plenty of good targets here to break up the monotony. Waste a minute or two listening to the teacher droning on, then let my eyes roam over the class to find a suitable target – the habit was probably a bad one to keep up, and I had deliberately started failing my challenges after realising that clearing the first and second rounds of most of my classmates was making me... not quite popular, but certainly close enough to it that my paranoia was getting the best of me. Becoming the most popular kid in school was cool, of course - but with all the other risks I was taking and all of the things that could go wrong for me, I'd be damned if the thing that sunk me was my ego getting to me at school and risking myself for no real reward.

Patience. That was the name of the game here. My power was... rational, in the changes it made. Somewhat. If I provided a ready, easy explanation for them to be close to me - it wouldn't do anything drastic or obvious. The path of least resistance, or perhaps the least effort expended. The mechanics of it were beyond me for now, it would take some serious experimentation by a Thinker or Tinker power to work out how my power was doing what it did. It was a powerful tool, one that was honestly the only way I could ever keep allies by my side in the long term, but it was dangerous as well.

Dangerous, because I was still weak. Oh, sure - I towered over most normal humans by now. And given a dozen attempts, I could clear the first challenge or two of most Cape's that I ran across - so long as I had the time and ability to find them to get those challenges done.

But I wouldn't have a dozen chances in real life. Armsmaster wouldn't let me apologise and come back later, only to challenge him again when I was sure I could win. I wouldn't be able to pick myself up with a sour expression after a furious Glory Girl kicks my skull open in one blow, or Taylor devours me alive, or Oni Lee ambushes me with a suicide attack.

One chance. One life.

Which was why I had to make the most of it. And take all the chances to get stronger safely that I could get. I let my eyes settle on Sophia, two rows up from me and one across - glaring daggers into the teacher's back as she leans her chin heavily on one arm, looking just as bored as I am.

Sorry, Sophia. One-person trip. You'll have to stay miserable. Thank you for your sacrifice. "Challenge."

I idly stretch as I saunter into our agreed meeting point. "Ready to get beaten up?" I throw the question out into the darkness.

"Isn't that my line?" Sophia - or perhaps I should refer to this figure as Shadow Stalker - doesn't take long to appear.

"I wouldn't say so." I reply, a hint of seriousness hidden in the playful tone. "When you think of how unfair this fight should be, don't you think they should be a little more one-sided in your favour?" I duck under the first punch to come at me, Sophia liked to switch her attacks up – but her fighting style never changed. Taunts led to an immediate punch or kick. She always sought to catch me in a headlock or armbar – evidently aware that a match of strength and endurance worked in my favour. And, critically, she only used her powers to reposition – to fully defend or fully commit to an attack.

Like I had seen with Taylor, there seemed to be some progression in the challenges – the modern Shadow Stalker, the one that had been a Ward for some time now, was well used to letting attacks pass through herself harmlessly while simultaneously lashing out herself. Partial transformations were a part of her repertoire, like phasing out only a part of her arm behind the punch or letting a kick float harmlessly through her chest without fully phasing – on one occasion, I had seen a video of her punching through someone's tight guard by precisely bringing her arm back to the physical world only after each part of it had gone past her opponent's limbs. It looked impressive in slow motion, and I was intensely curious about how difficult it was to master.

Presumably, the answer was 'very'.

Because this Shadow Stalker couldn't do it.

The vigilante version that got caught by Armsmaster before her induction to the Wards program. Oh, she had the capability – but the few times that I had seen her pull it off were when she was caught by surprise and panicked, rather than a deliberate plan executed mid-fight. She didn't even seem to realise she did it, I wasn't sure if that lack of insight into her own capabilities and growth potential was a deliberate restriction of her capabilities in this challenge or it truly was something that slipped her mind. She only learned it in real life after joining the PRT and going through power-testing, after all.

That isn't to say that she's an easy fight. Quite the opposite, in fact. With my first battle against Sophia, I at least had plenty of electronics around to mitigate her ability once I found her weakness. This time, I had no such luck – and she was far, far more cautious about getting near walls, gadgets or anything that looked potentially electronic. And without that? I couldn't win. Knocking her out in a single blow was, in theory, the best I could do – but even when I did land hits on her, none were decisive enough to knock her out without her shifting into her shadow state and creating distance. I meet her punch with my own - meeting nothing but air as she phases directly through me, only for her to reappear directly in the path of a spinning backhand that slams against her helmet.

She matched the attack with a solid kick to my chest, but as I shake my pained, ringing hand protesting about my choice of targets - I'll call it worth it. I roll away from a spinning kick that attempts to decapitate me, catching the follow-up leg as she attempts to stomp down on me – prompting another explosion into shadow as she reforms a metre away, looking supremely confident. "Bold words for someone who can't seem to stop losing." She taunts me back.

"It's true, after limiting myself this much I can't seem to get a decisive win." I sigh loudly. "Not that I think you should be happy about barely scrapping out victories against a guy with the Cape equivalent of a blindfold and handcuffs on. Doesn't this hurt your ego?"

Her expression goes flat. "This is pity, nothing more. In a real fight you would be dead at the entrance." Another attack incoming. I don't fully dodge the punch, but she doesn't notice my leg lashing out at her ankle until I've already made contact. We scatter again, I wasn't so fortunate as to break her ankle – but she didn't look happy about the landed blow. It was happening more often than ever, and she knew it better than anyone.

"Another hit. One side using powers, one side using none." I adopt a sing-song tone as she blurs into a wall of shadow. I crouch and bring my guard up, sidling backwards slowly - knowing that there was nothing to do against this but grit my teeth and block. Her attack could come from any angle while in that state, the ability to reform her body in any position with the cloud enabling her to punish any move that wasn't explicitly defensive in nature. "But don't get me wrong, I'm grate-" My arm screams at me as I swing them down to block the spinning kick aimed at the side of my torso. "-ful!"

"As you should be." Sophia ambles backwards, letting me recover - very obviously not concerned about any followup charge coming from me. "You aren't strong enough to match what Armsmaster did, after all. The illusion that you are even close to winning is a gift on my part. Happy birthday, or something." So she does know how this scenario went? Or should have gone? Interesting.

"A few months out." I drawl. She shrugs carelessly. "But no, I'm grateful. Without these little sessions, I don't think I'd have become even half as good in an unarmed fight as I am now. I was just some nerdy guy, getting by with brute-strength and surprise attacks, sometimes a lucky weapon that I found. I didn't really tend to win fights because I was just better - but that changed when I met you." The hockey mask hides her expression, but I like to imagine that behind it - a rare, bashful expression appeared on her face. Wishful thinking, probably. Especially when I was just about to ruin it. "Just look at me now, genuinely better than Sophia Hess. What a change, am I right?"

A beat.

Two beats.

"What." The voice is almost dangerously flat.

I grin. "Well. It's a bit of a given, isn't it? No different from what I've been saying for the last few minutes at all, though I'll forgive you for not picking up on it earlier - I know you aren't the wordy-sort." I gesture at her helmet, as if to draw her attention to the fact that I did manage to tag her face not even a full minute ago. "If we're evenly matched with you using your power and me using none, then you don't need any fancy algebra to realise that I'm better than you when you don't have your power."

"We are - not - equals." Sophia stresses, already prowling towards me with murderous intent. I match her approach, a mocking smile on my lips. It wouldn't last, of course. I wasn't quite that delusional - but there was a hint of truth to my words. I was getting better, and she... wasn't. Oh, she had picked up some tricks - gotten used to predicting me in some ways, worked out how I liked to dodge in response to certain attacks but she wasn't becoming a better fighter. She wasn't improving her power, her skills or her reactions - she was just... remembering what I did. Even if she was still better, the gap was shrinking. Had shrunk - to the point where if she stopped using her power completely, I would probably win at least three in every ten bouts. Not that she would ever willingly do that.

This insight into the CONT modifier was useful. It might reveal my past strategies to them, but that didn't mean that they were guaranteed to be able to adjust for it. While I didn't know exactly how my power worked, if I imagined it in terms of fighting a bot in a video game - the bot might be aware that I like to do the equivalent of spamming jump attacks and guard accordingly, but it's still programmed at the same difficulty that it started with. It responded to my moves better than the original over time, but it wasn't actually improving underneath.

Some small semblance of hope for the Armsmaster challenge, at least. But no time to think about that now. True to her usual form - Sophia responds to my taunts with immediate violence.

I backstep to handle the first haymaker that comes my way, lashing out with a light jab only for her to erupt into smoke and throw out an exact copy of her first attack a moment later. I duck towards her, gripping her leg and twisting to knock her off balance- then rolling away as she slips through me like air again, narrowly failing to catch me in a headlock but still managing to wrap her fingers around my shirt before I can fully slip away. I'm bodily slammed back into the ground, the base of her other palm rushing towards my nose as she makes an attempt to pin me down completely. I can't dodge the hit entirely, simply making an attempt at moving my head to turn it into a jarring, glancing blow is the best I can do - but even that slight movement is all she needs to wrap her legs around me in the beginnings of a submission hold.

I don't even try to contest it. She's pretty good at these, and she gets sulky if I give into my instincts to phase out of her grip - shooting me with arrows from the darkness on my next attempts until she decides to forgive me. Instead, I shift my entire body to try and grip the arm she had just attacked me with - not quite able to get a firm grip from this angle, but enough to get the unguarded side of her arm just in front of my face. Amateur hour for costume design - I could relate. The armour and padding were good on her costume, but only present on her torso and outer side of the limbs. The inner arm? Thighs? Hips? All viable targets that would only be safeguarded properly when she joined the PRT and had a redesign.

I chomp down. A pained, slightly bewildered scream cuts off almost instantly as the vice-grip she has on me disappears in a flash - the cloud of smoke retreating momentarily before doubling back towards me at a sprint. I actually manage to catch the boot seeking to make contact with my face, yanking her other leg away a half-second later to send her toppling towards the ground. It's a fast movement, and I'm certain she wasn't ready for me to react from this vulnerable position - her face is mere inches from a nasty impact with the street, when she collapses once more into a pile of smoke that almost immediately resolves back into a standing position - this time with her boot on my neck as the sound of angry panting fills the street once more.

"I win." She breathes out heavily. "Again."

I tentatively test the pressure against my throat. She presses down in warning. Yep. No chance to get out of this one. I raise my hands in surrender. "I yield, truly - I am no match for you."

"Shut it." She snaps, as usual, not in the mood for pleasantries, sarcasm or anything inbetween. "Not in the mood to hear more of the crap that drivels out of your mouth. Especially after that cheap move." She inspects her arm with a scowl. "What the fuck, Greg?"

I don't think I'll ever get used to the fact that all of my simulations have my apparent canonical superhero name as 'Greg'. Not being called 'Veder' or 'You!' almost feels strange out of her mouth. "You can hardly complain about me using every tool that I'm left with. Haven't I handicapped myself enough for your benefit without restricting my body as well?"

That would rankle her. She was trying to act unbothered, but I knew our arrangement was living in her head rent-free. Her power was drastically ill-suited to her personality. A defensive power suited to ambush tactics, repositioning and stealth - stuck on someone preaching about the survival of the fittest and the rule of the jungle. She'd be thrilled to have a more directly combat-oriented power, I'm certain - even if her current one was clearly excellently suited to actually winning in these pure melee 1v1 matchups.

I wiggle my eyebrows. "Although, if you are still annoyed - we could always even the score. You're welcome to bite me too, people pay for that sort-urk!" She pressures down on my neck needlessly hard.

"Not listening." She shakes her head. "It doesn't matter. You'll never beat me with a move like that anyway-" As expected, she was going to stubbornly ignore the fact that the strategy resulted in her completely abandoning an easy victory via her chokehold. The fact that she won anyway was irrelevant. These fights were closer now. Longer. She probably realised that too. "-so just do what you like. You aren't entirely wrong with your words, you have improved... marginally. It's slightly more entertaining beating you into a pulp than killing Nazis, so I'll let this go on despite your attitude problems."

She pushes me away with her foot, I shove myself back to my feet as she takes her usual stance. "My attitude problems? It seems to me like you're just salty that every word I'm saying is the truth! There's no shame in it, you know! Boys are generally stronger than girls-" This time, I don't manage to block the opening kick well. My limbs scream in protest as one arm droops uselessly to my side - protesting even the slightest attempt at movement. "-isn't it rude to attack while someone is talking?" I protest half-heartedly, throwing out a kick of my own to gain space. "And what about attacking a crippled opponent? Where's your sense of honour?"

Sophia actually pauses at that. "I might be more inclined to help if you stopped talking once in a while." She sighs. "Come here." She holds her hand out, gesturing at my dislocated arm. I don't move. "Come here!" She snaps.

Begrudgingly, I inch towards her. One step, two steps. When no aggressive action comes - I allow her close enough to touch me. Sportsmanship? From Sophia in a fight?

Not a chance. "Idiot." She places both hands on my bad arm, then immediately converts it into an attempt to twist me into an armbar once more. I twist the other way, a mad grin in my eyes as my arm makes an obscene, noise in response to the motion - the flash of pain turning into blank nothingness despite still being attached. Briefly painful at the time, but nothing compared to many of my deaths to date.

Her momentary hesitation and disbelief at my self-mutilation is all I need. I lash out with my foot before my brain can properly comprehend the signals its receiving. A full swing, with a perfect connection to my target. Shadow Stalker's power had a near-automatic response to certain levels of damage - but not pain.

I sink to the floor, not even glancing at whatever the hell I just did to my arm. "Suffer with me." I roll over, taking in the sight of Sophia, backtracked almost a dozen-steps away - half-curled over in agony as she covers her crotch with a silent, pained gasp. "Heard-" My head spins briefly. "Heard a girl once say to their boyfriend-" Despite her pain, she never takes her eyes off of me. If looks could kill... "-that girls felt that kind of pain too if they get hit right. Still don't really believe that it can compare to a shot at the balls-" I roll myself onto my back. Can't push myself up anymore. Don't even want to. My arm was not supposed to be facing this way. Looked painful, but the ominous lack of any feeling meant nothing to me right now. "-but I guess there was a smidgen of truth in there somewhere."

"I'm-" Sophia stomps to her feet. Or, tries to stomp. The slight bow-legged shudder at her knees and somewhat squeaky voice ruin the effect. "-going to fucking murder you. I hope you know that."

"That's the spirit." I gasp. "Only-" Lots of stars in the sky tonight. Fairly sure that I'm about to lose consciousness anyway, but it's worth struggling on for a few seconds just to get one last jab in to ruin her day. Or, whatever passed as a day in here. "Only one issue with that."

She's wary approaching me this time, inching closer as if I might bite. Which is a fair description, given recent events. "What is it?"

"Times up." I grin as the EVNT timer hits zero. A furious scream of rage tears out of her throat - before everything dissolves into white and grey.

FAILURE​

I idly flex my fixed arm a few times as the failure notice fades away. Maybe it was a little petty of me, but it was always worth a bit of temporary pain to knock Sophia down a peg or two. Perhaps not the most practical move in a real fight, or even in a challenge - but at the end of the day... I scored some really nice hits on her in that session. The old Greg couldn't have done that. Sure, I lost again - but that was expected. I was handicapped to not using any of my gathered powers going in, that was the deal for her to ignore the scenario and just brawl with me - because I certainly didn't possess any means of actually locking her down and capturing her. May as well get at least some value out of the challenge, right?

Especially because nobody said I had to be entirely honest with her. My version of Victor's power wasn't amazing, not a true leech on someone's skills yet - but it did leech the results of practice and repetition from people around me when it was active. Not so much when learning new things, but it was ideal for both idling in a boring classroom as well as my supposedly unpowered brawls against Sophia. A minor boost to the rate I improved was always welcome.

I wonder if I could use Armsmaster in the same way as I was Sophia? It was hard to imagine a more capable sparring partner anywhere in the Bay, something to think about when I have more consistent access to him. I wasn't naive enough to think that I could get by with only Victor's power - but the idea of repeatedly going all-out against the best in the Bay outfitted perfectly to fight me wasn't a bad one if I wanted to be the strongest guy around.

Sophia half-turns her gaze from the teacher towards the window, then snaps her head towards me as she notices me looking at her from the corner of her vision. The faint look of confusion, minor disgust and derision is textbook Sophia, and her unamused expression fails to improve as I give her a cheeky nod before sliding my gaze back to the front of the class. Sadly, not noticeable further ahead in the lesson than when I had started the challenge. A few seconds skipped, at most - but I was feeling refreshed now. More than capable of sitting through the rest of the rather dull lesson before finding something else to kill me.

That conviction lasts approximately ten seconds. World History was really, really dull right now. In some ways, my abuse of Victor's power during these classes was a mistake. I knew I would already ace the test, thanks to the kind donations of the uber-nerds at the front of the room that were getting exactly no value out of the class and thus allowed my skill siphon to take the results of their avid attention. I push myself to my feet. Nope. Can't do it. Way too bored, way too hyped - two damn good fights in a row where I could taste the progress. I make a vague hand gesture at the teacher on the way out of the door, not attracting too much attention along the way - barely getting a nod of approval from the slightly confused man. He was on his third challenge, we were basically best friends right now - it's only natural that he wouldn't care about me leaving for any reason at all. People left his class all the time for clubs, trips and other appointments - one more was nothing special to anyone here.

I wander the hallways. Taylor on cooldown, Sophia on cooldown... and nothing for me to do or strive for until they came back up. I wouldn't have this trouble at Arcadia, everyone knew the Wards were around there - to say nothing of New Wave. I'd be in way better shape if I spent every day there instead, assuming I was subtle about it and didn't get caught. But no, Winslow it is. No skipping the transfer queue either, I'd checked. If I aced every test, I might get in sometime next year - way too late to matter. Not that I was particularly keen to leave Taylor and Sophia, but... I mean, they'd still be here - just waiting for me to come back and snap them up properly. They were mine, after all - even if they didn't realise it yet.

A younger, hornier Greg might have eagerly added a few normies to the list. Emma, Madison, Julia... a few of the regular bullies that could really use a proper dicking to fix their attitudes. It was probably rude to think of them so dismissively, but what could I do about it? They had no powers, no particular rewards for going after them over than them being attractive in general - a fact thrust into my face whenever I interacted with them, every time that Emma made a blushing, jealous play for my attention at Taylor's expense... my power was reminding me that with a little more work, I could have a genuine heroine making the same face. Sure, that sounded like an asshole-ish thing to think, but I would put money on other people agreeing with me when pressed. Ask any guy if he wants to fuck around with some random chick in college or bang Alexandria. Not even a question, assuming they were being honest.

Don't get me wrong, if Emma suddenly gained powers I'd be more than happy to add her to my collection - but until that time, I wasn't going to expect much from our relationship in the long term. Some things weren't meant to last forever.

I didn't let that stop me from indulging Emma whenever she had one of her jealousy-induced moments, I was still a self-sacrificing gentleman at heart - but the fact remained that the thought was always in the back of my mind for... non-Capes, for lack of a better descriptor. Can't help it, really - I'd need a blindfold or something to stop myself from seeing someone's challenges and the rewards history so far, and telling Emma that I needed to wear a blindfold to properly appreciate her sucking me off under a teacher's desk would probably go poorly. Teeth might get involved.

But she would be hot while she was mad, I might have higher aspirations - but I can still appreciate the passion there. Can still look forward to what's in front of me, even if I recognise it as something that is probably temporary.

But enough musing about my poor choice in school. It wasn't quite lunchtime yet, but I had my own plans today. Parian's shop was rarely open in the evenings, so it was up to me to find the timeslot during the day to go and meet her. If I left now, a little before lunchtime - I could be done and back here without even going into the empty slot in my timetable. Plenty of time to have lunch after getting back.

The only problem was actually getting to her place. She was a fair distance away, but I had a speedster power to handle that - the more serious issue was finding a 'safe' spot to change. I wasn't dumb enough to bring my costume with me in my bag, as that would expose my identity if I was ever searched for any random reason - so all that was left was finding a suitable hidey-hole nearby that I could easily retrieve it from. Somewhere outside of the school, because even if I could enter and leave in disguise - I didn't want some lucky guy catching me on camera and realising that the legendary Void Cowboy went to Winslow.

That would be dangerous for me. I didn't have decoys like the Wards were supposed to have in Arcadia. If you listed out the school's population, eliminated all the girls, eliminated everyone who was clearly too tall/short, eliminated everyone with the wrong skin colour and then picked out the ones who were internet savvy enough to be a dedicated shitposter for years you would end up with... well, most of my Computer Science class, admittedly. But the point remained that even with just a few easily obtained hints, my identity could be narrowed down to probably less than two-dozen people at the absolute most. At that point, you can just compare fitness and muscles, see who has a club or some other alibi on social media around the time of Void Cowboy sightings and the case was practically solved.

I could have done it. Would have done it. I knew better than anyone how easy it was for the wrong person to put in the right kind of effort - and you could never take something back once it was on the internet. Typing 'Brad Meadows' into a PHO comment might get your post filtered for review by a moderator, but people hadn't forgotten the PRT's botched announcement thread for Hookwolf's arrest and attempted trip to the Birdcage - and he knew that people remembered too. There was a reason Hookwolf was always found deep in Empire territory, the loyal guard dog of the dog-fighting rings. It's because he wasn't safe anywhere else, for all that the PRT tried to do damage-control after his escape - his identity was out forever among those with the internet-savviness to look. I didn't want that for me, hence - stashing the thrift-store clothes I used as a costume under dumpsters in dark alleyways or in the forgotten recesses underneath a bridge. Anywhere that I could walk, be alone - and then sprint out of in costume with nobody the wiser.

I breathe a sigh of relief as I find my bag safe and sound. No wandering beggar or thug stumbling across it and taking it for themselves, nor any in the area to see me get changed - or at least, throw my costume over my normal clothes. The jacket was deliberately a size too large precisely so that it could reliably cover my shirt when done up, and my jeans weren't distinctive enough for me to worry if someone got a glimpse under the extra layer applied to my lower half. I hadn't shelled out for a different pair of shoes, but it wasn't like I had a special brand to worry about revealing - these were as generic as they could get.

Once I'm set, I activate my speed-state. Racing through Brockton Bay's streets was bound to cause way more of a panic than it ever did in my challenges - but I was more than capable of going via the rooftops. I was both light and fast in this state, floaty enough to travel between moderate gaps comfortably and safe enough that the impact was barely noticeable if I misjudged it and hit a wall or tumbled down to the street level.

It takes me only a few minutes to reach Parian's designated meeting point. A simple one-story building with a small sign and a window - nothing too fancy, but it didn't need to be. Parian didn't need a massive store to work her magic, the sales volume simply wasn't high enough for that - and even when she was running a major promotion, she was well-known for collaborations with other stores in the area to allow them to handle the business front. Her puppet shows weren't done on site either, so ultimately all she needed was a suitably large place to store all of her materials - and considering how well most fabric can fold, that wasn't much space at all.

Time to head inside. I glance around the area as I approach the door. Nobody's watching, nobody's looking, nobody cares. It's a quiet time of day, before the lunch rush out into the streets and cafes - but not so early that there's no foot traffic at all. It's just that the few people around are the smart ones that keep their head down and don't raise a fuss about every Cape that they see - particularly when it isn't an official Protectorate or Wards member. Almost a shame. I would really appreciate some real fangirls, but there was a time and a place to work towards that goal.

I enter the building, casting my gaze around to take it in as the bell at the door dings to indicate my arrival. There's a counter on the far side of the room, but nobody's manning it yet. The interior is relatively clean and neat, as befits a professional tailor's shop. There are a few tables and chairs along the walls, but there aren't any customers present yet. I kind of expected a Rogue's workplace to be closer to a flashy, modern style that highlighted their economic dominance over the marketplace that politicians would have us believe in, but it seems that she prefers to keep things old-school. In hindsight, her Victorian-era costume could have told me that - but nobody had ever accused me of being interested in fashion.

A doll's costumed head - that could only be Parian - pokes out of a nearby door. I wave. "Hey, I'm Void Cowboy. I had a meeting booked around now? I appreciate that I'm a little bit early - I can wait if needed." I eye her critically as I spool out my polite greetings.

PARIAN

Rogue 1/6

(HUNT) (ZONE)​

Now there was a combo that I don't think I had ever seen before. Probably because on the face of it, they should work against each other - one to restrict the playing field and another to allow pursuit over long distances and prevent hiding. There was overlap there, which seemed off even for a first-level challenge - to me, that implied that there was a gimmick to this.

Parian shakes her head. "Oh, now is fine too. There's nothing else I need to wait on first, and I don't think this will take long." She gestures at me. "Please come through and take a seat, I invited another guest over as well - I hope that won't be an issue for you? He won't be at all interested in listening in to your fashion plans, don't you worry about that. I'm sure he can wait in the shop while we chat."

She deliberately withheld that information, but I couldn't blame her for it. Doubtless, it wasn't a lucky coincidence on her part - perhaps she had some form of arrangement with a local Cape to act as backup for these meetings, in the event that someone saw an unaffiliated Rogue and decided to take a shot at recruitment. I didn't have enough of a good reputation to have earned the level of trust yet - I had actually expected her to just shoot me down over PHO, but evidently she saw more value in being friendly with another Cape than risk. My relatively public crime-fighting spree and recent co-operation with the PRT helped with that, I'm sure.

"Of course, no issues with that." An understatement if there was ever one. I was ecstatic at the implied threat in the event of trouble. One person acting as a bouncer or a bodyguard of sorts? The odds of that being another Cape were excellent for me. Jackpot. I smile, useless as it is through the biker's helmet. Get it out of the way now, if I lose - maybe I could get another in before the session ends if the cooldown timer isn't too long. "Challenge."

The room fades away as I find myself in an enclosed corridor, separate paths twisting and looping around me - a dozen doors on either side just waiting to be opened. A ZONE modifier that is still going to make me find my target? Or, no - that wasn't entirely the point. It was about allowing Parian to run. The twists and turns, the multiple rooms - if I gave her a moment to breathe, she would be able to dodge me forever with perfect knowledge of my position granted by HUNT. Meanwhile, I would be constantly harassed with her dolls from the very instant I drew her attention - the only reason I was safe for now was the lack of the ALRT modifier that usually came with HUNT. She didn't know I was here yet, but once she become aware - she'd have a perfect radar on me until one of us was dead.

But knowing that and being able to do something about it were two different things. Presumably, even making a bit too much noise opening and closing these doors would be enough to alert her - any slight glimpse of me through a keyhole or even a door that was left ajar would be enough as well. And yet, my options for finding her in turn were all too sparse. I lacked a true sensory power to flush her out with, nor any real way to deny or block off paths that she might use to escape through. My offensive capability wasn't much better, even if my defences and mobility would suffice to survive for a considerable length of time against her dolls.

Although, I'd seen the one, singular clip on PHO about Parian's dolls clashing with Fenja and Menja simultaneously. The ground had shaken, the road buckled, the earth had heaved and at the end of it all, the twin giantesses had been the ones cradling bloody knuckles as they fled the scene. Brute strength and durability shouldn't be underestimated, even if Parian probably wouldn't have the same level of preparation that she had then.

All of which, put together - didn't leave me with many ways to approach this, as far as I could think. If Parian went to Winslow, this would be a good deal less of an issue - I would just sacrifice a run or two to narrow down the area she was in, then rush her down from the outset of the challenge. But I didn't have that kind of assured, regular interaction with Parian - even if I did manage to secure some kind of recurring meeting under the guise of costume development, an undertaking that her website had assured me would be cripplingly expensive and easily eliminate all of the funds that had been donated and 'donated' to me by grateful citizens and unconscious criminals alike.

Not 'just' eliminate those funds either. Even more would be needed afterwards - and it made sense, dealings with other Parahumans had none of the major restrictions the government placed on Rogues, so she'd naturally ramp up the costs to those most likely to be able to afford it on account of the added risk of interactions with that crowd. I'd need more patrols to find a drug dealer or twenty to beat up, or a major gang bust, to bring up those kinds of funds again. If things got truly, truly desperate then there was the angle of blitzing a rich lady and having her become my sugar mommy, but then those funds amassed from one source would have a legal background to them, and that kind of traceability was something I wanted to avoid. Criminal cash and one-off minor donations were fine, even if that payment option came at a premium according to her website - but I didn't want to do anything that would draw attention to me or the civilians I surrounded myself with.

Getting distracted. The point was that these meetings, even if I did manage to set them up in the way I had hoped, wouldn't be cheap, long or frequent. Parian wasn't often seen in public outside of certain scheduled events. I had to make the most of the few attempts that I had, and that meant not wasting any attempts on simple information-gathering missions. I liked quick, frequent bursts of action broken up by long stretches of planning rather than every round being a bitter fight to the death against the odds that left me mentally and emotionally exhausted. I liked it, but I couldn't do that here.

Or, I think I couldn't. I'd need to maximise what I learned, obviously - I just couldn't put myself in a losing position for the sake of learning information faster.

Take stock. What do I know?

Firstly, I've been sat here for a solid minute - and I hear nothing. No movements, no sounds. No alarms, no heavy impacts. There isn't a patrol here, nor does there seem to be any special scenario happening around me aside from the odd building I found myself in.

Secondly, some of the exits I could see from here visibly sloped sharply - turning into rapid, smooth climbs or slides that turned in on themselves, presumably leading to another similar floor both above and below me. Perhaps even more than that. I didn't see the ZONE wall, so I could assume that those floors would be available to me if I slid down, or managed to scramble my way up the steep slope going upwards. The ZONE likely just blocked me into this building, preventing my escape. Not that I would want to escape - I had no abilities that would benefit from range, especially not against a Master with a HUNT modifier.

Thirdly, this was the first challenge. So far, I think almost all of the challenges had been... fair approximations of the Cape's default strength to the best of my knowledge. Armsmaster's was probably the most bullshit for me to handle, but... also fairly realistic if I was a known villain and he loaded up to fight me. They hadn't come out of the gate with a modifier that made them disgustingly overpowered, that came later. So when I look around at this challenge and see a layout that appeared to buff Parian to levels I would expect from a much later challenge - I think that means that I'm missing something.

Whatever that was, I couldn't see it from here. My only options were to either move to another floor and see if anything was present in those corridors, or head into these closed-off rooms and see what was inside. Changing floors might make a little too much noise on its own, trying to phase through the floor would definitely result in a thump when I landed - so my best option was to check out the rooms.

I approach the closest door and inspect it. No obvious traps. No electronics - little more than a standard door much like those found in Winslow. All the more reason not to open it. The ones in Winslow creaked like hell when pushed open, and I didn't want to test how far sound carried in the otherwise ominously quiet building. I phase through the door silently.

No Parian here. A desk. Some stationary. Some soft, cushy chairs in the corner and a fireplace on the other side of the room.

...nope. I wasn't seeing it. There was a trick here, and it had gone completely over my head. I was definitely going to kick myself later on, but I was just going to move on for now - the other rooms might have more insight. I leave the same way I came, phasing through the door and pacing to the next room - checking down the hallway for any movement as I go past a fork in the corridor. Nothing. The next room is slightly different, yet somehow just the same. A new layout, new furniture and decorations - a jewellery box on a counter, a scented candle flickering in the wind, curtains drawn just enough to show the slightest hint of the ZONE wall beyond the window.

Was it just a hide-and-seek challenge? Now there was a thought. What if Parian just decided to hide under a bed while I raced around, dodging her puppets from the moment she heard me move?

No, that would be silly. These challenges usually kept some semblance of the original's moves, personality and fighting style. Parian disliked fighting and shied away from confrontations, but had never hesitated to engage in combat when gangs had showed up to try and recruit Brockton's only real Rogue.

I leave the room.

And promptly get punched in the torso by a floating doll, not even a third of my size.

Not a lethal hit, but it completely blindsided me - sending my skidding and gasping across the smooth hallway before I roll to my feet - already looking to dodge the followup attack. I'm pleasantly surprised to find that the doll didn't move straight for an execution blow like most of my enemies did, and even more pleased to see that the reason for that was because it had knocked me so far away that it hadn't closed the gap in time to stop me from getting up. I back away, a light jog enough to keep the distance between us the same. Slow. At least, compared to what I had seen Parian do before. Small, too. Not that I was complaining.

Copper on my tongue. Bleeding. Maybe something internal, maybe not. Wasn't important now - if I was going to die, it was going to be because I got flattened by an angry stuffed teddy bear not because I didn't go to the hospital and something got infected and killed me two weeks from now. That wasn't how challenges worked. I need to focus on important things. Important questions. Like, why?

Why was it here? Was it patrolling the corridors this entire time? No. It was waiting for me outside that room. The scenario had activated somehow, Parian had noticed me moving about - had my footsteps been too loud? Had a floorboard creaked and I hadn't heard it, muffled by the carpet as it was? Was she flicking through CCTV feeds, and had just spotted me walking around?

And the timing of it was strange too. I couldn't have been in there that long. As long as Sophia's power had been on cooldown, no more. That varied but wasn't that long - somewhere between six and ten seconds maybe. That wasn't long enough for that doll to race across the floor from out of sight and get ready to clobber me upon exit. That meant that she had either noticed me as I entered the first room, and she just needed time to discretely deploy this doll - or she detected me as I moved towards the second room and immediately deployed this thing to attack.

Of the two, the first was unlikely. I knew that Parian could make dangerously large dolls. If her strategy was to wait and ambush me, then I would have come out the third or fourth room and been instantly killed in a single strike by a bear taller than me. I wasn't. I was knocked around by a baby - to me, that implied that she had created the first doll that she had to hand and immediately deployed it to attack me from wherever she was. This was all that could reach me in the time between her spotting me and me leaving that second room. She was either very close and noticed me going into the room, or quite far away and noticed me in the corridor. Based on the lack of sounds or reinforcements, I was betting on the latter.

As if to punish the thought, another doll floats into sight from around the corner. This one heavier, actually brushing against the floor in some vague facsimile of walking as Parian's telekinesis propels it forward. Closer to a canine doll, although lacking the distinctive flair and detail of her usual work. The sight of it confirmed my theory. Dolls were coming as fast as she could make them, although from what little I understood of her power - her limit was three. Whether that was a hard-coded limit of her power, or simply a lack of ability to concentrate on more than that - I didn't know.

But I did know that three dolls would eventually corner me if they started getting much faster than they were - and this canine doll was indeed faster than the creepy, fat baby. It looked like it had more mass to it as well, the effort from Parian to genuinely propel it forward off of walls and the ground showcased that well - rather than simply being dragged around in the air by telekinesis.

I needed to move. I could probably run past them without a problem in my speed-state, but I didn't want to risk it. Not only was there no guarantee that the next floor would be safe, the brief moments of paralysis at either side of the speed-state might get me killed. And I couldn't open doors like that, because Velocity sucked and his power sucked too. On him, at least. I could at least use it sometimes, but the suckiness still brushed off on my version. No, I wasn't bitter and no, I wasn't irrationally biased against the guy. My dedicated hateclub was perfectly rational. I couldn't reliably dodge the dog-doll at my base speed though, let alone fight it.

Instead, I run backwards - diving down the slide leading to the floor below. Escape wasn't feasible. Not with the HUNT modifier, but I needed to at least isolate the possibilities of what had happened. What Parian was doing, how quickly she escalated with her dolls, where her materials came from, how she had detected me and exactly how viable it was to evade her various dolls with my usual combination of mobility skills. Every one of those questions left unanswered could be something I die next time to find out if I don't work it out here.

This time, I don't hesitate to open the doors normally. No need for stealth when she already knows exactly where I am. I flit around the rooms. Nothing out of the ordinary. And, just as importantly as not seeing any sign of Parian, this was a dead-end floor. No further paths sloping downwards - only a few exits pointing back up the way I came. That didn't eliminate the possibility that Parian was hiding on my original floor, but the odds were good that she was on the third floor or a hypothetical higher floor if one existed.

I pause as a bloated, vaguely man-shaped doll floats around my original entry to the floor. Not approaching, just staying there. The dog-doll from before has evidently circled around via a different route, blocking off what I assume leads to another exit. No sign of the third doll yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was sitting at a third and final exit - seeking to slowly pen me in from all sides that I could escape down.

That was fine. I came down here for a good reason, slowly and methodically penning me in was better for me than being chased. I dive back into one of the rooms, jumping up onto the bed. Vista's power to shrink the gap above me, then one good jump into shadow-state takes me to the floor above.

The lumbering footsteps from below me are immediately obvious - a frantic pace to both relocate floors and block off access to Parian herself. Vista's power hadn't recovered yet and I can't get the height to simply jump up to the next floor without it, even from the desk. I grab a small sewing kit from the side of this room - freeze it in the air with Clockblocker's power and use it as a stepping stool to get the extra height I need to make the jump to the next floor.

Thankfully, I once again make it through without my attempt being mercilessly cut short by an unlucky electricity cable running through the ceiling.

Third floor. I head to the exit of the room, racing out only long enough to verify that there was a floor even higher than this. Back into the room. Shadow Stalker's power was already nearly back, but Vista's power was still unravelling itself down on the bottom floor and Clockblocker's was locked until my last object unfroze. Not an issue. I clamber up to the highest point I can again, then bring out my Ashen Clone to simply stand in place by the wall - hands clasped together in a foothold.

Not the most solid or reliable of methods, given how fragile it is most of the time - but if it can throw out a punch and connect solidly, it can be stepped on for long enough not to let me slip through like an idiot. I lodge my foot into its hand and press my weight onto it as it propels me upwards - the extra momentum giving me just the amount of momentum I need for my shadow-state to glide upwards without most of the effect of gravity. My shadow-state times out as I pass through the floor, forcibly ejecting my body onto the upper floor gracelessly.

I roll away as a fist larger than my head puts a clean hole through the space I was just standing in. The large doll I was now sharing a room with not even pausing before converting it into a body slam. No hesitation, but still foiled by the simple fact that its downward momentum was slowed and disrupted by various pieces of furniture blocking its downwards descent first - knocking it to the side long enough for me to get my feet under me and start running. Door was already open. Parian was here - no way that thing got through the door on its own.

As if to highlight my point, the doorframe explodes outwards as it gives chase. Fast. Really fast. This was the level I had expected from this thing, but it wasn't perfect. It's poor choice of attacks had left it's form peppered with holes - running through furniture and walls with such reckless abandon had it looking more deflated than it should, and when I run into the next room - the door seems to explode with a little less violence as it enters after me.

I vault the bed in the room as I phase through the wall, idly noting the state of the room as I pass. Bedsheets stripped down to nothing. Curtains yanked away from the windows. This was the missing piece to what I had missed earlier - Parian didn't have any dolls ready at the start. She needed to make them, and the materials to do that weren't sitting in a pile waiting for her, they were scattered around the various rooms of the hotel-esque building. This was, at least in part, a stealth mission. Sure, she would be fairly dangerous with even just her small scale textile manipulation in her starting room - but if she was stopped from racing from room to room, if I only aggroed her when I was already inside the room with her, she would never get the chance or materials to make a bigger, more dangerous doll.

Hell, if I won fast enough - she might not get to make a doll at all. I didn't know how long it should take her to convert the layered, interwined fabric from a hotel's professionally laid-out bed, but I imagined it wouldn't be particularly easy without neatly separated fabrics and no easy access to sewing needles.

Not that the realisation would help me now. It was a bit too late to put the cat back in the bag, she was very aware that I was here and had doubtless plundered every room on this floor - she had probably already relocated to a safer floor already, letting her minions do the chasing for her. I had assumed I would be safe while her three dolls moved floors, but that assumption had a fatal flaw: She didn't need to keep those dolls. Doubtless, one, two or even all three of those on the floors below had collapsed into nothing as Parian focused her efforts on her stronger creations up here.

A fist punches through the floor of the room I had slipped into. Not a small fist poking a hole in the floor, a gigantic fist larger than most of the container units on each side of the room put together knocked a hole large enough to fit a car through into the centre of the room. The heavy stomping from behind me indicates that the wall is going to burst open from the rampaging fat one that I had passed through the wall to avoid.

End of the line. My Ash Clone has already dissipated and recovered, so I buy myself a brief second as it blocks the path of the doll - notably slowing it as the puppet seemingly fails to notice it at all, but nothing can stop the sheer bulk of the sweeping hand smashing towards me like a hammer blow. Even if Sophia's power would come off of cooldown a moment earlier, I didn't have a path towards victory here any longer. Nowhere I could escape to, nor any secrets I could uncover before my death.

My body practically dissolves on impact with the ridiculously-oversized arm - knocked back and through the wall just in time to receive the shoulder-charge from the damaged doll that had been chasing me. I'm treated to the delightful sight of the blood-soaked doll deflating as bits of my body drip from its form. The third-party view I got after an instantaneous death was always a treat. I was more used to seeing my body bounce around a bit, because usually I only got the opportunity to see it on large falls - most other deaths had me lose consciousness for a little while first before my body gave up.

FAILURE​

No shit.

But... promising. Save for one, crucial point.

I had no idea how she had spotted me. I had made a half-guess at the start that perhaps she had some tiny dolls floating around that she could see through, but the evidence lined up against that theory. Not only had her dolls lost an opportunity for a killing blow due to what could only be a lack of awareness about its surroundings, but she clearly didn't have any other dolls in the area aside from that initial one sent to attack me. I hadn't seen any sign of a CCTV system, nor did the rooms on her for have any form of special vantage point or any unusual features compared to the others. I felt safe ruling out footsteps, knowing that she was actually two floors above me - I wouldn't have been shocked if she heard me from the floor below, but I wasn't loud enough to even entertain the idea that simple walking was what gave me away.

And that was frustrating. Because that could kill me. I had a clear, obvious path to victory now - find Parian on the 4th floor without being detected. If I did that, I'm 100% sure that I would win on either the first or second try - depending on how capable she is with melee and multitasking. But that path was slammed shut in my face if I couldn't stop her from aggroing from two entire floors away. She'd have at least two large dolls ready by the time I got up there, either by clambering the steep, smooth slope that had replaced the stairs or waiting on Shadow Stalker's power to give me a simple, predictable route up.

Or... no. That was it. It didn't solve the question, but that might not matter. I think I was undetected going into that first room. If my theory was sound that I had only been detected sometime after I had left and continued exploring, then entering and only moving upwards from that point was a viable strategy. I could climb directly upwards from there, take my time - keep quiet. Let my powers recharge fully instead of blitzing through under pressure like before. I'd be two floors up without a whisper of noise if I did it right, and at that point - the only thing that I would be missing from a perfect run would be finding the right room. And if I aggroed her on that floor, she couldn't send a doll out the door to fight me without revealing herself - and if I didn't, I would keep phasing into rooms until I ran into her and killed her then and there. Probably not the intended method, but having all of these powers at my disposal gave me options to work with.

But that was irrelevant for now. I shake my head and follow Parian through to our apparent meeting room. Fifteen minutes to stall for this challenge. Reasonable. Very reasonable.

I take a seat where directed. Just outside of the door, I note a flash of orange passing by as the apparent chaperone settles down just outside to wait.

Newter

Mercenary 1/4

(DNGR)​

I pause at that. I knew Newter, of course. Faultline's gang of jailbreakers and misfits that made their home in the nightclubs of the shady part of town whenever they weren't taking on contracts of dubious legality around the world. I didn't actually know they were back in Brockton yet, last I heard they were lying low after getting involved in a prison break of some kind and pissing off the Protectorate in the process. The details escape me, but no one guy can be expected to remember all this stuff when it happens in a place not called Brockton Bay.

Case 53. Hallucinogenic touch - or rather, all of his fluids were drugs. All of them. I had asked the world to be sure about that fact before, and one brave poster had responded that she and a pair of friends had experimented with what she referred to as 'the trippiest handjob of my life' with the aid of a thick pair of clothes. Worth the ban, and I got a rather useless tip that giving him a blowjob would go exactly as poorly as you would expect and require a hospital visit - and also that a facial 'wasn't that bad' compared to his usual fluids but could still send you tripping for a week. Not a combat tip I expected to need here, but it was of at least a little interest - if only because it gave some sign of the quantities involved before it got dangerous. A melee fight to the death would doubtless get me to that level, the PHO feats thread showed him basically knocking people out in a single strike and it was debatable how much of that was the drugs and how much was his Brute strength.

But once that drug was in me, I would be feeling it even outside of the challenge. Was there any other way to take that modifier? All of the previous people I had seen it on, it was obvious. Masters, people who could modify memories or that had powers capable of lasting effects even once the challenge was over. Newter was a known quantity, if he had the DNGR modifer the only way for that to be true was if his drugs weren't purely biological and would interface with my mind or power directly to cause an effect in real life if I was too affected.

On the flip side, it was a biological substance that would be entirely cleansed post-challenge. You could dilute his hallucinogens, treat them in a hospital. I could acknowledge that the mental effect might linger for a short time - but it shouldn't last that long once the substance was gone. A bit of time for the brain to steady itself out from any trippy patterns it had gotten into, that should be all - logically speaking.

... I couldn't risk it. I had a meeting with Parian right now, and if I started obviously tripping balls even for just a minute without ever touching the guy it would not only damage our working relationship, but also raise a lot of questions about how the hell it happened. And the DNGR modifier was one that I didn't really want to get that close to. The idea of lasting consequences was a large departure from most of what I had done so far, with the exception of the life-or-death battle against Oni Lee.

I reluctantly drag my eyes away. It was the smart thing to do. I knew that.

...I shift my chair just enough to remove the glimpse of orange skin from my peripheral vision. I know what I'm like. I'll have a moment of boredom and decide that there's no harm in giving it a try.

"So." Parian is a softly-spoken woman, with the kind of voice that spoke of an intense focus on keeping her accent as neutral as possible. Probably for her own safety, judging by her life choices. If she was white, she would have accidentally flashed a bit of skin to the Empire by now and enjoyed their sudden protectiveness of her as they hail her as one of the most stand-up moral capes in the city. It was hard to rule out any other races, I would expect even nervous asians looking for protection to think twice before signing up with Lung. And being a black person in Brockton Bay... well. Sub-optimal to say the least. The community was supposedly tight-knit in its shared misery, and frequent PRT patrols did a lot to provide some element of safety from the two powerful, racially-charged groups that either mildly disliked or outright hated them. "I received your up-front payment for the consultation, I'd be happy to assist with your needs in costume design and creation - but the actual cost of that is quite significant, both in terms of the cost in materials and in the actual stages of design and creation. I don't want to lead you on, but I must repeat what I said online - this will get expensive. Most of my clients prefer to wait until they have support from a larger organisation or are well-established, I'll need to ask for upfront payment at all stages because of that."

Straight out of the gate with the money speech. Expected. For all that actually being heroic had gotten me this far, from her estimation of me I would be a penniless vigilante that had expended all of his funds on a motoring helmet and some extra jeans - only capable of getting this far off of my looted-gains from petty crooks. Not a reliable source of income, not when a gang could come and squash me - or when the PRT could snatch me up along with my business. Not committing to any work that she hadn't been paid for was understandable. Sensible. Mildly annoying for me personally, but I got it. "That isn't an issue for me. I'll ensure that you are appropriately paid before we proceed past each step." I opt for a polite tone.

She makes an indeterminate sound, something between a sigh and a grunt of acknowledgement. "Then let's get started. First of all - let's talk about limitations. You mentioned on PHO that you were something of a Trump, any powers that would need to be kept in mind before we start designing? Holes for Blaster powers, open mask, toolbelts, things like that?"

"I need to be able to touch things directly with my hands." I start out, thinking of my current - and possible future - powerset. Othala, Panacea, Clockblocker. "So full gloves are a no-go. I've already got a stash of useful items, so I wouldn't exactly say no to a better holder. As for the rest-" Were any of the Blasters in the Bay the sort that actually fired out of their body? It was hard to tell without a closeup shot, and their costumes usually didn't reveal much. I'd guess not - but I could change it later. "-I might need my mouth free as well, though I also see the value in a full-face helmet..." The absolute deadpan of her masked expressions somehow leaks through. "Right, appreciate that isn't the most helpful description. Half-mask, but also full-mask... maybe we can experiment a bit to see what works? I'll pay you every time, of course."

That was the important part, snuck in at the end. Recurring visits. Approving this change or that, tweaking a minor detail here and there - scheduling another meeting for when its done. Expensive, yes - but reliable visits to a Cape was worth the investment. It wasn't like I needed the money for anything else right now, and looting criminals never got old.

I sally back and forth over costume designs with all the passion in the world at my disposal. Flitting about from half-formed point to half-formed point in a deliberate exaggeration of my usual conversations at school. I didn't want to make progress, I didn't want a quick meeting - and I certainly didn't want her to show up at our next one with a costume that we could both agree was perfect. Being an annoyance like this, with contradicting requirements - armoured gloves, exposed skin, half-mask, full-coverage, easy-removal, heavily armoured... it was obvious that so many of these requirements couldn't coexist outside of a Tinkertech piece. But, if pleading ignorance led to a more iterative process... that was the real aim here.

Eventually, Parian loses the will to live first. "Let's stop here." A hint of exasperation, combined with a slightly thicker accent that isn't masked properly. "How about this, I'll pull some designs together-"

"With the colour schemes I sent?" I ask innocently.

"-I'll attempt to incorporate your... suggestions." Very delicate, Parian. Smooth. I'd have told me to fuck off by now if I was in your shoes. Guess that's why I don't work retail. Or work at all, but hey - I'm still a student. No big deal. "I'll draft some designs for the accessories and smaller pieces that don't require as much material. You can work out what does and doesn't work, make your decision around them - and we can move on to constructing the rest of your costume once you have those essential requirements pinned down. Does that sound good?"

I nod enthusiastically, trying to look like I am still paying attention. Minor slots now. Chest and leg slots filled later. It was obvious which ones would be more expensive, and it also meant that any coherent theme could be switched around at a later date. "Sounds great! I'll be sure to let you know if I think of anything else." She makes a noise of agreement that almost manages to avoid sounding slightly pained at the thought. Poor Parian, I must have sounded so put-together and reasonable over PHO. Alas, it's your own fault for being a recluse.

"I'll send you an estimate for the bill." Trying to scare me off from coming back? Not going to happen my dear. I'll pay that twice over.

I smile through my helmet. "It's been lovely to meet you." I stand and bow lightly. "I've heard so many great things about you and your work, and I'm really quite new to this so I am sorry if I'm bumbling around a bit." Dial up the innocent fanboy. Don't want to leave her with too much of a negative impression. "But that's why I came to you! I know that you're the expert in all things costume around here, so I'm really looking forward to what we can make in the future and what advice you'll have for me. I'll try not to waste your time, so thank you for looking after me!"

"Think nothing of it." She loses some of her aloofness like a slowly deflating balloon. Minor success.

We exchange pleasantries for a short while longer, while I watch her challenge sheet like a hawk. Fifteen. Twelve. Ten. Seven. "I should probably get going then. I'll look forward to seeing what you come up with." Three. Two. One. "Challenge."

I don't delay before retracing my steps to the first room I explored last time. No minute of introspection first, just a rapid entry and subsequent ascent with the only delay being the few seconds mandated by Sophia's power being on cooldown. Space warping to get up one floor, Ash clone for the next. I deliberately avoided the Clockblocker method in case the object falling once it unfroze made a noise if it fell the wrong way.

I pause once I reach the 4th floor, straining my ears. No rustling of cloth. No loud footsteps. No banging doors. Not that I heard much of those last time, but I wasn't this close when the fight had started either. Nothing. I phase through the door. Open corridor- no. Was this really the best move? I had moved around the first room and all the rooms above it safely so far, didn't that imply that whatever method she had used to detect me couldn't be used inside the rooms? That her surveillance only covered the hallways? It was far from guaranteed based on such a small sample size of tests, but if she was able to detect me going through the halls two floors away - it was pretty likely that she would notice me on the same floor.

I wait out the timer, then slide back into the room I had just left. The general layout of these floors seemed to be much the same as those below, and my frantic race around the building last challenge had given me a solid idea about which ways the various corridors went. Which, in theory, meant that going into a wall that didn't lead out into a corridor should drop me directly into a neighbouring room. Obvious in principle, but the idea meant that I could effectively explore every connected room as one large batch without ever entering the corridor. There were some that would require checking on the 'inside' ring of rooms, and the gaps left by the modified stairs would also stop me from going past all at once - but I wasn't under any time pressure yet. This was the objectively correct, safest way to do this - so however annoying it was, I needed to just sit tight and phase into every single room whether it takes an additional three minutes or three hours.

I drift between rooms. My initial fears that I was going to sprint directly into an electrical outlet seem unfounded so far. It just isn't a very... electrified building, if that was the right word. Aside from a few light fixtures and the occasional wall outlet - all of which had convenient cable casings highlighting where in the wall or ceiling to avoid - there just wasn't much going on in the thin walls between rooms. Just as well, because running directly into an electrical current in my shadow state was really fucking painful and the screaming that results afterwards isn't exactly voluntary - even in a circumstance like this, where making such a noise might just spell the end of my attempt.

The unusual shape of my next room clues me in that I've reached the end of this set of connected rooms. Nothing in the initial third-or-so of the building I started in. Time to move across the corridor. Exactly what I was afraid of doing, not because of any immediate danger - but because I didn't know if this tiny stretch of corridor was 'safe' like the area I had started in or if it was just like the hallway Parian detected me in last time.

There wasn't a floor further up that I could dodge into. Perhaps my best route was... what? Just sprinting out? I don't think I could make it across the corridor in the space of a single second before my shadow state expired, so I would be stuck out there for at least a few seconds and need to wait for a second charge. Was that a problem, or was it fine? The question entirely hinged on what the method she used to detect me the first time was. No point leaving until I've at least had a stab at it.

Maybe... pressure? The carpets outside were, at least in part, fabric. Maybe she had some smidgen of her power into part of it, and could detect it when I stood on a certain roll of carpet? That didn't mesh well with what I understood to be her weight limit stopping her from controlling large amounts of material outside of a doll form, but perhaps that only applied to actual attempts to move it? If her power was still present somehow... then that could be a possible explanation. With a possible solution, as well. Don't touch the ground. While also not making much noise.

Not an easy ask, but possible with my powers. I just needed to get something into the corridor that I could clock-block, with the usual restriction on my shadow-state stopping me from dragging a suitable item with me. But - it allowed clothes through with me, right? And I could freeze my clothes so long as I wasn't wearing them enough to count. I try some practice runs inside the room to master the motions, then make a real attempt at the door. I barrel through the door in my shadow-state, gliding about halfway up the ceiling in the best jump I could make - then slip my shirt the rest of the way off of my arms, freezing it in place around me and- I barely manage to choke off a scream as the now-diamond-like hardness of the shirt completely kills my momentum, edges that felt soft an instant before now sharp enough to dig into skin and find blood.

Not that I can do anything about it. I just have to hang here. As painful as this handhold is, this is what I need to do for another few seconds. Five. Four. Three. My fingers scream at me in protest, a light rivulet of blood trickling down my hand and across my arm as I do all that I can to keep my lower body up and away from the floor level. Two. One. Shadow-state. For all that it feels like my shadow-state has me running across the floor, I've never left footsteps behind me - giving me enough confidence that, if my hypothesis is correct, the brief touch I need against the ground to redirect me across the corridor and through the next door won't trigger anything for Parian to notice me by.

I barely make it past the door, the shadow-state cancelling itself just as the bulk of my body makes it through - ejecting me firmly onto the other side once again. No Parian, thankfully. I take stock for a moment. No sounds. Perfect. My arms are feeling rather torn up and I'm not keen to start a fist-fight with open wounds, so I'll take a minute or two to cycle in and out of my shadow-state, relying on the very-slight healing factor I get during each shift.

And then I head into the next room.

And without a shred of hesitation, I hurl myself at the doll-like figure inside. Costumed. Of course. But I had been right. There weren't any dolls here yet. It was just like any other room, except for the Rogue standing blankly in its centre. She backpedals away from me, nearby curtains already straining off of their rails as I direct my ash clone to split off from me mid-sprint. This was close-combat right now, she didn't have the range to keep me away at this speed and it's little more than another second before I tackle her midsection with a lunge - the sudden distortion of the space between us catching her off-guard. My clone follows up a moment later, a powerful downwards kick that I can feel through my grip on her body - the clone begins to dissipate, but that was precisely why that power was so good in a scenario like this. The sooner it completed its one task and disappeared, the sooner it would return. It would take mere seconds for it to finish dissipating and then be ready again, acting as an effective second combatant all while every other blow I dealt myself was mirrored with my Echo.

It isn't all domination from beginning to end, she does manage to get a section of fabric to lunge at me, trying to peel me away - only for it to get frozen in place, for me to slam her masked head into again and again. The nearby sofa is the next piece of furniture to destroy itself providing her fabric, but her control is clearly already off-balance - she attempts to form it into a delicate ball, but it slips to the ground harmlessly during the beatdown - only to fly blindly at my newly re-appeared ash-clone in some desperate attempt at defence.

Physically weak. As I had hoped, and expected. Without a doll to start with, I was more than her equal in this scenario. I prop her head upwards into the air as she struggles weakly, arms half-raised in a defensive ward. I wind up a punch, and all 'three' of us strike at once. My full-powered right-hook, my echo forming a straight-punch that whistles past my own nose on its way and then my ash clone with a spinning kick to the left side of her face. All of the fabric around us ceases to strain against its bindings at once, slumping uselessly to the ground except for the bit that I froze earlier.

No success? Not lethal then, just knocked out. I sigh. Mask was still intact. I had expected it to be a decorational piece that would shatter under any pressure, but despite a large crack down the middle - it had fared better than I could ever have expected given the one-sidedness of the fight. Quality products, I suppose - even if it isn't really her speciality. I wrench the mask off, struggling for a moment before something audibly cracks and some hidden clasp finally snaps.

I pause briefly. Darker, notably tanned skin. Clearly not European, wrong features for me to guess Northern Africa or Turkey. Egyptian? Iranian? Plenty of refugees from around that area, any of the countries around there would be possible. I mean, she could say 'american' as well but the hint of an accent at least hinted to me that she wasn't raised here. Which made it all the more puzzling why, with skin colour like this, she had set up shop next to the Empire. Did she have a death-wish? Sure, there was the argument that she was at least 'whiter' than the Empire's primary targets - but the Empire wasn't a monolith and I doubted she would be any less of a target if they knew her true ethnicity.

"Suicidal." I mutter. Cute, though. The doll mask was hideous to look at, but I could at least be content that there was a cute face underneath it - and it was also nice knowing that she wasn't secretly an old granny too.

I swing one leg over her torso to straddle her. Not in a sexual way, despite my curiosity about what the rest of her looks like under the unflattering costume - but just because I needed a good grip to make this quick and easy. I didn't have a nice blunt instrument to hand, nor a solid drop to throw her off of - and simply punching her to death always felt kind of bad when they were already unconscious. Better to make it quick and guaranteed than look for another method. Even if it's unpleasant. I place my hands on either side of her head, then, with a grimace - place my thumbs over her eyes.

And push.

SUCCESS

Reward: Textile Manipulation (1)​

Victory. I'd take it. And the power I had gotten as a reward seemed interesting, just going off of the name. There was a lot of potential to a name like that, though I knew overestimating what power I could get from a first-level challenge would only lead to disappointment. Clearly, it involved the movement or control of fabric. There would be limits to it, different things to try. I could attempt to wrap myself up in it to see if the forcefield-like properties of Parian's fully-assembled dolls would carry over, or maybe I could turn my clothes into a weapon. Dragging people around by their clothes would be useful. It could be all of those things, or none of them. For all I knew, there could be a requirement here that limited its use to doll-like constructions. Or worse, for me to already have a pre-made doll to use it with.

Hopefully, there'd be some middle-ground somewhere. I could really use another decent power with versatility to it. I knew I was overly reliant on Sophia's power, finding another power with that level of viability would be amazing for my prospects of progressing any time soon.

No time to worry about that now. I needed to check out - or even clear - Parian's next challenge. Just to give me something to work towards before our next meeting. I scan her again.

Parian

Rogue 2/6

(HUNT) (ZONE) (REAL)​

The same thing, but with a REAL modifier attached? That wasn't so bad on the face of it, but probably screwed my last strategy. If it meant that she moved between rooms, or even just had more unattached fabric to hand in the event that she was 'working' - I'd be in for a much tougher fight than before. But I'd have time to speculate on that once I was sitting at home, bored and musing over how I could improve. "Challenge."

Same building. Same layout. Same strategy. Except, this time - I knew which room I was heading to. It takes fifty-four seconds to get to the fourth floor - mostly spent waiting for Vista's power to snap back to nothingness. It takes a further sixteen seconds to cross the corridor into the set of rooms I expected to find her within. Silence so far. Into the next room. Nothing. The next room. Noth- Nothing, except for the open door.

I pause. Taking in the room with an appraising eye. Might that window have been covered by curtains before? Should that bed not have one more cover over the top of it, just like all the others had?

And if the room hadn't started like this, which I admittedly couldn't guarantee - then she had simply swept in and out of here to grab materials. To put to use during her default task, or to create a doll? If I left her alone, would she waste the materials she accrued then go and find more in a vulnerable state - or would she create a doll with them, putting her firmly beyond my capability to defeat with just a single minute of added prep-time?

A snip from the next room over. I barrel towards it as my shadow-state comes off of cooldown. No time to speculate, I could judge the correct move later and adjust at our next client meeting. I enter the next room, and immediately swerve to avoid a baby-sized doll charging to meet me headfirst. Right. She probably heard my footprints with the door open. I split my ash-clone away, taking in Parian and her fabric collection. A dress of some kind, sliced bits of fabric littered on the table - scissors and needles out on display... but also a doll. As I watch, the dress shrinks in on itself, compressing into a crude ball that swells outwards before stabilising into a dangerously smooth sphere that hinted at how non-fabric like I could expect it to be when it hit me.

It flies at me like a rocket, far faster than the baby - no shadow-state, and I had already sent my ash-clone on the attack. It bounces off of Glory Girl's shield, but the baby had already re-established itself between Parian and I. My clone had been restrained by a fluttering scarf, which almost seemed to deflate under the strain - but my ash clone is the first to give, disintegrating under the pressure even as Parian's power fades from the cloth.

Another ball of cloth forms, this one combining with another to form a properly humanoid shape - twice the size of the previous two combined. I try to close in on the girl, but the dolls are slightly too large to freeze and the two of them are more than fast enough to threaten me if I take a direct path. Additional streams of fabric get in my path, designed to trip and trap me long enough for the slow-but-powerful smaller dolls to land a good enough connection to break a limb. I swerve around the room to avoid them, then - with a frustrated snarl - shift into my shadow state as her designated bodyguard finally fills into shape.

I drop through the floor.

I slam the door open. Fuck. Was there even anything for me to do at this point? I think my initial idea was correct in principle - she seemed to be making a commission, and grabbing her on her way to take new material from other rooms seemed to be the best move. That didn't help if the very first thing she did without being aggroed was to make a doll as her assistant. That thing buys her a lot of time, even one as small as that managed to knock me several metres away in a single hit the first time I tried the original challenge - I couldn't afford to take an attack like that in a more frenzied melee where I wouldn't get knocked away, but instead get knocked down and immediately crushed into a pasty mess on the floor.

Knocking her out would take out the dolls as well, but landing a hit like that... was probably too much to expect. She had taken enough direct hits from me last time and remained standing for me to respect the value of her costume in a fight like this. I had no real ranged offensive threats, and my all-too-brief test to see if my new Textile Manipulation could seize a doll from her grasp had resulted in nothing. Maybe I should have tested it more before I started the fight, but it was hard to imagine how it could have made a difference.

I shift into my speed-state, idly noting that this time Parian's larger doll doesn't opt to punch a hole into the ceiling to get to me. It seemed to be taking the 'normal' way down - which was a slight positive for the REAL modifier. A too-heavy thump on the floor above tells me that it's far, far too late to somehow stop her from forming an even larger doll. The only upside was that most of her creations would struggle to get through the slide between floors, while in my speed-state I could practically sprint along the walls that were just curved enough to stop me from falling off.

Best to just play keep-away, try and get some more concrete data on what she can and can't do without eyes on me. This didn't have to be the end in all scenarios, there were fireplaces in some rooms - if I could bait them to move in just the right way, when Parian wasn't aware enough, could I destroy the dolls and find a moment of weakness? The first time, the incomplete dolls had poked holes in themselves clashing against furniture - if she couldn't see through them, and could only know my exact position via the HUNT modifier, then I could only guess that I could have them literally walk through a hallway of flames completely unaware if I could only set it up.

I veer away from one exit as Parian's next creation becomes apparent. Giant snake. Ideal for occupying the slides, and probably easy to lengthen from relative safety as well. Smart. Not good for me either. I sprint down the other corrid-

I fall, uncomprehendingly, as my footing fails me.

What just happened? A familiar woozy, heady feeling takes over. Blood loss. How? None of the dolls were near me. I look back where I came from. Feet. My feet. Not attached to me. One of them completed taken off near the ankle, the other half-dangling without quite splitting off. Blood everywhere. Dolls rapidly approaching through the space I had opened up between us.

Why? I focus on that question. I couldn't think right now. Not to strategize. I needed an answer. Simple questions, simple answers to focus on through the pain. I crawl back towards my missing feet, still in my speed-state. Couldn't drop it now, pretty sure I would just die with three entire seconds for the dolls to reach me.

A clean cut. Like a blade. My 'surviving' foot had only been grazed as I fell, the slicing diagonally through my leg but not quite carving off an entire piece for itself. Like a blade? Why? Parian wasn't here. Maybe she could do that if she was, I wouldn't put it past her - I'd seen a Cape in New York do worse with paper. But she wasn't. I reach a hand out towards my feet, and then stop as my hand also starts bleeding mid-air.

I drag my eyes closer, now spotting droplets of blood along a razor-thin line suspended in the air. A tripwire. That was it. I-

FAILURE​

-black out, coming back to awareness at the failure screen. More blood loss than I thought. Or, too much too fast. Or maybe something killed me from behind. Who knows?

A tripwire. That made so much more sense than my pressure-plate-carpet idea. And, as much as it seemed like a weapon to my speed-state, that was more my power than hers. My speed-state made me vulnerable to external attacks, even as it made me basically immune to the consequences of my own movements. I knew a dull knife could carve through me like a plasma-sword in that state, so it's no wonder that a simple, taut line filled with an enemy's power would be considered as enemy action and carve through me just as easily. I must have just walked through it without even feeling it outside of my speed-state, it barely had any weight to it - if it hadn't resisted the full mass of my leg and just fallen to the floor or quietly snapped, Parian would have felt it move and I would have been none-the-wiser.

That made sense. A lot of sense. It gave me some more freedom of movement next time as well, so long as I could find the near-invisible lines in advance before setting them off. It wasn't crazy to think that she might start putting them inside the rooms as well, so I was quite happy to discover this now.

I drum my fingers against my chest. Fine. Good enough. I'd like to have gone further... but I can't be upset with a new power and some good information out of one meeting. I idly continue my previous farewells to Parian as I leave, deliberately averting my eyes from Newter as I passed. Don't try it. You know you shouldn't.

I avoid the stares of a passing family of bystanders as I leave, heading into an alleyway and then finding my way up onto the rooftops again - comfortably out of sight. I turn back to glance at the small establishment as Parian drifts in and out of sight at the window - apparently locking up. It was still comfortably early-lunchtime, perhaps if I lingered until the end...? No. If I was spotted, it would raise too many questions about why I stayed for so long.

A flash of orange and blue emerges onto the roof of the building before bounding off at an angle. Newter.

I eye the challenge sheet.

I really shouldn't.

But was there ever going to be a better way to understand the modifier? Newter wasn't a Master, his drugs weren't truly addictive if PHO was to be believed, he couldn't take my memories away and I needed to get a deeper understanding of this modifier rather than just the educated guess of the Cauldron agent.

"I'm so stupid." But at least I know it. "Challenge."

An instant later, I stand on a balcony overlooking some kind of theatre. Newter stands alone in the middle of the room. No crowds. No notable activity.

Was this even that different from a CAGE modifier? I suppose I was at least given the theoretical possibility of a sneak attack this way, even if I didn't have a way to actually make it count at this stage. Jumping from this height without a power to save me from the fall would kill me, so any offensive option would be limited.

Unless my power was both the attack and protection from the fall. Glory Girl's forcefield protected me from all sorts of impacts. What was the difference between a car and the ground, fundamentally? I take Vista's power, shrink all of the space I can manage in a straight line out far over Newter's head. I flick my jeans out lengthways into the space and then freeze them.

Was this really the best I could do? Probably, yes. Unless there was an amazing weapon under a seat somewhere, the only way I expected to overcome his minor Brute rating was with a massive, gravity-assisted blow to the neck when he isn't looking. One big running jump takes me far out into the centre of the room, an indelicate arc that takes me-

-takes me a little too far. Actually. I crash down heavily, practically disintegrating the seat just a few metres over from Newter. His response is immediate, and even if I fend off his supernatural speed for a moment longer with my shadow state - there isn't anything more I can do to stop him from grabbing my throat the moment it ends.

FAILURE​

Stars. Rainbows. Puppies. Open mouths, brimming with fangs widening and widening ready to devour-

I shake my head, the hallucinations already fading.

Hint: The DNGR modifier indicates that the scenario will conclude with an imperfect reset that will allow facets of the opponent's abilities to be able to linger once the challenge has concluded, depending on their nature. This modifier is also applied by default as a warning in scenarios where the target can create or cause a situation where the simulation is impossible to end, or where they can arrange a situation where the challenger's psyche is damaged so thoroughly that a reset cannot recover the damage. Be cautious!​

I nod blearily. Words. Words. Words. I'd read them. Understood them. And...

Nope. Head spinning too much to think about that just yet. I was pretty sure that I was right though. The bulk of the effects seemed to have left me almost immediately. He, like, totally knocked people out just by touching them - and yet here I am. I giggle to myself. Here I am! Jazz hands.

Not feeling that great though. Definitely, some side-effects still, even if the hallucinations had stopped. Might throw up in my helmet. That would be bad. Better if I took my helmet off first- no, wait, let's go change back into my school clothes first. That was way smarter.

So much smarter.

I'm a fucking genius.

I jump onto the next building.

And fall three stories down onto an abandoned dumpster.

"Jesus fucking christ!" I push myself up with a groan. This smell wasn't doing anything for the sickly feeling. A little better than before though, somehow. Just like I said, with the physical drug gone from my body - all that was left was for my body and brain to sort through all the funny signals and realise that it was fine. Totally peachy. Completely radical.

Did I just say radical? That's whack. Whack? That was cringe.

Fine. I'll concede that my mental faculties aren't the best right now. I'm obviously not going back to school like this. I'll just... linger outside until I'm better. Which means I need to get there first, obviously.

"Are you dead?" A bearded man approaches me.

"Not so!" I spring up. "Minor mistake. Nothing to worry about. I was more than aware that I'm not feeling at the top of my game, so I was extra-focused on doing the right things that I usually do - which in this case, was keeping my shield up. Unfortunately, I was so pleased that I was remembering to do that - that I forgot I need to be in my speed-state to jump across buildings. Whoops!"

Probably didn't need to explain all of that. Oh well!

"Right." The man says slowly. "You one of them Capes then?"

"Yessir I am!" I enthuse, already calculating how I can climb back onto the roof. I shift into my speed-state, properly this time.

"...got any money?" I flip him off as I leave. A practical blur onto the nearest window, scrambling up a drain pipe and then out across the city.

Getting back to Winslow was a piece of cake. Getting back to my stash, not so much. A pair of homeless guys had made the place their temporary home, and I didn't really want to handle them. Or be visibly high in my 'Greg' persona. I'd have to just wait. Burn off some energy, lap the school a few times and wait for my brain to start thinking smart things again. Like thinking about the challenge I just did. Or the hint. Or what I should do for the rest of the day. Or anything other than flitting from thought to thought like a coked-up squirrel, while fully aware that I didn't want to be doing that.

Was a coked-up squirrel even a good metaphor? I wasn't sure, I'd never seen one or heard of one - but in this city, it would be pretty easy to find out, right? We had all sorts of rodents, we had all kinds of drugs - I'd be able to name the exact combination of the two that I felt like in just a few hundred tests.

Laps. Let's get back to laps. One lap around the edge of the school. Now, another. Three laps. Four- oh! Hey, it's Sophia! I needed her challenge, so kind of her to come to me! "Challenge."

"Sophiaaa!" I practically sing as I skip towards our usual meeting point. "There you are! My silent avenger, our dark knight. The one we don't need, but do deserve- something like that I think... what was it?"

A steady, incredulous blink. "Are you trying to piss me off, or are you just high?"

"Both." I blurble happily. "Had a run-in with Newter, trying to burn off the happy chemicals before I go undercover again." A crossbow bolt pierces my thigh. "Ow! Actually, wait that doesn't hurt that much." I charge at Sophia in response. "I'm invincib-" Stars. Actual stars, this time. Not just the flying bits around the edge of my vision.

"So fucking lame." Sophia grouses. "Here I was, looking forward to beating the shit out of you again - and you're completely useless. Any of the Nazis over there would be a better fight."

Thunk. Thunk. Thunk. Thunk.

I blink blearily as I find myself pinned, spread-eagled against the ground. "Is this the part where you violate me? Not gonna lie, I've imagined this exact scenario before except it was the other way around and there were handcuffs instead of crossbow bolts."

"For the record, you deserve this." Her heel drives into my balls.

"Ouch!" Actually, that didn't hurt. But it would, eventually. "What was that for?"

"Bleeding will help your body get back to normal faster." She replies shortly.

I pause. "Really?"

She shrugs. "Maybe."

I take that in. She just wanted to hurt me. "Bitch."

She kicks me again. "See? Feeling more like yourself already."

"I came here to get the support of my best friend, my favourite Cape-" I lie through my teeth. "-and this is the abuse I get? See if I ever come back to fight you again."

"Quit complaining." She snorts. "You should be grateful, you think you could hold a conversation with me right now if I just killed you and shoved you back into the real world?"

"I am holding a conversation with you!" I protest. She ignores me. I think about it. I think some more. "Oh, shit. I'm talking to Sophia!"

"Obviously." She drawls.

"Outside school!" I flail. Ow. That hurt a little, actually. Maybe don't move that much. "Shadow Stalker! She noticed how awesome I am, and came to investigate in costume!"

"And you're about to humiliate yourself completely, probably blow your identity in the process and generally look like the complete fuckup that you really are. Sounds about right." Sophia nods wisely.

I give her a withering look."Why are you so bitchy today? What did I ever do to you?"

"Maybe it was a while ago for you, but the last challenge for me was about a second before this one started. I'm allowed to hold a grudge." Fair. Maybe I should stop prodding her on that one.

"...I'm not apologising." That's all I have to say on that front.

"Good." That's all she has to say in return.

Sophia was weird sometimes. "Well. Seeing as I'm not in much of a fighting shape anymore, what with me being pinned down and defenceless - why don't you help me brainstorm how I can get out of this situation? I'll have less opportunities to fight you if I get arrested!"

"Who says that there's even a situation to get out of? Do you think this is my problem? Or do you think that my personality and feelings match those of the Sophia in front of you in real life?" She takes off the mask, just to sneer at me properly. Different haircut. Slightly younger. Right. Not the same one. "We can't sit here having an imaginary conversation until you get what you want."

"You aren't exactly her, but you aren't too far off. A year at most." Probably less than that, assuming that this EVNT was based off of Armsmaster's successful capture of the vigilante. "You should at least know the best way to deal with her without causing the PRT to cause a scene."

"Would the PRT be involved?" She attempts to twirl the hockey mask on her finger. Badly.

"Why wouldn't they be?" I respond. Clarity was starting to sink in as I dug deeper into the problem. Newter's brief touch wasn't lasting forever. Good. "A strange Cape is prancing outside the school where a Ward is attending, and now the Ward is confronting them - of course they would be there."

"Only if they were told." She jabs a finger at me. "I can't speak for her, but if it was me - I'd go and beat the limp-dicked fucker up myself rather than involve the paper pushers at all! So unless I've changed, or unless the PRT found out before I did - it's just me to handle."

"...can you be bribed?" I throw out haphazardly.

"Bribing a hero? Sounds like a crime. Great excuse to shoot you." She smiles, and I can't tell if she's fucking with me or not.

"Open to a conversation?" I make another attempt. God. These crossbow bolts really, really hurt. What the fuck, Sophia? My balls too! Why?

Don't give her the satisfaction. Grin and bear it, until you die. Just so she knows she didn't accomplish shit.

"Stop pussyfooting around." She looks annoyed now. "Were you committing a crime?"

I make a face. "What? No! Probably not. Maybe disturbing the peace, at worst? Is that a real crime? Can you trespass if it's just on someone's roof?"

"Who knows?" Maybe the vigilante? I keep my mouth shut. "Whatever. It's broad daylight, you haven't done anything obviously wrong - I'm obviously just coming out to see the fucking loser in the dorky outfit that I haven't met before. If you don't want to fight, then we won't. If you want to walk away, then you can. Not exactly hard to grasp is it?"

"True, true. You're a proper hero now. Can't go assassinating every stranger you see that looks at you wrong." I nod sagely. She kicks me again. "Fuck you! Why?"

She ignores me. "That's beside the point though. I'll actually concede that I've enjoyed these sessions more than I thought I would, way better than just shooting the same old nazi and waiting for you to do something interesting. So, let's call this returning the favour: Why are we talking like this right now?"

"What?" I echo dumbly.

"Why are we talking, instead of you crying about how you can't stop me or catch me?" She fiddles with her crossbow. "What did we do that let us talk like this - to have a genuine conversation. A heart-to-heart?"

I shrug as best as I can, with both arms pinned to the ground. Ow. That hurt. Don't do that again. "Endlessly repeat the same scenario?"

"The worst thing is that I can't tell if you're being dumb intentionally or not." She sighs. "We understood each other, came to an arrangement that better suited us both. I can't just let you win, but I like doing shit more than I like fancy words and delicate speeches. We fought, and we fought. And now? I wonder, between your little girl-toy and the 'me' here and now, which of us can truly say that they know you best?"

"You." I concede the point. "If only because I don't see the need to hide anything from you." Taylor wouldn't be quite so pleased to hear about half the conversations that happened in here. "What's your point?"

"You can't beat me." She says simply. "You aren't good enough right now to clear this challenge. You won't get any acknowledgement from the real 'me' just by these simulations alone. But if you still want that reward, then you already know what I'll respond best to." She raises her crossbow level with my head. "So. Why don't you stop fucking around and make your mind up about what you want to do? If you want to run, then just run. If you want to talk, then just talk. And if you want my respect, then you know how to get it. Now, fuck off. - and next time, you better be ready to make up for this bullshit."

Thunk.

FAILURE​

Icy-clarity returns to me. Drugs long-gone from my system. A reset. A perfect reset. Was that all that was needed in this case? Simply challenging something else to reset me properly? Perhaps I couldn't assume it would always be the case or even be a safe option for mental effects, but it was good to know.

I smirk to myself. I wonder if Sophia even realised that, in a very roundabout way, she said that she respected me? Certainly not. I'd throw that back at her next time and watch her seethe.

"-stening to me?" Sophia's voice cuts across the rooftop. "I said, what the fuck are you doing here? Who are you?"

"Ah, Shadow Stalker." I tilt my head at her. "I'm Void Cowboy. A hero. I'd say it's a pleasure to meet you, but I don't really see any need to get along with the PRT's lapdogs. I find being a vigilante suits me best for now."

She'll be fuming at that. The full-face mask saves her from knowing that I know, but her clipped response comes out steadily despite the fact that her face is probably scrunched up like a lemon at the moment. "Whatever. I'm asking what a loser like you is doing fucking around outside a school. A whole bunch of losers are lining up to try and take pictures of you as you go past, it's too much attention. You think that the PRT won't snatch you up just for trying to showboat?"

I know what you're like Sophia. You rant way too much for me not to know your true feelings. "I'll be sure to avoid that. It would be a shame to be handicapped like you were. Should I take it that you haven't called them down on me yet then?"

"Not personally." She crosses her arms. "But that doesn't mean anything. Anyone could assume you were doing something illegal with you running around like that. They'll probably send someone to investigate soon, even if you are supposed to be a hero." The air quotes? Really?

"Don't pretend you don't know who I am. Void Cowboy? I had an announcement thread and an AMA just last week." I sag at the ensuing silence. "Whatever. I assume you go to Winslow too then? That would explain a lot."

She bristles. "Wrong kind of question to be asking, even implying that you're trying to track down a Ward can get you fucked over." She pauses. "And don't imply you go here too, I don't want to know about it - and trust me when I say that the PRT working out your identity is fucking shit."

"Well, I'm afraid it gets kind of obvious thanks to my powers. I'm a Trump, so I sometimes get weaker versions of the powers from people in a wide area around me. It doesn't tell me who does and doesn't have powers-" Technically true, I had to find that out the hard way the first time around. "-but it's kind of obvious when I get a shadow-related power in the middle of class." I shift into my shadow-state and back.

That got her attention. And if she's anything like the other Sophia, she'll be annoyed as hell about it.

"I'll admit though, I'm kind of curious as to how it compares to the real thing. I'm just here to burn off a bit of energy, so if you aren't here to slap me with the law or give me a speech - then why not join me in something a bit more entertaining?" I grin behind my helmet. "Wanna fight? It would be cool to see how I measure up to a Ward, and I'm not the type to go crying to the media if I get a bruise or two. I've got a reputation to maintain."

She considers me for a moment. "You know what?" She snaps her crossbow back into the holder. "First smart thing you've said so far. Let's go."

Bitch. I said a whole heap of smart things just now, you're just so dumb they went over your head. "Let's get out of the public eye first. Try not to make it too easy for me."

"Oh, believe me." Sophia threatens. "That won't be a problem. You can go through ceilings?" I nod. "Second building on the right, the floor under the roof level. I'll meet you there, and I'll beat some much-needed humility into you - out of the goodness of my heart."

I smile. Ah. Violence. The true language of love.

Let it never be said that I wasn't a romantic.

--

AN: Surely there is no way I'll disappear for six months again before posting another update. Surely.

I'll update the challenge sheet... later? Did I even get around to doing it last time? I might have a bit of catching up to do. I sort of spellchecked most of this, but I've lost my settings on Grammarly somehow because my entire screen is lit-up with complaints about how I use commas - so I just gave up and pressed send.
Last edited: Jul 30, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Wyndser and 903 others
Tamzar
Nov 16, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Sixteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Feb 19, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,443
It takes us no time at all to meet at the spot she highlighted, far from the prying eyes of the public.

It's a briefly pleasant surprise that she doesn't ambush me the instant I drop in. The version I was familiar with would have taken the opportunity for all that it was worth, but actions had consequences out here in the real world - and for once, that went in my favour. She doesn't stay still for long though. We're both here to get the measure of the other with our fists, and neither of us is keen to delay or tiptoe around that fact.

From the moment we first trade blows, there's one immediate, noticeable difference between the real Sophia and the version I had been fighting so far: This one hit harder.

It was obvious when you think about it. Somewhere between six months to an extra year to grow, gain muscle and practice fighting with and against other Capes under professional supervision - it would be more of a surprise if she wasn't noticeably better than her counterpart. The rough, brutal fighting style had become slightly more tempered and refined, taking full advantage of her power and relying less on her counterpart's more brutal methods of gaining an advantage.

But unlike against her younger self, I had my own powers available to me - I hadn't agreed to any restrictions this time as payment for luring her out to face me, nor would I expect the real Sophia to accept such an offer even if I did extend it for whatever reason. We split apart from the initial exchange of blows for a moment. She doesn't offer even a word of complaint at the shadowy pile of ash squaring up next to me, a stoic confidence in herself that I already knew was well-earned. From her perspective, she had little to fear from a melee 1v1 or even 2v1 - she couldn't know yet that my clone would disperse after a single, good hit but she wasn't concerned even if it stayed around.

Her mask turns slightly towards my clone. "I did hear that you clashed with Oni Lee the other day. You'll spook some of the paper-pushers, getting his power only off of a single fight like that." She settles into a fighting stance, not pulling out her crossbow yet.

"It's pretty inconsistent, I guess I haven't worked out the trick to it yet." I respond airily. "Oni Lee off of a single fight, sure - but I went and rubbed shoulders with some Wards at an event the other day. Ran around all afternoon, shaking hands and having conversations - I only got Vista and Clockblocker. What's up with that?"

"Should you be telling me this?" She challenges me.

"Are you going to tell me that what I did was wrong?" I throw the question back.

"Depends on your perspective of things." She closes the gap first, body leaning forward as if to tackle me. My body remembers faster than my mind, one arm coming up to guard my side on the same side as her trailing leg. The impact rocks my body only a moment later, as the kick almost seems to materialise next to my arm at full speed.

Not getting me with that one again. She'd gotten better at concealing it from the front, but the motions were the same - she used the rest of her body to shield her trailing leg from my line of sight, disguising the fact that a large portion of the lower half of her body had already dissolved into smoke. Which, naturally, enabled her to reposition that smoke faster than I was used to. It was one thing to see her disappear into smoke, and understand that an attack from any angle would soon be coming - but quite another to react to the faintest whisper of smoke from an attack that was already wound up and rushing towards me, materialising into the physical plane as it went.

My clone attempts to tackle her while I attempt to trap the leg, both of which she avoids with contemptuous ease - only dipping into her power long enough to fix her awkward footing from the failed attack. Her knee smashes into, then through, my ash clone as it falls to the ground to a leg-sweep.

"Depends?" I prompt her again as she gives me a considering look.

She pauses, then seems to shrug. "From the perspective of someone who doesn't want to die to Lung within the week, probably a pretty smart move if you didn't want to just sign up with the Wards. From the perspective of someone that just wants to do all they can to do some good in the city, I get it. I'd do the same thing. Take what you can get, right?"

"I sense a 'but' coming." I phase through her next punch, my cloud rushing forward into her personal space - latching on to her armour as a grip to hurl her towards the floor. I skip away without looking to avoid retaliation, already knowing that she would never allow herself to hit the floor so early and easily in the fight.

By the time I turn around, she's already standing again looking completely unfazed. "But the paper-pushers won't see it like that. Most of them aren't interested in being effective, just in looking good to the public. You might think that you're doing well and have people on your side, but they'll just drag you in front of a court and say 'This young, foolish boy deliberately and unlawfully utilised his power against unaware heroes doing charitable work. This power could have had any number of unknown effects...'" She stops talking only long enough to reform her face as my jab passes through it harmlessly, handing me a solid strike to the knee in return that glances off harmlessly. She drops the deliberately overdone nasal tone. "-and then they threaten you with jail for 'reckless power use' and tell you that vigilantism is illegal, effectively pressganging you into the Wards. They aren't looking to be understanding or reasonable. They think that they're doing the right thing by being sticklers for the exact letter of the law or skirting around at its edges because they tell themselves that they might be saving your life by doing it."

She doesn't comment on her failed counterattack. Did she notice? I pull back for a moment to let Glory Girl's shield recharge. I didn't intend to keep it a secret, but I wanted to make a good impression here. And I knew her well enough to know that to make a good impression on her involved beating her black and blue. Every hit I landed would give me a bit more respect and legitimacy in her eyes, and spilling all of my skills right from the start would just result in her dodging everything and beating me down from a position of absolute safety rather than getting involved in a constant back and forth.

"I'm well aware of what the lawyers at the PRT would say." I smile behind my mask. "I asked what you think. You were pretty similar to me, once upon a time. Used to follow your sightings online when you were pinning Nazis to walls and leaving them for the cops to find."

"I was way better than you." She seems annoyed by the comparison. "Giving people some bruises and leaving them in alleyways might sound like a fun time, but you didn't make a blind bit of difference in the long run. I went to the centre of the Empire's territory, terrorised them for weeks and had the entire gang roaming the streets in groups all scared of the nameless Cape in the shadows. There's a reason none of the gangs cared about you even weeks after you first appeared."

"Oni Lee is in prison now, I don't think I ever heard about any Cape fights between you and any villains until two months after you first became a Ward." I adopt an innocent tone, which only serves to bait her into attacking me again. This time, it isn't one powerful attack to attempt to end the fight from the perfect angle - it's a flurry of jabs and blows, individually weak but difficult to counter when so many simply passed through my guard in a rush of wispy darkness. Not materialising on the other side, thankfully - even though I knew she was capable of that in a pinch.

She snorts. "Blind luck, and you had a partner. I could have beaten most of the Empire Capes myself if they walked around alone or I had a good partner to work with." She dismisses my argument as my helmet finally absorbs a real hit, then another - I backpedal to safety, flailing against her ineffectively even as I condense air to the right side of me. The shrunken space never looks that strange in the heat of the moment, so Sophia doesn't notice the ploy until one of my waving arms nearly doubles in apparent size as it stretches through the tunnel of warped space to smash into her mask-protected chin. She stops chasing at that hit, passing her own hand through the space I swiftly vacated and watching her fingers seem to stretch. "And I can see this is going to be annoying."

"Wouldn't want you to get bored." I quip. "But anyway. Chalking all of my efforts down to luck is a bit much, isn't it? You're bruising my pride here." I circle to her left, keeping just out of her range. "And you didn't answer my question again."

"I did, you're just too dumb to read between the lines." Sophia matches my cautious circle. "It's obvious that you should be trying to get stronger any way that you can. Even before you picked a fight with the ABB. And if they're in their hero costumes, they're fair game - I'd say it's hard to blame you for how they decide to interact with the public on official business. Little different from a patrol, really." She steps back for a moment and drops her guard. "Stop for a moment, that reminds me. You're a new cape, so maybe you don't know. When it comes to secret identities, it would be a completely different story-"

"Unwritten rules, I'm familiar with them." I nod in understanding. But not acceptance. I was a bit past that point now. It was always doomed with this powerset. Well, perhaps I could have put some moral code on myself to only tag people in costume once I knew they were a Cape - but even if the thought had occurred to me back then, I think getting killed a few dozen times would have beaten that spirit of fair play out of me.

"Better be. Just saying it because sometimes it gets really, really obvious when you get to know the Cape well." She grunts, flexing her arm out to the side and back again. "Anyway, as I was saying, even if the PRT would disagree it's probably best for you to look out for yourself in this case. There have been two other vigilantes out of Winslow that I've known about, one of them died three weeks in and the other got crippled by Stormtiger and left town shortly afterwards."

First I've heard of them, which was rare - considering that I had my finger on the pulse of Cape news most of the time. "Friends of yours?"

She snorts. "Fuck no. Just stood out from the rest because most of the time, kids in the shit side of town go crawling to the gangs first chance they get. They didn't get far, but I can respect the attempt to do something. If they'd been smarter, or strong enough to back up their talk, Winslow would be practically crawling with heroes compared to most of everywhere else in the city."

Maybe that said something about what a cesspool Winslow was. Most schools, Arcadia excluded, would count themselves as among the truly special for having any sort of Cape hiding in their ranks. Capes were rare, on average. Perhaps the general low-budget state of affairs, combined with the overwhelming dominance of the gangs over the nearby areas, made the perfect conditions for a trigger?

Or, were they like me? Cauldron... I'd made the effort to root all the way to the bottom of the conspiracy hiding in the depths of the internet, but nothing said that they couldn't choose to reach out to people on their own. What use would a Cape be all on their own in the middle of the countryside? If they had to make one, best to put them into a target-rich environment and see how they fare. Was that the right logic? You wouldn't find the next Eidolon, or the next Butcher or Fairy Queen if all they did was rescue cats out of trees.

Just how prolific were Cauldron's operations? If it weren't for a few very public, very well-documented triggers I would be half-serious about asking if the idea of triggers was just a smoke-screen to disguise the fact that all Capes were in Cauldron's pocket. As it stood, what was the real ratio of Cauldron Capes to genuine triggers? One percent? Ten? Fifty?

I return to the subject at hand. "Too late for that now. If nothing else, I'd like to consider myself a bit smarter than them - and, without being too arrogant, my power has a lot more potential than the average D-lister that makes up the worst of the fatality statistics."

"You're really going to claim that you're smarter after prancing around your school like that, days after you ended up right at the top of Lung's shit list? They know you go to school here now. Don't go acting too surprised if you try taking the same route tomorrow and you find a group waiting for you on a rooftop with more guns than braincells between them." She's actually a little amused, you can tell by the slightly less scornful tone in her voice compared to normal. "To say nothing about why you would even think that's a good idea anyway. What were you even hoping to achieve? The only crime happening around here in this time of day is inside the school, all you're doing is acting like an attention-seeking clown." She gives me a suspicious look. "Or is that the point? You want to provoke a fight? Are you stupid?"

I wasn't stupid! I prided myself on my intelligence. At worst, I'd admit that the occasional poor decision might cause someone to say that Wisdom was my dump stat - but outside of roleplaying nobody would want any hypothetical points in that anyway. I was fine with that label. "I wouldn't quite go that far." I couldn't exactly deflect the accusation by saying that I was simply burning out my temporary insanity that had been induced by my power deliberately refusing to mitigate the effects of superpowered drugs flooding my system when I lost a fight in my head. "Although, I wouldn't be that opposed to a meeting if he decided to show up. It's the kind of thing I could benefit a lot from, and I'm-" Absolutely confident and proven multiple times over. "-fairly confident that I could get away from Lung safely if it ever came to it."

I can tell that she's rolling her eyes, even without seeing them. "Of course you want baby-Lung powers. Starting to see why you're so suicidal now. Your power rewards you for putting yourself in stupid situations-" Not quite correct, but it matches the story I'm going with. I nod. "-but even if you achieved that. What does it matter? Based on what you've shown me so far, what's shown up online about you-" So she has been searching me up. Knew it. "-you're just not cut out to be a serious combat Cape. All of this work that you've done, and you aren't even the strongest grab-bag in the Bay."

I furrow my brow. Not the strongest grab-bag? What was the alternative? Armsmaster? Did Tinkers count if they built the tech to qualify for a sub-power rating? No, surely not.

I furrow my brow more. Miss Militia? Noctis Capes wouldn't count either, surely.

Who else-? Oh. I crack my knuckles threateningly. "The fucking clown?" I pull myself up to my full height to demonstrate exactly how offended I am. "There's no way you just said Circus is stronger than me." Even Parian had better feats than Circus. Velocity had better feats than Circus. A skilled escape artist, true. But she was dead-last in the Brockton Bay power rankings for a good reason.

I can sense the smirk behind her mask. "Seems pretty close to me. She-" She hesitates on that. One of the great mysteries of the Bay. A cross-dressing boy, or a cross-dressing girl? I'd seen the curves in what little footage we had of her, but nothing that couldn't be attributed to a bit of padding. "They are pretty good when backed into a corner, and better at not getting into that situation in the first place."

"Half of their powers barely even qualify as superpowers." I protest. "You're just saying that to get under my skin. I'd easily win that." Eventually. My power might give me a shit scenario or three to start with, but I'd still win before long.

"I don't think you'd protest so much if you didn't know that it was true." She raises her fists again. "Look at all you've done already. You seem to have gathered yourself a nice group of powers already and you're still taking hits from me. Not exactly the next Eidolon, are you? I'm almost going to feel bad for you when you stumble into a cap on the number of powers you can hold, or run into a range limit away from the person you loaned them from."

"It's too early to say something like that." I protest. "You've met me for all of a few minutes, and you're already trying to write me off? I expected a bit of jealousy, don't get me wrong - but isn't that a bit much?"

She rears back. "Jealousy?" She shakes her head, now stepping forward into my range - easily avoiding my initial kick aimed to stop her advance. "Don't be ridiculous."

"What else am I supposed to think? I'm going to have to get used to that kind of reaction, that's the nature of a power-copier. Nobody wants to see themselves get one-upped." I catch her fist and shove her back, weaving backwards as she rushes me again - my ash clone practically disintegrating as she moves through it, dismantling it in several strikes emerging from her shadow state without revealing her full body. My interest sharpens as she pauses her advance for a moment as she tries to pass through it, stepping back and returning to her physical state for long enough to observe my clone dissipating. Interesting. I hadn't even considered that as a possible interaction - but perhaps the rapidly-fading traces of ash that my clone left behind were a weak counter to her power for similar reasons as pepper spray. It didn't seem painful, so perhaps not something I could rely on to take her out - but if it was enough just to force her to leave her shadow state, that would be a useful tool against her.

A high kick passes through me harmlessly as I shift to shadow. She leans into the spin, coming around a second time right as I phase back in. It rockets into me as I try, and fail, to duck under it. A heavy hit, and I'm grateful for the fact that this particular variant on the costume has some real head protection over the scarf/hoodie combo that I've been trying out recently. Nothing beats a proper, full-face helmet for head protection. More importantly, that was a new trick. Haven't seen her do that one before. Maybe another inch or two of height makes it more viable compared to her younger self, or maybe it's something she learned to do in the Wards. Doesn't matter.

"Don't talk about one-upping me when you get hit by a perfectly normal kick. That's just insulting to me." Sophia doesn't let up, but has to break up her next attack as she steps a little bit too close and allows me to get a grip on her costume and hurl her to the ground again.

Good. The progress I had made learning to fight her challenge-self still applied here. Some new tricks, but I could still catch her out. Still push her into defensive uses of her power. Maybe ninety percent of the time, she gets the shift in time - no damage. But that last ten percent was what was letting me push the challenge further and further every time. The times when she doesn't see the attack coming, or doesn't quite phase out before some part of her collides painfully with the floor.

Or, when she does phase out successfully, forgets that I have a constantly respawning clone nearby that she's forgotten about - one that respawns faster the quicker she kills it, an unintuitive quirk that she hasn't worked out yet. The best thing to do would be to leave it alive for a solid minute or more, then take it out and enjoy the next minute of pure 1v1. By being her usual blender of shadowy violence every time it drifts in between us, it becomes available again mere seconds afterwards. And now it's piecing itself together behind her, it's sole command already issues at the instant of creation.

I don't have it hit her head. Helmet or not, I wouldn't want to risk anything permanent on an unaware target. Instead, Sophia squares up in front of me only for a full-body, flying kick from behind crashes into her centre-mass. I don't hesitate to drive forward myself, fist burying itself into the surprised heroine's gut. It sinks in with a satisfying impact, even as the armoured padding makes my knuckles pay for the privilege - and then she disappears in a flurry of shadow once more. I can't stop the kick from behind to knock me off balance, but the immediate attempt at twisting my arm behind me is aborted as my clone lunges at her again - almost hitting me in its haste.

I dismiss the clone as Sophia backs off, apparently it had survived the impact of its own attack and was going for another attack based on my original command - but having the clone active too long would only mean more downtime when it was eventually destroyed. Quick bursts of usage were best. I let some of my grin seep into my voice as I regard the still form of my opponent, warily holding her guard across from me - slightly hunched over with more distance between us than usual. "Time for a break, perhaps?"

"In your dreams." The voice is a little strained. "Don't start thinking that one cheap shot like that is enough to keep me down."

Of course she would say that. Good to see that some things don't change. "Well, I hope you're happy to hit a defenceless guy while he's down then." I sit down deliberately. "It's nice to have some low-stakes sparring with someone, but it would be rude of me to just take advantage of you after a hit like that. It would cheapen the next hit I land if you were still winded. We can just talk for a bit, can't we? Civilised people that we are."

I get a begrudging grunt as she heads to the nearest unbroken wall, dropping down to lean her back against it. "Whatever."

I've lost track of the conversation. "What were we even talking about?"

"You were on some bullshit about being stronger than me, and then your face got kicked in." She chips in helpfully.

"And then you got folded, I remember now." Surprisingly, that doesn't send her raging back to her feet. She really did mature a bit since her vigilante days. "Anyway, I didn't mean it like that - believe it or not, I have an immense amount of respect for your capability in a fair melee and I don't expect to beat you without tricks anytime soon." She seems slightly mollified at that. "I mean, it might happen eventually - but I mean more in the case of... these powers, people generally went through some pretty traumatic stuff to get them, right? It feels like something they earned, a part of them that they put time and effort into training. Having someone just run up and take it, then maybe even do better with it - it's bound to be a tough swallow for some."

"Fuck them." Sophia is as eloquent as ever. "And don't include me in their number. If you're stronger, then that's it. You're stronger. Nobody is going to tell Alexandria to hold back a bit because Glory H- Girl looks bad in comparison. If Glaistig Uaine wasn't so fucked in the head and wanted to help at Endbringer fights, they'd probably have fed her everyone in the birdcage and cheered her on regardless of the optics or any concerns about 'permission' or the merits of the death penalty." She leans her head back against the wall. "Not that I'm saying that you're anywhere near that level, or ever going to be, but the attitude should be the same. If you're strong enough to take it, you take it. If you're too weak to handle any fallout, you deserve to get beaten down for trying. You can't let other people decide what you are."

I doubt that she'd be quite as agreeable if she realised exactly what my powers did right now, but I couldn't help but feel that this was the next-best thing to getting her approval of what I was doing. In an... ideological sense.

I peer at her challenge sheet. Three minutes and fifty two seconds to stall before I got another attempt. One here, two more in my following classes and then perhaps another attempt at the end of school? One period was usually two short to sneak in three attempts, but catching her a little earlier or later was enough to make the cooldown timings work out. At this level, at least. I didn't have a watch in this outfit, but this was... probably fairly close to the end of lunchtime already, but being a bit late to class never hurt anyone. Especially when the entirety of the class in question was 'continue working on your coursework'. Anyone could catch up on that whenever they liked. I was guessing Sophia felt the same way, based on her lack of urgency to leave.

I stretch my neck, sighing loudly. "An inspirational speech. Your time at the PRT has clearly paid off."

She flips me off. "Fuck you."

"And here I thought you were starting to warm up to me." I push myself to my feet, not making any immediate moves as she mirrors me - evidently recovered from my earlier hit.

"I like your attitude." She leans away from my punch, not bothering to shift as she continues to talk. "Maybe not the impression that you have about me enjoying my time with the PRT." Knew those comments would tick her off. An angry Sophia is a talkative Sophia. And a talkative, angry Sophia is the only type of Sophia willing to be genuine with a stranger. "And definitely not the word-vomit that comes out of your-"

She pauses.

"-mouth." She tries to continue her sentence, but something in her tone is off. She seems to be considering me, looking up and down with an appraising look. She looks like she wants to say something, but cuts herself off. "Forget it, it's annoying."

"Problem?" I query.

"I said forget it." She scowls at me. "You're a much better conversation partner when you aren't talking."

"Doesn't quite sound right to me." I raise my fists into a guard. "But I get the sentiment."

Taking the lead to move first, she winds up a punch. A fake, Fake-Sophia telegraphs her feints like that too. But what was the trick this time? I keep my guard up, looking for the usual switch into a kick or leg sweep - only for her to actually follow through on the punch, shifting into her shadow state at the last second to adjust her hands around my guard into a steady grip on my arm - giving her leverage to pull me forward into her rising knee. My own shadow-state lets me slip free and right myself, but she's already back within my guard the moment I come back to the physical world. We flail into each other for a moment, my punches aimed not at actually damaging her - but forcing her to break off her own attacks or disincorporate for safety. Strikes at the head when she briefly reveals her upper body for leverage and vision, matching punch with punch - knowing that she would back out of a trade if our fists would collide.

She has the advantage in this exchange and she knows it, pressing forward ceaselessly - knowing that at any moment, I'll fail to respond properly and get sent sprawling across the floor.

And then my Echo rockets into her face at full force, point-blank range - drawing a shocked grunt of pain and forcing her back completely for the first time as she attempts to work out what just happened. I don't let up, following up with a flurry of punches and kicks - trying to capitalise on the moment while she is still off-balance. She's still reeling from the impact, but she manages to turn aside the incoming punch without resorting to her shadow state, only barely stepping out of range to avoid the next roundhouse kick. I continue chasing, but the moment is already gone - she regains her bearings and allows my blow to pass directly through her, while her still-solid arm rockets around into the side of my head.

I give an unfazed grin as we both back away, Sophia clenching and unclenching her fist in pain. "Glory Girl?" Not a question. The only invisible forcefield in the Bay that could have stopped that last attack.

"Mmhm." I give a pleased hum in response. There was something to be said about the idea of hiding everything from the heroes, but the nature of my powers wasn't really something that could be hidden when pushed. They were too iconic, too limited to disguise them as something else the moment I got in a serious fight. I'd already settled on the path of distant cooperation, not least because of the fact that I genuinely did want to be on their team - or, perhaps, for them to be on mine. It's just that I was aware that such an ideal would probably only be possible when I was the undisputed 'leader' of the team. Until then, I was going to have to play the egotistical, overconfident vigilante.

"But not something you can have active all of the time, or you wouldn't need to pull your attacks for the sake of defending. A last resort." Sophia muses. "Weak versions of the power, you said? If it's still strong enough to turn aside a fist, then there aren't too many other ways to weaken it other than uptime."

"There's a lot of difference between blocking a fist and blocking a bullet the same way Glory Girl does." I counter, leaving the power active to bring the shield back up for next time. "Keep guessing."

"You're a terrible liar." She circles me. "No. It isn't always active. Your punches would feel different if they had a forcefield over them, they feel nothing like hers - and they'd be so much more effective if they were that you clearly can't do that."

"Not all of my powers are created equal." I match her circling pace. Quietly, delicately, I shrink the space between our lower legs using Vista's power. "Some of them are just better than others. Yours, for instance. I rely on it a lot, but someone like Clockblocker rarely has a real chance to shine. My version of your power is pretty strong, no obvious downsides-"

"One second." She interrupts.

Damn. "What?" I pretend to play dumb.

"The time limit. One second at a time. Consistently. Every time you use it, that's how long it lasts. Even in cases where you would obviously want it to last longer or shorter, you don't get to choose." She sounds smug at my sour silence, calling out to me as I scrounge around on the floor nearby for a suitable response. "Don't tell me you didn't think you could hide something that basic from me, about my own power - no less?"

I throw a pebble at her, it passes through her harmlessly - but serves as a valid excuse for me to dodge the question and resume fighting. My leg sweep into thin-air, already pinched together by my discretely distorted space, sweeps her off of her feet - the graceful eruption into a black cloud as she hits the floor is expected, my ash clone forming and diving into her cloud to force her out of it. Not to try and work her into a compromising position, she was too agile for that from this position - but simply to force her to react and focus on something that wasn't me as she turns solid.

Plink.

The second rock ricochets off of her mask, my ash clone dissipating into nothing as Sophia quietly executes it with a crossbow bolt clenched in her fist. The first true weapon of the fight, though she makes no effort to take her crossbow out alongside it.

"That's never going to beat me, you know." She calls out. "A rock? Really? What are you even trying to achieve?"

I glance up slightly, to the timer by her head. A few more minutes to get another attempt. "I mean, it's just a friendly little spar to get to know each other. It's a statement. If I can predict you and hit you with something as slow as a thrown rock, I could have shot you with something as well."

"My power is pretty good about kicking in on its own when bullets get involved." And knives too, whether she knew it or not. Some kind of damage threshold to activate automatically - something to test more once I get past her current challenge. She crosses her arms. "And don't go thinking that you actually got the better of me, you're not the only one holding back. I could have nailed you to the wall before you even noticed I was here if this was a real fight."

"I didn't doubt it for a second." My laconic admission doesn't appear to improve her mood. "And I appreciate the information on your power. Hope my version does that too, but I'm not really keen to test it." Not my current version at least, but perhaps at some point I could count on it as a backup to Glory Girl's powerset as a passive defence against ambushes and surprise attacks. "I'll let you know if I ever have the bad luck to find out."

She grunts wordlessly. "Do that. It would mean that you fucked up badly enough that you need help desperately."

"Oh?" I tilt my head. "Careful, it almost sounded like you were offering to help me out there. Anyone would think you're going for a rebrand of some sort. Edgy, brooding goth chick turned to a tsundere, genki-girl sort."

"Tsoo- what?" If looks could kill, I'd be reincarnating as a termite right now. "I don't get it, but drop dead. If you get yourself killed with my power, it just makes me look bad. That's all there is to it."

"So you say, so you say." I earn a scowl for my obviously-fake, appeasing tone. "But if that's the concern, me just using your power badly and having any defeats recorded for the world to see would look bad for you too - wouldn't it?"

The reply is blunt. "Your point?"

I wiggle my eyebrows. A pointless gesture, but it felt right even if the expression was hidden. "I wouldn't be such a terrible embarrassment of a Cape if I had a veteran Cape showing me the ropes. The occasional sparring session, maybe a patrol or two at night."

"...is this your way of angling for a date? Not interested." She tries to shut me down.

"Not a single romantic thought crossed my mind." I tell her. A half-truth, perhaps. While I was genuine, the additional chances to challenge her and closer proximity might lead to something happening a bit faster than it would otherwise. "To be honest, I have a similar arrangement with another Cape right now - but we don't exactly go out every day. The PRT knows about Oni Lee, but we've been pretty active even before then. Thing is, I'm the one teaching her the ropes - so far all I know, I'm just passing on bad habits."

"If you want a mentor, why not go to the PRT? They'd fall over themselves to have you. And your friend." Not an outright refusal. Good.

"Help from the PRT comes with strings attached. My friend doesn't want to join the Wards, and I, well - we've already touched on what my intentions are. I think I'm better off without my every movement being monitored to make sure I don't stir anything up." I smile. "On our own, roaming the shit side of the Bay - it offers a certain degree of freedom away from prying eyes. You're obviously sneaking out to pound some heads every now and then anyway-"

"Wards don't perform any patrols outside of those scheduled." There's an undercurrent of tension in her words there. Oddly stiff choice of words. Very un-Sophia-like.

I roll my eyes. "Maybe not officially. But getting caught for doing unsanctioned patrols or vigilantism is the leading cause of all disciplinary actions for Wards nationwide. I've seen the stats - and those are just the ones dumb enough to get caught. They give you a slap on the wrist and move on. You're going to tell me that you're nothing like those guys, you're actually a goody-two-shoes following the law to the exact letter? You don't want to get your boots dirty?"

She's slowly getting more irritated by my prodding. "Getting pulled over the coals for breaking some random regulation is annoying for me." She replies shortly. "It doesn't really matter what I want to do."

"That's not an answer. That's just saying it's a pain if you get caught. I'm saying, you don't have to show up as Shadow Stalker and start announcing your presence on every front page the next day." I cross my arms. "I mean, I get it. Everyone knows that Armsmaster chases you into an alleyway one night, you disappear off the face of the planet for a week and then debut as a Ward. I guess he threw the rulebook at you and he kind of counters your powers. But they can't make it illegal for you to just be around the city. You don't have a tracker on you, it would interfere with your powers-"

"Why do you think that?" She plays dumb.

"Tried to walk into a few walls that I shouldn't have walked into." Not even a lie. It wasn't how I found out, but I can chalk a serious number of defeats down to my shadow-self walking into the mains electricity where I had hoped to just find concrete and plaster.

She winces. "Hm." At least she doesn't try to deny that weakness any further. "That can't have been pleasant. My sympathies." That sounded genuine. To be fair, the memory of shared pain would do a lot to establish a bit of empathy. I imagine that Sophia's first discovery of the issue was a lot more painful than mine. At least I had known in advance what getting unlucky with the wiring would mean.

"I got better." I cough. "Anyway. No tracker, except in your phone or perhaps your actual costume. There's no reason that you can't don another disguise, or venture out in your civilian identity and mess around a certain location with friends." Trump card time. If all she needs is an excuse... I had one lined up. "Especially because of the deniability you get. After all, in the poorer parts of town there isn't much solid surveillance footage to worry about. And if you're hanging around the same kinds of areas as me, then any momentary sightings of a shadowy figure turning to smoke mid-battle can be blamed on the other person with that powerset." I tap myself on the chest proudly.

She pauses at that. She hadn't considered that aspect yet, clearly. "I'm listening."

I grin. "There's not that much to it. Think of it as a trade. You get to show me-" I pause. Was this a good idea? The potential for it to blow up did exist, but maybe laying some groundwork for an amicable relationship was what they needed before the truth came out? "-and my other partner the ropes, a bit of sparring practice. Especially for her, she doesn't really know how to fight - and I don't really enjoy fighting girls."

"Could have fooled me." Her dry voice reaches me as my mind catches up with my mouth.

"You don't count." I wave a hand in the air. "You know. You're... strong." That was the best way to diffuse this. "I wouldn't like fighting you if I had five Brute powers and lightning rushing through my limbs either. As it is, I'm not going to feel sorry for someone likely to beat me in a fair fight with all our cards on the table. But my partner can't throw much of a punch at all. Kind of- scrawny isn't the right word, but not exactly a wall of muscle. And her power is to drop enough bugs on you to fill this entire room - so a with-powers fight is deeply unpleasant, and a no-powers fight is completely unfair."

"Sounds like a liability." Sophia grunts.

"It's easy to say that unit you see the bugs in action. It's a bit hard to describe how effective they are properly." I bite my lip in thought. Probably best not to leave that first impression to fester, wouldn't want Sophia to act in her usual way and cause Taylor to blow up. "And regardless of her personal skills in a fight, it's been good enough to send the ABB crying and she had a big role in taking down Oni Lee. Even if she's not at her peak potential right out the gate, I think it's even more admirable that she's trying with what she has. The attitude matters, right?"

She mulls it over. "Fair. That doesn't mean that I won't run into the same issue as you. I'm not holding back even if I don't use any powers. Every fight's going to go the same way for her, just as it would if you did it. Wouldn't call myself a great teacher either. If she runs off crying, I'm not chasing after her."

Halfway to acceptance already. "I don't think that will be an issue. She's stubborn when she wants to be. And she's better off learning from you than me. I win half my fights because my powers are good in melee, and the other half because I'm a guy that had a big safety blanket in place when I started getting real experience in fights." She'd assume that I was referring to her power, but I wasn't lying. The challenge system couldn't have made it much safer, once I realised what was happening. "I can't teach either of those things. You can say the same for the first part, but for you - the other part is that you put effort and practice into training and becoming skilled."

"Flattery will get you nowhere." Lies. You're a sucker for compliments, you'll just never admit to it. "But I'll admit, I'm interested. Maybe I'll check you guys out, maybe I won't."

"If nothing else, we'd love to have someone else around to crack heads with." That was the part that she was probably interested in the most, after all. "You'd have to lose the crossbow, because otherwise it would be obvious that it's you-" I tap my body, indicating the lack of obvious weapons. "-but I figure you might enjoy the workout. Even if you like the solo gig, when was the last time the PRT let you bust a drug den? I don't mean to brag, but we're pretty good at finding them."

"I said, I'll consider it." Yep. Definitely got her hooked. How different would this conversation have gone if I hadn't already known what a combat-junkie she was via her challenge-self? Probably terribly. I'd have tried to put on a PR-friendly face, tried my best at sucking up to her and get shut down immediately. Maybe a threat or two about setting the rest of the PRT on me before she left. True, I knew she was a bit of a bitch - not entirely in a bad sense - via her real-life actions, but I don't know if I would have been able to translate that into something positive here on the first try. The irreverence, the casual disregard for the effectiveness of her current organisation, the chafing against the rules holding us both back from doing something about the gangs, and, of course, the universal love language of struggle, violence and strength.

Our impromptu meeting lasting this long wasn't an accident. I had her interest. And, along with it, some semblance of respect.

"You can grab me on PHO if you're interested. I'm guessing you won't be using your official account, but I'll try and spot your message in between the waves of fanmail." She gives a snort of disbelief at that. What was so unbelievable about that? Sure, most of my notifications were people flaming me for my awesome takes on some random thread or another - but it was obvious that I had real fans out there. Every moderately famous person had them, even if they were openly terrible people. My fans, clearly, were simply the type to mind their own business.

Sophia glances out of a crack in the building towards the school. "Another round." She decides.

"We'll be late for classes if we don't wrap up soon." I hum.

"As if you and I are ever going to need anything they have to teach us." She flexes her arms to the side. "We'll be Capes until we die. One way or another, our jobs are already decided for us. Nobody ever really manages to step away from the scene without dragging their powers into their lives somehow. Just a question of who it will be that ends up doing us in. My money's on an Endbringer myself."

"That's a dour outlook on life. Perhaps not entirely wrong in sentiment, but I have no intention of going down easily to anyone." I eye her challenge cooldown again. Fifty-four. Fifty-three. Fifty-two.

"Who said anything about going down easy?" She scoffs. "Just being realistic. I'd like to think that I'm too difficult for any run-of-the-mill villain to take down, but I'm not arrogant enough to think that I can outrun Behemoth when he decides to put a lightning bolt through my chest."

"You're still being a downer. I'll take out all three of them, and you can just start planning out which retirement home you want to be put in. Deal?" I wiggle my eyebrows through the helmet.

"...you have no idea how much I want to pull my crossbow out and shoot you right now." She groans. "Maybe you would actually get fanmail if you turned into the strong, silent type. Zip your mouth shut, stop posting on PHO and people might actually start to like you."

I think of all the times that her other-self has ended a conversation by pinning me to a wall, the ground or just executing me from afar. And then the times where I said or did something that annoyed her enough to maintain the grudge into the next challenge, and assassinate me from almost the moment I spawned in across the street. "I think I have a vague idea, actually. Best leave it though, or I'd have to go all-out as well."

Eight. Seven. "You think that would make a difference?" She sounds doubtful.

"I know it would. I'm a tricky sort of guy right now. We didn't get to beat Oni Lee by being stronger than him or anything. I'm absolutely confident that I've got more than enough tricks to beat you a single time - even if you did have that crossbow to hand."

"I-"

Zero. "Challenge." I whisper the addition as she starts to respond, and the building disappears in a flash of light.

"Back already?" The other-Sophia doesn't take long to come and find me.

"You know me. Don't know what's good for me." I wave. "Though I'll admit, not sure I should really have bothered. Maybe there's a certain amount of Sophia I can handle in one day. I mean, this is my third, fourth separate conversation with some version of you today? Maybe two more yet to come? I'm thinking I should branch out, look for some variety."

"Shame about your personality, or you'd be falling over yourself for all the people wanting to talk to you." She smirks at me. The helmet left behind already.

"This is what I mean. That abrasive personality isn't doing you any favours. Madison is a fun conversation partner and is only slightly condescending the entire time. I can say one nice thing about Taylor in front of Emma and she'll have her knees halfway to the floor before I'm done talking. But you? It's always violence and barbed comments. Don't get me wrong, that's hot as well, but it wears on a guy over time - you know? I need a break from it now and then."

"I guess you're still talking with her now then. You've been restraining yourself from saying anything crude this entire time, haven't you?" She sounds amused. "And now you're here to blow it all on me instead. Kind of pathetic to be honest. Talking shit behind someone's back is one thing, but flirting with someone behind their back? Grow some balls."

"With your tendency to make a target out of them, that sounds like a dangerous idea." I shrug. "And I wouldn't say I'm doing it behind her back, I'm flirting with a different version of her. It's different."

"It's weird. And I'm not the sort that can be seduced from my objective. I'm a simulation. A memory. Not a person. My sole objective will always remain unchanged, just like every other challenge you've faced so far." She crosses her arms, an unconscious mirror of the other Sophia's typical talking pose.

"Preventing me from winning?" The silence I get in return is unexpected. "No?" She says nothing. "No. Huh. Really? What is it then?" Silence. "Not allowed to answer that? Or not going to?"

She shrugs. "It would usually be to do my absolute best to stop you from winning. Without the presence of a REAL modifier, nothing would be more important to me than stopping you from completing the challenge." She taps her crossbow idly. "Here though? A duel to the death isn't the point of the challenge. An indirect route isn't out of the question in any challenge, nothing wrong with a bit of pre-battle banter if the simulation allows for it - but words matter here. Personality matters here. Sometimes, all that's being tested is a raw matchup of powers and cunning in certain situations. But not here."

"The rules seemed pretty clear to me. Restrain you. Don't let anyone die." I drum my fingers against my leg. "And unless you're willing to let me slap some handcuffs around you-" A shake of the head. "-then it seems to me that you're in opposition to that."

"Indirectly. Shouldn't it be a safe assumption that I wouldn't just blindly agree with what your objectives are? This isn't supposed to be easy." I scowl at the answer. "That's just the part I have to play. The only one failing their part is you."

"The EVNT modifier." I conclude. "I know how this night is supposed to go. Armsmaster comes in, zaps you once or twice and carts you off to the Wards."

"Is that what you think?" I pause at the non-answer.

"It was, until you said that." I admit. "There wasn't any footage of the fight, but the result is public knowledge."

Sophia sighs. "If only you had a witness around you could ask about it."

"Like you?" I point out.

"It's not supposed to have happened to me yet. You already know whose place you've taken this time, you should know what night this is for me." She dismisses me. "At the very least, I haven't lied to you. Even if your assumption about 'why' is wrong, the solution is just about strength in the end."

"Strength you won't get to see if I don't get to use my powers in our fights." I phase out myself to prove the point.

"An agreement I only agreed to, because that's what I would have done. A fun distraction on a boring night, beating the shit out of another Cape that needs an ego check - thinking that they can handle me without any powers? What a joke. The nature of the challenge might have swayed my decision-making towards trusting you and weakened the consequences of it going badly, but the real Sophia would have felt the same way I do." She leans in. "Equally, if said Cape decided that they wanted to change their minds and use their full powerset... then I would have ditched the arrangement on the spot. Eager for a fight, but not stupid or arrogant."

I breathe out heavily. "So I need to break our arrangement to win?"

"You could, theoretically, win without powers." She admits. "Might even help, unless you've lucked into the perfect anti-Sophia powerset. But not as you are now, you're not strong enough for that."

I don't mention my discovery about the ash-clone fucking with her phasing. "We're talking in circles here-"

"I agree. Let's stop doing that." She shoots me in the leg. It bounces off harmlessly as Glory Girl's shield winks out. She gives me a wary stare.

I raise my hands into the air. "I've gotten into the habit of leaving that on. Forgot to deselect it." I admit. "What's with the cheap shot anyway? We had a perfectly good conversation going!"

"And I already told you where to go for answers if you really want to get inside my head. I'm a copy. Go talk to the original if you want a big speech. Or do you expect me to hold your hand while you learn to put two and two together, like a stupid baby playing with blocks? There's nothing special about this challenge. It was all laid out for you right at the start." She shoots me again. This time, I manage to dodge away before her finger has fully tightened on the trigger. "I don't know where you got the impression I was interested in helping you defeat me and drag me off to the Wards, but I'm rather opposed to the idea."

I raise my hands in surrender. "And I'm just saying, nobody said you had to join the Wards. All I have to do is put you in cuffs. You could leave again afterwards if you wanted?"

"All you're actually saying is that you didn't understand the assignment. It's pissing me off." She jabs a finger at me. "I'm not talking about this for another second until you've had that conversation, and you actually understand what you need to do to win here. Now. Hands up. You promised to make up for that disaster of a round last time when you decided that I was here to provide a free detox service. Only one way to settle that debt."

"I still have yet to hear a credible reason why you can't just tell me yourself." I argue. Silence. I sigh, bringing my hands up into a guard. "And here I was hoping for a break from you trying to beat me to a pulp."

"Tough shit." The first fist floats through my guard, and our battle begins once more.

FAILURE​

One day, all of my efforts in there will pay off. I'll beat her senseless in her own arena. Give her a taste of humility that she so desperately needs.

"-would like to see you try. In fact, I'm all for it. I won't use my weapon, but you can use whatever you like. You win, I'll come and beat up your new girlfriend, show you how to actually be a pain in the ass for the gangs. You lose, I'm out of here. Not interested." The real Sophia continues her previous sentence. Didn't miss anything. Nice.

In truth, the challenge version of Sophia wasn't a massive mystery to me that I needed to solve now. An idle curiosity, one that might need to be solved before I could move on to a later challenge. But I was still getting value out of our sparring sessions, although, if I could get the real, improved version as a sparring partner that value would rapidly decrease.

And I couldn't ask her now. Now was not the time to ask about her humiliating, crushing defeat a year or so ago. After we'd gotten more comfortable with the other. Had a session or two to get to know each other, I'd bring it up then.

For now... best make good on my earlier promise. "Dirty trick incoming then. Don't start getting angry or say I didn't warn you." I pause. "And, for the record, I'm going straight to get changed and get to class after this. I'm not hanging around."

"Get on with it." She makes a rude gesture at me. "Go on, what is it? Clockblocker?"

"Worse." I reach into my belt pocket with both hands. A slight tearing sound is the only giveaway as a prepare my attack. She tenses, ready to dodge. What was she expecting, a grenade? I had nothing so fancy, where would I even find one of those?

I check my weapons as best I can without revealing them, then drop into my speed-state. Sophia seems content to allow me to come to her, making no move to rush me - curiosity outweighing her desire to win.

I rush towards her with Velocity's power. She phases through my lunging attack, but I simply maintain my flurry into the cloud - waiting for her to decide to reform. She'd recognise Velocity's power, remember that it was largely useless in his hands and then... I easily dodge her counterstrike, returning to my ineffective rush of punches that fail to land on anything meaningful. Careful, so careful, never to make contact with the tips of my outstretched fingers.

Her head finally reforms. My fingers lunge at the slits at eye-level, the tape squares easily separating from my fingers as it finds a new surface to latch onto - one rapidly smoothed over and pressed into with my full weight behind it. Not as impressive as it sounds when I'm in my speed-state, but how much strength do you really need to smooth down some tape over a flat surface?

Good enough to win a challenge for me, good enough to work in real life. It was hardly my fault she didn't use some kind of visored helmet with more visibility. A basic eye-hole like that was easily covered, and that tape wasn't some dollar-store knockoff that would come off in just a swipe or two of her fingernails. That shit was expensive. I'd tried piercing it with a kitchen knife and found it to be surprisingly tough, and simply scraping it off was frustratingly hard as well and just tended to leave a messy, sticky gunk behind rather than any neat removal that could just peel away. I step back, leaving my speed state as the effectively blinded heroine flails to try and catch my hands or counter my 'attack'.

About a third of the way through the paralysis brought from deactivating Velocity's power, Sophia seems to realise what I just did. Her fingers come up to try and peel the tape away, then nails try to penetrate through it. It's not effective, and before she can try anything else - I'm already on top of her. She phases out of my grasp, but my ash clone rushes into the cloud and starts to dissipate. She reforms again, and this time, my tackle takes her to the floor - each of my arms used to pin down hers, and my full body weight pressed down on her torso.

I take the opportunity to admire the excellent things our brief moment of exertion was doing to her chest. Sometimes armour could really ruin a sight like this, but the costume department had definitely managed to keep the female element in the design. I'd rather be in this position without the costume in the way, but I still seemed to be a way off from achieving that. Simply being appreciative in the meantime was the best I could do.

Sophia, for her part, almost seemed frozen. Not even straining against my arms or trying to break free. Guess I caught her by surprise, or that losing has just sent her mind into a soft reboot.

"Yield?" I prompt.

That seems to start something. "I-" She swallows drily, before the slightly high-pitched tone shifts to something annoyed. "This doesn't mean anything. That wouldn't work twice. And not in a real fight."

"Why wouldn't that work in a real fight?" I challenge. "Do you have a different mask for those?"

"It's ridiculous!" She snaps.

"It's preparation. No shame in losing to that. Plenty of Capes in the Bay that can be blinded like that." She doesn't seem to get any less angry. Or, is humiliated the right word to describe her? "I did warn you I was going to use a dirty trick. And if you're confident that it won't even work again, and you want to prove that to me..." I stand up. "Then you know where to find me, don't you? See you around, Shadow Stalker."

"Wait, get this-" I don't wait. I'm out of the nearest window before she can even finish her sentence.

Goddamn. I'm so fucking cool. I wish I had recorded that.

She'd be able to get back to class if I left her like that, right? I'm moderately sure that tape wasn't coming off without a suitable tool, I hadn't left any corners to pull it off - and I doubted that she had something to cut around the eye holes that easily. She'd have to take the helmet off to try and put her bolts to work, but she wouldn't do that unless she was one-hundred percent sure that I had left the area - which she couldn't easily verify now.

Well. She'd be fine. It wasn't a serious setback. At least the delay meant that I'd be back well before her. Us arriving late to class at the same time might look a little strange in the eyes of the other person.

In the end, Sophia arrives a full twenty-minutes after me with an absolutely thunderous expression on her face that has the teacher pause in their automatic recrimination of her tardiness and instead murmur for her to take her seat at the back of the class quietly.

And, to my slight consternation, I spend the remainder of the class with the unshakeable feeling that a pair of eyes were digging into my back.

It's probably nothing.


"Greg!" I pause in my retreat from the classroom. Taylor rarely had a good reason to call out to me, especially at school.

"Taylor?" I echo in response. "What's-" What was with that expression on her face? "-up?"

"Yeah, Taylor. What's the matter?" Out of nowhere, Emma appears at my side - snaking her arm around my waist possessively with an unholy light in her eyes as she eyes up Taylor with a knowing grin. "Something I can help you with? Because we're best friends again now?"

"We're not best friends." Taylor grinds out. "And I wasn't looking to talk with you, for any reason. Get lost."

Emma lets out a fake gasp. "So cruel! And after everything dear, sweet Greg here did to convince me that I was wrong about you. All that effort he put in to encourage us to take a momentary bit of pity towards you and offer our hands in friendship, wasted because you just couldn't help but hold a grudge over some schoolyard squabbles."

"Funny way of characterising it. Even if I was crazy enough to trust you were genuine, which you clearly aren't, I would hardly call shoving me into a locker full of diseased trash something as simple as a petty squabble." She sneers back at Emma. "You've made it pretty clear that all he is to you, is a way to get back at me. I hope you feel so accomplished right now." Taylor turns to me. "I want to talk. Without her around." For some reason, the anger in her voice was directed at me as well. By Emma's utterly gleeful demeanour, I'm entirely sure that this is somehow her fault - but if nobody was going to volunteer the information, then I suspected that I wouldn't get any results if I asked.

I open my mouth, only for Emma to beat me to the punch. "So egotistical of you, Taylor. The world doesn't revolve around you, you know. My relationship-" She drags out the word deliberately. "-with Greg has nothing to do with you. I'll admit, he's been very, very passionate about trying to convince me that you aren't just a complete waste of oxygen - and we've had plenty of long, hard conversations about the best way to go forward with you in our project group." She smiles. "You aren't exactly known for your reliable contributions to those, so we're both well aware that we've got some long, sleepless nights ahead of us."

Taylor's expression darkens with every sentence. "Are you even listening to yourself? Just throwing yourself at him purely to spite me? You aren't fooling anyone, not even your own friends. And why? Because I've spoken to him myself a few times? There's nothing between us. You're whoring yourself out over nothing."

Emma smirks. "That's right. There's nothing between the two of you. Nothing at all. Glad you realise that." The smirk widens. "And let me tell you. It's so lovely to see how little it bothers you. Maybe I accidentally leaked a few private details, but I didn't think that you would take it so maturely! It's unexpected, I really thought you would throw a tantrum knowing your utter lack of maturity in basically all aspects of the word." She leans forward. "And don't even try to talk to me about 'using' people. I'm sure it's hard to appreciate, but this is just what having friends is actually like. I suppose you wouldn't know, but I won't hold it against you."

This might escalate to murder if I don't interrupt. "Girls! Please. There's no need to make a scene in the middle of the hallway."

"That's right, Taylor." Emma sneers. "Why don't you just run along-" I check both sides of the corridor. No witnesses. My hand comes down on her ass. Hard. Emma turns ramrod-straight, eyeing me with a faint expression of shocked disbelief that I just did that.

Not quite sure why. If anything, it was a step down from blowing my load all over her face after school. Maybe it was the fact that there was a witness this time, but what was she really going to say? After talking the way she had been?

"That applies to you too, Emma." I fight to keep the smile off my face as Taylor's face wars between a smirk at Emma's disbelieving expression and a darker expression that was aimed at me. Strangely, the darker expression was winning. I wouldn't call it jealousy, I was only on her fifth challenge out of eight - she shouldn't be aiming to throw herself at me until I had beaten six or so. A good friendship, some flirting here or there in the right situation. Maybe it would be right to call it jealousy, but not entirely of the romantic sort? She clearly considered me as a friend of sorts, and saw Emma as a threat to that. "Didn't you say just the other day something about how you had no reason to be insecure about me talking to Taylor? Time to back that up. A short conversation alone isn't going to do any harm."

She gives a dismissive huff. "Fine. But you had better make it up to me later."

Taylor watches her go with a faintly murderous expression, before turning to me. "I wanted to talk with you-" She checks that Emma is gone. "-about her, partially. Greg. You know that she's using you. You know that, right? I refuse to believe that you're dumb enough to not realise what's going on." She takes on a tone that almost sounds like pleading.

I shrug. "Obviously. But does it really matter? I'm using her as well. It's not like I'm about to declare her my lawful wife. I went into that little deal to keep them away from you for a good reason, and even if they don't really care about keeping me away from you anymore - we're still getting the benefits out of it. I don't want to see you getting bullied, I'm sure you don't want that either. I've been watching, they've barely touched you since this started. A few snide words, but isn't it an improvement over before?"

She looks like she wants to say something else, but cuts herself off. "You don't need to do that for me. I never asked for that. If it really is about me, then think about how I feel? One of my only friends-" No need for the 'one of' there Taylor. You aren't fooling anybody by talking in plurals, there's just no need to dress your social life up. I accept you as you are. "-is running around with the person that hates me the most in the entire school. I don't care if you say it's for my sake, I don't want that! If it's really about sparing my feelings, then break up with her already!"

"I'm not her boyfriend. We aren't like that." I wave her off. "Don't read too much into it."

Now she looks hurt. "You're really going to sit there and lie to me? I'm not stupid. I can only look the other way so much, especially with Emma flaunting it as much as she does." She crosses her arms. "There's only so many times you can run off into an art closet and not come out for twenty minutes before it starts getting suspicious."

Sounds like I'm missing some context here, but I'm getting the impression that she's aware of our little trysts around the dark corners of the school. Which is... fine. It's private, but not a huge secret or anything. The bigger question is how she knows that. She can frame it as simple observation all she likes, but those rooms were abandoned. I'm always pretty careful about that. Her power, presumably. Could she sense through her bugs yet, like the later versions of her challenge-self could? No, surely she would have mentioned that on our patrols. Perhaps she was just tracking both of our positions with a bug like she usually did on patrols, then noticed that we were getting a bit too close together at certain times. Even if she couldn't use their eyes and ears- antenna? How did bugs even sense things? Whatever. Even if she couldn't use those yet, if she had some tiny bug hidden in Emma's hair, there would be no disguising the motions the girl was getting up to relative to me.

This kind of insight into our activities, even in areas of the school she would never usually visit, was a bit of a giveaway that she had powers. She clearly wasn't thinking rationally enough to disguise that, I should probably be flattered that she already cared enough about me to try and rescue me from Emma's insidious, feminine wiles.

"I don't really know what Emma is saying or doing, but I'm serious. I'm not saying that we've never fooled around here and there in a... physical way-" The stricken look that crosses her face at the confirmation makes me feel a little bit bad for her. Nobody wanted to see their only friend and worst enemy get close like that. But if I could work through one of her challenges or two, I was pretty sure I could restore their friendship by uniting them over the things they had in common. Me. That wasn't that far off, so this was just a bit of temporary pain for her. "-but she isn't my girlfriend. It's kind of a friends-with-benefits situation. I could go and try to score with, you know, Madison, or someone - wouldn't be an issue. Because we aren't together." I let a smile touch my face. "There's an idea. Maybe I could go three for three on the Trio, I bet I could get them to fully back off of you then. Wouldn't that be a trick?"

Somehow, she only gets angrier at the idea and my added context. "And there's what it is really about. Sex. What do years and years of friendship and trust mean if you can get your dick wet with some sluts that are willing to put out? If they're hotter, why even pretend to keep Taylor around - give yourself the tiniest excuse possible to leave her behind and move on to someone new? 'Friends'." She scoffs. "Are you even listening to yourself? That's Emma. How can you even sit there and try to say that being her friend is fine? It means more than that, and you know it! You're supporting her better than she could ever manage alone!" Bitterness creeps into her voice. "Is it too much to ask for you to just be honest? You prefer Emma now. I get it. I'm not bothered by it."

"You sound bothered by it. But you're not being fair here." I protest. "I've-"

That might have been the wrong thing to say. "I think I've been more than fair, trying to look the other way. Trying to think of any possible explanation other than you choosing to side with them." She interrupts, talking over me with a raised voice. "I just can't stand the fact that you're doing it behind my back! I wouldn't even be angry if you had just admitted it up front, but you just keep claiming that it's temporary or that you're being practically forced into it for my benefit. I genuinely wonder what you might have said if I'd just walked in on you two. 'Oh, it's so terrible - Taylor! Emma just tripped and fell onto my erect cock! How could this happen?'" Her scornful tone drops. "And the worst part? It's that I actually believed you for so long. I was ready to believe you again just now! I wanted to believe you! I didn't want to think that you would somehow think it's okay to betray me as well, or that you thought I was too stupid to notice."

I blink. She's really angry about this. Seething. Furious. Just what did Emma even do? I had no doubt that she'd been stoking this fire for things to get to this point, but wasn't this a bit much?

I rub my forehead, thinking of the best way to explain this to her without making her completely lose her mind. She's taking this personally, in the worst possible interpretation possible. She was thinking that I had permanently decided to hitch up with Emma - which, in fairness, was true - but she didn't really know that! I intended to include Taylor as well! If anything it was Taylor's fault for having such a difficult set of challenges to clear. Facefucking Emma wasn't a betrayal of Taylor, it was just that she was a natural part of my Winslow harem! I genuinely wanted the two of them to be the best of friends again, and what I was doing was actually an important step on that path.

The reality of the situation is that with the facts that Taylor has, namely, our solid friendship and my solemn word of promise - she should be giving me the benefit of the doubt here. I'd never given up on her before, was it too crazy to ask her to do the same for me? It didn't matter if she was correct about me lying, because she thought I was lying about something entirely different - which indicated a lack of trust in me more than anything else. A blind assumption that I couldn't be trusted, that I'd happily choose the worst possible outcome for her if it meant I could get with Emma. I could try to sympathise, a normal guy might be tempted down that route. It wasn't like Taylor could know about my plans for the biggest, most unreasonably-sized harem that the world had ever seen - nor that my power near-assured me that I would get it so long as I lived long enough. With her self-esteem the way it was, could I blame her for her assumptions?

Maybe not. But that didn't mean that I couldn't blame her for taking it out on me. Without being too humble or egotistical, I'm undoubtedly the only good thing in Taylor's life right now. A real saviour figure. If I hadn't stepped in, she'd be utterly alone and still cowering in the toilets hoping that she could make it through lunch without being found. The reason she had the time and safety to spend her lunch break stalking Emma and I around school was because of me. The reason she had both a friend and a Cape partner, me. The reason she didn't look like some villainous goon from a cartoon on her first night out, me. Training and showing her the ropes of heroism, me - especially with the potentially prophetic visions of where her future might have gone via the bank challenge. Improved grades? Again, that was me - stopping the bullying and sabotage. Even the group project, as much as Emma would love to ruin her contribution in front of the teacher - at least, whenever we get around to actually working on it - I'd be there, protecting her again and making the two work together.

Hadn't I extended my hand of friendship dozens of times, only to get rudely refused when she was too stubborn to take it - even at her lowest point? I'd never once been deterred by that attitude. I'd never, ever given up on Taylor - and here she was, at the very first sign of doubt, ready to give up on me. Even if I could understand it, could understand that I didn't know what had led to this outburst - and could understand that she had a very incomplete picture of what was really going on...

...it kind of pissed me off to hear.

Calm. Try and be rational about this. "Taylor, stop." I reach out and take her hands, bringing them firmly to my chest. "Listen to me. I know you hate Emma. I know you find it hard to trust me. Hell, I'd find it hard to trust me. I'm a guy, guys make bad decisions while horny - everyone knows that. So I know where you're coming from and why you're doubting me, and I'm not mad or angry at you-"

"Oh, you're not angry at me. That's good." I wince. Sarcasm on point. "Everything's just fine in that case."

"Stop that." I scowl. "I was really trying to be diplomatic there. Why don't you just tell me what the issue is? Okay. I'm fucking Emma. It's not a committed relationship, but it's happening. That doesn't mean I lied to you. That doesn't mean I don't care about what happens to you. We're still friends-"

"Are we?" The two words cut me off. "Because I think that someone who really called themselves my friend, should know that there are some lines you can't cross. That you can only push my suspension of disbelief so far before it snaps."

"Why do you even care?" I hiss. "Listen to yourself! A few months ago you were flinching at every shadow. Every day you would get tripped in the hallways. Your schoolwork would get torn up. Your clothes would be ruined. Your reputation was in tatters. Your textbooks would get stolen. I tried going to the teachers about it, and they did nothing. So I went in and fixed it myself. And you know what? It wasn't all negatives. I don't mind the positive attention, but don't start pretending that I went into this just because I had a crush that I couldn't let go of." I jab my finger forward at her. "You're sitting there screaming at me, your one problem - the only problem you have, apparently the worst thing that has happened to you in literal months, is that your friend happens to be getting laid while he saves your school life. And you know what? I never heard a 'Thank you' for it. Never got a 'Wow, thanks for caring'. Not once. And you know what? I didn't mind. Because I know that kind of thing is hard for you. I didn't expect you to praise me, but I didn't expect for you to start calling me a traitor for it either. So, compared to a few months ago - just what is so bad about the way things are?"

"You aren't even listening to me. Those petty, tiny little things didn't bother me. What does a juice box or two even matter the next day? I get tripped, so what? I was handling it. What's changed now, is that my best friend has been stolen away and doesn't even see what's wrong with that." Is she crying? She's crying. I look away, suddenly somewhat uncomfortable. "You don't appreciate it. You don't even understand how much you mean to me. The one, sole person is this school that I actually like. The one conversation I look forward to every day. The one thing I have to get me through the day, that's what I lost. And you don't even see that! I keep telling you that you're worth more than the rest of it to me, and you just can't stop yourself. You go chasing after her anyway, no matter what I say. And now it's over. You've taken her side, even if you didn't fully intend to. This-" She furiously wipes her eyes and continues. "This is exactly what Emma wanted. She's gloating to herself right now, just around the corner. That coldhearted bitch calculated the absolute worst way that the two of you could hurt me. And succeeded. She really did." She smiles, an empty little thing surrounded on each side by tear tracks. "Congratulations. You did it. You made me cry. I hope it was everything you dreamed."

"You're making me feel bad here." I scratch the back of my head. "Listen, I'm no good with emotional speeches-"

"Making you feel bad." She echoes emptily. "Sure. Don't worry. I'll try to avoid that in the future. Because you know what? I'm still here. I don't need you, you've shown me that now. You can go to Emma, guilt-free - knowing that I can take whatever she dishes out. And whatever you dish out as well. I can handle it. No need to juggle excuses or claim how self-sacrificing you are, just... drop it. There's no need for us to talk anymore." She turns on her heel and paces away from me.

"You can't just toss away your only friend like that Taylor!" I call after her. "This is a stupid thing to argue over, and you know it!"

"Stupid to you, clearly." She shakes her head. "But if you think it's stupid to me, then you haven't been listening." A glimmer of a sad smile as she looks over her shoulder at me. "Besides, who said you were my only friend?"

I watch her go, still in a state of disbelief at the sheer scale of her temper tantrum. I was already well aware that she wasn't particularly good at handling her emotions. The lack of social life would do that to anyone. But this? Way too far, over way too little. The facts were on my side here, and that would only become more apparent to her over time as she dwells on the conversation.

I'm happy to admit, I hadn't had the best phrasing there. Some bad arguments, true. Some good arguments, that she had interrupted because I said something that infuriated her right at the start of it - she had never really given me a chance to argue my case. I'd put some real effort into being as suave, smooth and devil-may-care as possible - an attitude helped by the endless simulations and repeated deaths - but as much as that helped with sounding cool and in control, as much as it helped put on a flirty attitude and a brave face in any scenario... none of that helped in the face of a genuine emotional outburst. That whole breakdown... made me feel a little bad. I didn't even know I still had that much empathy. I guess gore, violence, torture and murderous tendencies is one thing, but making someone that I like cry is another.

But that didn't matter. Ultimately, it's up to me to be the bigger man here. Even if she had assumed the worst of me, I could at least accept that I was perhaps twenty-percent to blame. Perhaps even up to a third of the blame could be laid at my feet, if I was to be honest. I could have navigated the conversation better, kept a tighter leash on Emma or just progressed Taylor's challenges faster to the point where a childish argument like this was impossible. I could have been straight with Taylor, pressured Emma a bit more and shown her proof of our flings on my own terms. It was one thing to learn that Emma and I had been spending time together in private, but it would have a very different spin on it if I had broken the news by sharing photos of a submissive, obedient Emma worshipping my cock. The humiliation and increasing degradation of a bully, rather than seeming to join them. But I hadn't been confident on her reaction. Not at the time. If she had been past the fourth challenge when I had considered it, I might have gone down that route - but too late to think about it now.

So, I'd forgive her. Once she came around and apologised, we'd go back to the way things were without a second thought. It might take a while. Taylor was stubborn, and never the type to admit that she was in the wrong - but she would come around eventually.

Two slender arms wrap around my waist. "I'll admit-" Emma purrs from behind me, apparently choosing now as the time to return from wherever she had hidden herself. "-I wasn't expecting such dramatics from her. She's usually the type to just bottle it all up and cry in a corner. I wonder what brought this on?"

I turn to face her with a bemused expression. "Playing innocent doesn't work when you have a smile like that on your face." I sigh. The damage here was... ultimately meaningless. I had been well aware that Emma had been trying to get to Taylor through me, but in truth - I just hadn't expected it to actually work. Maybe my memories were tainted by Taylor's previous standoffish attitude towards me and everyone else, but I had figured she wouldn't consider the threat of me being lured away a terrible loss until I cleared the remaining half of her challenges. It might have been a mistake to assume that, but she would come around. I couldn't just throw my hands into the air and accept the blame, that would encourage Taylor's hysterics as legitimate and just result in another blow-up down the road when my plans for a harem get revealed.

And with that in mind... where did that leave my approach to Emma? She clearly had no intention of spilling whatever she'd been telling Taylor to rile her up in the last period, or perhaps even longer - but did I really mind? It was annoying, but it wasn't like I could say that I wasn't aware that the nasty part of her personality was fixated on putting Taylor down. This wasn't an accident, but an inevitability. The fact that Taylor had taken the bait so hard was unexpected, but it was hard to say that I blamed Emma. It felt like getting mad at a dog for biting something that had been placed in its mouth.

"You owe me." I decide.

"Hm?" She blinks up at me.

"You owe me." I repeat.

She continues to play dumb. "What for?"

"I'm sure that I mentioned at some point that I didn't want to get involved in your catfight." I don't let her step back out of my range right away. "And yet you've dragged me into them anyway. How are you going to make that up to me?"

"Owe you? As if you're actually believing what she just said? If I was just using you this entire time, I'd be moments away from dropping you to the curb now that I've had my fun. Is that what you want?" She challenges. "She's just the jealous, hysteric sort. There's a reason that she has no friends after all this time at school. You're better off without her if you ask me."

Emma was a single challenge away from being fully completed. I'd held off for one reason, and that was her proximity to Sophia and the possibility that going too far, too fast might trigger the suspicions of the Ward. But just because I hadn't completed everything, didn't mean that I wasn't most of the way there. She was a civilian as well, her 'upgrades' weren't gated by power rewards. Every successive challenge had, regardless of the spin she put on our relationship, resulted in her becoming more and more attached to me.

Which meant that I felt pretty confident in pushing. "I'll leave it up to you. You can make it up to me on your own terms, or I'll just... go and apologise to Taylor." I say it with the same finality I use to tell someone I've decided to kill them.

She blinks. "What."

"I said, I'll go and apologise." I reaffirm. "I'll tell her I won't be seeing you anymore, and that I want to go back to being her friend."

"Apologise for what?" She sounds incensed at the idea of it. "You didn't do anything wrong. It's her that blew up out of nowhere just because you have aspirations of losing your V-card without her express permission."

"So you were listening." She has the decency to look a little guilty. "And maybe that's true, but it doesn't change anything. We might not have anything official going on between us, but a relationship is still a two-way street. You can't pull without being prepared to push in return. So I'll ask again. How do you intend to make this up to me?"

"I feel like, long-term, you're only going to benefit from this. I'm sure of it." Emma licks her lips in thought. "But if you're really feeling aggrieved about it and want to take it out on me... We could- we could find one of those abandoned storage cupboards she seemed to know so much about." She shuffles from one foot to the next, a flush of red in her cheeks at the suggestion. "Not as payment. I'm not a whore, but, if you insist that much - I'll concede that this... did put me in the right sort of mood to be adventurous." She tilts her head at me. "Satisfied?"

"What do you think?" I counter with my own question.

"I think you deserve a bit more than what you were probably going to take today anyway." She concedes. She makes a thinking expression. "You know, it might get shot down by the others..." Emma meets my eyes. "But you know how this weekend is a long weekend? No school on Monday? Julia, Madison, Sophia and I usually hang out on the Monday. Show up at lunchtime, hit the town, throw a sleepover, play board games. Stuff like that. Julia dropped out this week because she's camping in the countryside. We could use a fourth person, even if they are a guy. Just to fill out the players."

An entire afternoon around Sophia, with no reason to rouse her suspicions? I was going to absolutely pummel her challenge-self to a pulp in the space of a day. "And your parents won't mind?"

"They won't be around." She shakes her head. "They're taking my sister halfway across the country to check out what universities she wants to go to. It will just be us." Her tongue dabs against her lower lip. "I know where my parents keep the stash of drinks and Madison's been a font of some pretty specific questions lately. Sophia probably won't be interested, but you might be able to sneak a handful of something if things escalate during one game or another. Our last session of truth or dare got a little spicy, who knows what would happen with a boy around?" She leaves the unspoken idea in the air. Three girls, one guy. At least two of them already in my strike range.

Well. Emma might be trying to dangle the possibility of an alcohol-assisted threesome under my nose - which makes sense, Madison has also had a fair number of civilian challenges cleared off. Some curiosity is natural, even if we haven't had as many chances to interact compared to Emma and I. But what's far more important is the number of attempts I could get on Sophia over the course of a full afternoon, night and the following morning. Not limited by Cape appearances. Not limited by happening to catch her at lunch, or the few shared classes that we had. I could challenge her on cooldown, three, four, five times an hour, for the best part of eighteen to twenty-four hours if I could stay awake. I'd happily skip sleep for a chance like that, sleeping in class would be a fine alternative.

The numbers we were talking here... weeks of my current progress, compressed into a single day. One absolutely, exhausting-to-the-bone day given the toll repeated challenges could take, but I didn't mind that. And unlike the last time I exhausted myself doing every challenge I possibly could, I wouldn't be dying repeatedly, which might ease the mental burden enough for it to not be a serious issue.

"Alright." I decide, still trying to play it cool and uninterested. "I'll come."

She looks genuinely pleased at that statement. "Good. I'll text you the details. Don't you dare forget." As if I would ever forget. This promised to be more successful than my original plans of wandering the city aimlessly hoping for that one-in-a-hundred chance that I just happen to cross paths with a patrol at the right time, or stumble across a villainous Cape. Not even my earlier success in dragging Sophia out to join Taylor and I on our Cape outings would contribute as much in the way of potential attempts.

A light tug on my shirt draws my attention back to her as I half-step away. "What now?"

"What do you mean 'What now?'. Don't you wanna, you know-" She nods her head at the wall. "-do the thing?" I give her a blank look that somehow seems to irritate her. "You know? What I mentioned earlier?" A dark flush on her cheeks causes a flash of realisation in me. Right.

"Maybe if we're quick." I hum in thought. "I expect the janitors will be coming around to lock up, so our usual spots might not be as safe as they usually are."

"If you don't want to be quick, they're leaving the gym building open all day so that the sports clubs can still run and get changed. Nobody goes up to the second floor, let alone the third. The cameras only catch people hanging around the equipment downstairs." She ticks the points off on her hand. "The keys are always left on the inside of the door from the stairs, so we could just lock it ourselves. Plenty of places to hide if someone managed to come in anyway. Good lighting, lots of space, showers on every level of the building... sound good?"

"Sounds like you've been thinking about this a lot." I let a smile settle on my face.

She opens her mouth to object, then pauses. "Yes." The sheepish admission catches me off guard. "I mean, finding some time in a cramped closet or toilet cubicle was fun - but there's no space to really... branch out in what we do."

"If you've put this much effort into finding a place, it would almost be rude of me to shoot you down now. Lead the way." I acquiesce to her light tugging as she half-drags me down the corridor and across the school.

It's a short trip, taking us past the field where a few separate teams were clearly doing tryouts of some kind. It's not until we've made it into the building, up the stairs and once Emma has firmly locked the door behind us that she starts talking again. "She made me angry, you know."

"Taylor?" I raise my eyebrows as I enter the classroom, turning on the weaker lights and scanning around. No security cameras indeed. To be fair, there was nothing of value here to protect. A textbook 'extra' classroom that would only really get used once or twice a week when others were unexpectedly closed. I peer out the window between the blinds at the sports teams milling around outside. "I kind of worked that out already."

"Not in general. When she was talking to you. When she's been arguing with me. This insistence that she has that all I care about is her. That you're nothing to me." Something rustles behind me. "I don't want to be like her, so I need to be a bit more honest. Even if it's awkward. I do like you. Genuinely. You're still a nerd. A terrible pervert and everything, but she's wrong to say I only kept you around to hurt her. I'll admit, that was part of my starting motivation - but that changed. I like being with you." The unmistakable noise of fabric hitting the floor draws my attention. "And I want to show you that."

"Wasn't expecting a confession from-" I turn around, doing a momentary double-take at the sight of an utterly-nude Emma kicking her clothes into a pile next to her. "That's a new look for you." I manage. Not my first time seeing a naked girl, but when it was actually someone I spent time around and had gotten to know well - it just hit a little differently.

She flushes. "Y-yeah." The redhead makes a very visible effort to stop herself from covering up with her hands, leaving her body fully on display for my viewing. "Do... do you like it?"

"What kind of silly question is that? One of the most beautiful girls in school is standing in front of me, utterly naked - do I think she looks good?" I shake my head. "Do I even need to answer? You obviously look fantastic. I'm more worried about how you expect me to hold back, looking like that."

She liked that response, clearly. "You don't have to." She steps closer. "I'm ready for whatever you want to do. I'm on the pill too, so no worries about-" She can't even complete the sentence. "You know." She finishes lamely.

What am I supposed to do with an invitation like that? I start stripping my own clothes off. A bit earlier than I had expected from Emma, but perhaps this was just the consequence of actually establishing a relationship and interacting with someone. I didn't have to wait for all of the challenges to be complete to push things into the next stage. They were still people, capable of developing and making decisions on their own without my power deciding for them. "I didn't react the way I did just to get in your panties, you know that right? It wasn't out of any special loyalty to you." Arguably, it was the wrong thing to say in this scenario - most guys would probably just keep their mouths shut and enjoy the show.

But I knew the outcome already. Even if I bottled it here, Emma was already mine. My question was serious, because it told me exactly what our relationship was for the immediate future.

"I know. And I said I wasn't just doing it as payment for that. It's complicated. I want to reward you for playing your part, however accidentally. I want to make it up to you, because I'm at least a little to blame for you losing your friend. I want to go further with you, because you make me feel-" She tilts her head. "-safe. Complete." She takes one final step towards me, into range of my arms. "I just have this feeling... I want to follow you. Trust you. Like, we just get each other. I know the way you look at me, and I'm completely fine with that. I mentioned it earlier, Madison started asking me questions about you the other day, I thought that I would be jealous - but I thought about the looks you've been given her and all I could think about was how hot it would be if you made us both your girls."

I'm sure she just cut herself off from saying 'instead of Taylor' at the end of that or something along those lines - but I didn't need to call her out on it. If she was able to learn a bit of tact, so much the better.

She giggles to herself, momentarily forgetting her appearance. "Maybe that sounds a little crazy. But, I don't know. I felt like you could do it? I know you were just a nobody a few weeks ago, kind of at the bottom of the social ladder. I know that. But look at you now!" One hand traces along my torso as she drinks in the sight of my naked body. "I feel like you were born to be in this kind of position. You look fit. Confident. You look like you belong in this kind of group. You've had one of the hottest girls in the school draining your balls every other day and you act like it's the most natural thing in the world, like it's what you just deserve. And the funny thing is, I can't even say that I feel like you're wrong."

What do you even say to that? "I'll take the compliments, but I wouldn't entirely dismiss your own contribution. It's easy to climb up the social ladder when you have someone at the top helping you up." I slide my hands down her back and pull her closer, grabbing a handful of each asscheek and kneading it between my fingers.

"It's not that. I barely did anything. It's just like Sophia says. Predator and prey. The strong and the weak. But, just to more of an extreme. It makes perfect sense, the guys at the top of the food chain - they'd just naturally dominate the girls around them. They wouldn't be satisfied with any one person, like how you refused to settle down with just me." She sounds excited. "And, you know - I think you could do it. I know I was kind of hinting that things might get a little interesting at the sleepover, but I feel like if you pushed the issue beyond just a bit of skinship - Madison would just fold over. Sophia wouldn't join in, but she'd approve of the attempt. You could really prove yourself. I know it's a bit much to ask of you when you've already stepped so far out of your comfort zone, but it's not like you have anything to lose from trying. And doesn't every guy dream of a threesome anyway?"

"I honestly just assumed that's what you were hinting at the first time." I admit.

She glances up at me, evidently feeling vindicated. "See! That's the attitude I mean. The attitude you need! Maybe-"

I silence her by capturing her lips in my own. "Emma." I interrupt any response as I pull away. "As fascinating as this is..." I pull her forward, pressing her body into mine. "I'm naked. You're naked. I'm going to fuck you, here and now." Emma gives the tinest of silent, wide-eyed nods in response. "You have sixty seconds to get me ready for that. You've always been pretty good at using that mouth of yours, so put it to work."

She colours. "R-right." I lean back against the wall, idly thanking whoever had the foresight to install blinds in these rooms to stop others from seeing in, and watch Emma get to work. She wastes no time, dropping to her knees beside my feet and reaching down to cup my balls in her hand. With a firm grip, she begins working her hand up and down my length, slowly pumping with an oddly soft smile on her face. I can feel my member growing larger with each passing second, the semi-erection I had gained from the mere anticipation and appreciation of her body paling in comparison to actually being touched and teased to full mast.

The redhead girl takes her given time-limit seriously, taking the briefest moment to lick my cock from tip, to base and then back again - before unceremoniously taking my length into her throat. No signs of gagging this time. I'd give her credit, she'd turned from a complete amateur to a budding professional in short order - though I would have to take no small amount of credit for providing her with the opportunity to learn.

A groan escapes my lips as Emma bobs back and forth on my cock, her mouth a near-vacuum and apparently taking it as a challenge to make me cum before our self-imposed time limit is up. If I'd been the inexperienced guy I was a few weeks ago, it might even have worked. But this time, I could hold it in. I had my eyes on the prize, Emma had offered up all of her body - and I was going to finalise my claim on it before she had a chance to get cold feet.

Emma looks up at me with half-lidded eyes as she continues her work. Jesus fuck she was hot. Not for the first time, I'm grateful to my power for this opportunity. If it was anything else, even if I was a Blaster or Brute on part with the Triumvirate - the odds were good that I would never have seen this sight. The obedient, almost worshipful cocksucking expression gazing up at me from the Queen Bee of the school. And this was just one person, out of what would very likely be a great many indeed. The warm wetness of her mouth washes over me in waves, leaving me tingling with sensation. Her fingers continue working at the base of my shaft, massaging me and adding friction to the ongoing pleasure. My hands reach down and grab her head. "Take it easy." I warn her softly.

"Mmhm." She hums around my dick, continuing to suck me off despite the hand on her head. "I don't mind. Wherever you want is fine with me."

Completely on autopilot. I shake my head and pull her off of me, the slight noise of complaint oddly cute for the sheer eroticism of her actions just a few moments prior. "I already know where. Which is precisely why you need to stop."

"Ah." She accepts my preferred hand pulling her upwards, then lets out a surprised 'eep' as I practically lift her off of her feet and carry her onto the nearest table.

The way I place her leaves neither of us with much need to move. My cock, almost painfully swollen and enraged, presses against her dripping, bare slit - the only thing holding me back from an immediate, clean insertion is one, final look at Emma's face.

She's hiding part of her face behind her hands, giving the impression of a certain amount of embarrassment that clearly didn't extend to trying to cover her other womanly assets. At my pause, and a moment of eye-contact, she seems to momentarily freeze - before her legs widen almost imperceptibly. "G-go on. I'm all yours."

That's all I need. I thrust forward, bursting past her inner walls and lodging myself inside her. Emma stifles a cry and tries to keep her voice down, but fails miserably. I hold myself inside her for a moment, partly to allow her some time to adjust and partly to just relish the feeling of splitting apart the closest thing the school had to an untouchable idol. Oh, sure. The school's opinion of her might not be quite so high if everyone realised that she had a few screws loose, particularly when it came to Taylor and Sophia. The mental gymnastics she came out with sometimes could be pretty special, but that didn't change the fact that she was popular, hot and charismatic - at least, when the topic didn't touch on Taylor or her chosen life philosophy.

I slide my length back, playing her body like a musical instrument as she subconsciously tries to press back against me. Not quite the motion I needed from her yet, but it was good to see that her body was so enthusiastic to learn. I shift her legs up and to the side again, taking a bit more control to allow myself the leverage I needed. Then, I ram back inside, matching my previous thrust and more. Hilting myself inside her, only stopping when my balls slap against her skin. Emma clenches down on me the entire way down, a vice-grip tighter than anything she had managed yet with just her mouth alone. This time, I don't stop. This was my new point to reach with every thrust, powering in and out of her eager, responsive body until I felt myself nearing completion once more - a fact I would blame entirely on her all-too-eager blowjob just a short moment prior. I was all but ready to blow from the start.

"Emma, you're mine." I hiss out the fact, turning my head to the ceiling and gasping with relief as I shoot load after load into the willing body beneath me. Hot, sticky seed spilling into her core. I sincerely hoped that she wasn't lying about her contraceptive measures, because they were now being put to the test.

Well. Did I really care if she had lied? Would it really make that much difference? In nine months time, I would be dead, in the birdcage or a living god spoken of in the same breath as the Triumvirate and Scion. I didn't exactly have to worry about my future prospects being damaged, or the danger of child support. Not when I still had another challenge to clear whenever I felt like it, which I could only assume would finalise Emma's transformation into my personal cumslut. It would be ahead of schedule, but could I really say that I didn't intend to knock up all of the members of my one-day harem eventually? What was the harm?

Well. It could be inconvenient. Let's slow down there, Greg. Even if I don't have as many reasons to care about the downsides as a normal guy, it could still make her - and the baby - a target. It could still distract me and take time away from what was really important. No deliberately impregnating people for me, yet, at least. But at the same time, I'll take any opportunity I'm given to pass on the condom. If only because carrying them around and keeping them protected is a bit of a pain given my activities.

I start moving inside her again. I'm not done. Most girls would guess that a guy can only really cum once. But as a guy that on more than one occasion has found an absolutely godly adult game to play on a lonely weekend, there's always more to be found for those with the willpower and strength. And that was before my power had started doing... whatever it was that had actually given me serious muscle even before I had started patrolling. A guy getting his dick sucked at school at least once a day, then going on patrol at night and finding some grateful citizens that were happy to reward their saviour, maybe a few would-be muggers that felt like negotiating their way out of trouble... a guy like that should not be cumming as prodigiously as I am.

And I say that as someone with a great deal of experience concerning the effect that time in between porn sessions has on volume produced. An expert on the art. A master, should I say.

Long story short... I'm not even slightly soft. Emma clearly doesn't have any objections when I return to the task of stirring up her insides, the simple act of pounding her again and again causing more and more of our mixed, intertwining juices to escape from her abused, oozing slit in between each thrust. I bring my hands up, roaming from her legs up to her hips, only for my hands to be captured by her own - used to give her leverage to slam back into me with equal force, driving my cock into her harder and deeper under her own power this time. If I were to suddenly stop, I'm confident that she'd still be able to fuck herself to orgasm on my rod without a second thought.

"Greg~" Emma's voice finally returns to coherent words, having drifted off into unintelligible moans for the last few minutes. "That feels so, so good. Please, just keep fucking me. Use me up, as hard as you like. Take anything you want-"

"Damn right." I grunt. "You're mine, Emma. I'm gonna do this to Madison too. And you're going to watch." I increase the pace. "And you know what? Why stop there?"

She blinks uncomprehendingly at that. "Huh?"

"I think I know exactly how to dislodge the stick from Sophia's ass." I smile. "So don't go thinking that I'm giving up on her either. All three of you, all at once. She's so obsessed with strength, I think I'm looking forward to seeing what face she makes when she's ready to admit that I'm stronger."

Emma looks poleaxed at the thought. "That- that's ambitious. And hot. Really, really hot. She really would love it if a guy could just put her down in her place below him, so convincingly that all she could do is meekly spread her legs and beg to be bred." A perverse giggle as she continues to squeeze down on my cock, twisting her legs to apply even more pressure. "I won't hold my breath, but I won't lie - I'd love to see it happen. You know just what to say to a girl, you know that?"

"Most girls, perhaps." I drawl.

"Oh, Taylor?" Emma smiles. "You know, if she was at all capable of being honest - she'd be in my position right now. Wouldn't she?"

I give a grunt of agreement. No need to mention that her Cape-self was halfway to this kind of thing with my Cape-self. Taylor was... a lot more bold as Bug than she was at school. I was tempted to blame it on too many sketchy romance books. A lot more permissive, and far thirstier as well. I was half-surprised she hadn't jumped me already by now.

"I knew it." Emma's voice stutters for an instant as I slam home with a particularly fast rush. "I really did want her to become tough, you know. Like me, or Sophia. Or you. That never really happened, she's stayed as a leech no matter what we did - no matter what opportunities we gave her to showcase what she's made of."

I take great care not to roll my eyes where she can see. I'd heard this one, in various different retellings, before. Not in its entirety, that would have to wait for whenever I could fix this broken friendship myself. I didn't even want to hear it, I knew it would be something petty that had led to a blood feud somehow more hateful than any of the inter-gang rivalries in Winslow.

"But I don't know that it matters now. So, she's weak. What of it? Even if she never becomes strong-" It was probably a good idea to never tell Emma that Taylor is a Cape. I didn't want to deal with the mental breakdown. "-at least she can learn her place as a weakling. That little argument she had with you, that was needed - for both of you. You can't be in a partnership of equals. She'll always be beneath you - and you need to make sure she knows that."

The fact that I was already in partial agreement with Emma was perhaps a worrying sign. She was right, for the wrong reasons. Taylor's possessiveness of me did need to come to an end, eventually - although this wasn't the way I would have chosen to challenge that mindset. I couldn't have her seething at the sidelines every time I looked at a new girl, because I intended to do a lot more than merely look - to a lot more than one girl. If the pain of one argument, and the extraction of a single apology was enough to turn her budding love into a more docile, harem-suitable attitude? That was going to be more healthy for everyone.

That sounded all sorts of condescending and misogynistic now that I had thought of it in those words. But, hey! What other way was there to think about it? I liked her, sure. More than I probably should. I wanted her to have a long, happy life at my side being bred as one of my top girls. But it was never going to be a monogamous relationship. My power was a Master power, if not directly, then at least in the feelings they had towards me. It could never have been a relationship of equals. Emma had learned the reality with startling ease, shifting into the eager role of compliant cumslut with fluidity and grace. Taylor could learn a lot from that example.

"You could really drag it out. You know that she'll come crawling back no matter what. Make sure that she knows what she threw away with her rant. Let her know that you'll never consider her more than just another onahole to be used and tossed aside - and that she'll just have to be satisfied with that." Emma is panting now, her body practically undulating in the throes of passion as she talks faster and faster. "Have that be a condition of accepting her apology. We can get a collar, a leash. She can come crawling to you, naked and humiliated - just to beg you to forgive her for her mistakes." Emma abruptly stops her movements, back arching backwards and face twisting into rapturous bliss as her obvious orgasm wracks her body. "Oh- fuck-"

I pull out, frantically jerking myself to take myself the rest of the way. My previous load was still dribbling out of her well-fucked hole, so this one could just be blasted over the rest of her body. It doesn't take long for me to climax, thick ropes of seed latching across her nude, sweating frame. This time, I'm spent. My body is shaking and covered in sweat. I take a seat on the table next to Emma, sharing in a wordless silence only broken by heavy panting. We stay like that for several minutes, catching our breath and taking in the pleasant flush across the body of the other.

"We're going to have to clean all of this up, aren't we?" Emma mumbles sheepishly.

Sure enough, there's a sizable puddle spread across the table - my own seed managed to mostly land on her body, but some has already dripped down towards the solid, tiled floor. Thankfully, not carpeted.

"We?" I echo. Not a refusal, but a quiet test of her mindset.

Emma considers me for a moment. "We." A firm nod, allowing no arguments. "No way I'm doing this alone." I smile. I didn't mind that. That was good, actually. Even if I had given her a new fetish or five and somehow slotted myself into her twisted worldview, it was good to know that she wasn't a complete doormat now.

I raise my hands in surrender. "I think I saw an abandoned towel by the door, hopefully they won't mind it being donated to the cause."

"I'll put it in the trash for them afterwards." She pushes herself up from the table. "And, we'll need to clean ourselves up as well. You know, there might be a lot of sports clubs around - but there are showers up on this floor as well. I'm no good with complex machinery, do you think you could help me work out how the hot water works?" Her doe eyes won't fool anyone, but I can take a hint.

The spirit is willing, but the flesh... needs a few minutes to recharge. At least. Just a few minutes though. "I'd love to donate my expertise." I slide my gaze to the table. "But, let's do this first. We have to at least be a little responsible, and it'll be a bit of a chore if we let all of this dry - plus the school might kick up a fuss if we leave enough obvious signs about what went down here."

"Someone got stabbed and died on school grounds last week, I think they have bigger concerns than a few consenting students fucking in a classroom." She shrugs. "But I take the point. Work before pleasure."

My phone buzzes, distracting me from my response. No words, just a notification. I unlock my phone, switch to the secondary browser - plug in my passkey and only then does it let me in to PHO on my main account. A recent precaution. No sense in taking pointless risks if someone asked for my civilian PHO or needed to use my phone, so I had an old account set up in the obvious place - in case anyone happened to snatch my phone and look around. No weird history to worry about, inbuilt VPN on the browser in case the Tinkers were out to get me. Were there ways around it? Sure. It wasn't perfect. But it was better than nothing, and easier to explain than just having two phones constantly.

I slide to my messaging tab.

I read. I sigh.

I mentally assign the responsibility for handling this to future Greg. I've got a table to wipe down, and then a shower to inspect alongside a horny, eager and nubile young woman. I'm proud to say that I have my priorities straight here.

PHO Private Messaging: Mobile View:
Viewing: Conversations with new replies. (15) most recent messages.

Private message from theDARKESTshadow:

Notice from the moderators: This account has been recently created and has no posting history. Please use caution when interacting with new accounts, as the person behind the account may be attempting to scam, coerce, intimidate or abuse legitimate users for their own ends. If you think something is wrong, please report the user by clicking on their profile and selecting the appropriate reason.

theDARKESTshadow: Fucking asshole, where did you even get that crap? I had to shoot new eye-holes into the mask point-blank to get it off.
theDARKESTshadow: Bitch.
theDARKESTshadow: Are you ignoring me?
theDARKESTshadow: Fuck you.
theDARKESTshadow: But a deal is a deal. I'm free this coming weekend, unless I get called out for something. If your friend is around then, I'll beat them up for you. See what they're made of. I'm not around on Monday, busy with other stuff.
theDARKESTshadow: If not, let's hit the town. I want to see you in action myself, not through some stupid camera that was already outdated before I was born.
theDARKESTshadow: Hello? Respond already.
theDARKESTshadow: Hello?
theDARKESTshadow: Fuck you, terminally online moron. I've seen your account. You post bullshit every waking hour of the day, seven days a week, three-hundred-and-sixty-five days a year. I know you saw my last messages.
theDARKESTshadow: I won't let you back out now. I'm going to beat you, and your girlfriend, black and blue until you begin to approach some semblance of 'passable'. You can't talk that much crap and just walk away. You've got to back it up.
theDARKESTshadow: And you know, the tape bullshit was lame... but it fucking worked. I'll give you that much. Better that I lost like that to you, than to some dumbass that's actually fighting me for real. No way I'm going out of this world just because someone did the equivalent of putting a paper bag over my head.
theDARKESTshadow: Maybe 'lost' wasn't really the right word there. It was just a demonstration of a trick you would have used in a fight. Proving a point, rather than any actual violence.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Sorry about that, I had to scroll through my DMs quite a bit to find you.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Yeah, this weekend should be good. I'll try to hammer out a time and place with my teammate and get back to you before tomorrow evening. If she can't make it, it will be just me. And btw, you totally lost. Like I said, no shame in that. I'm pretty fucking awesome so you can wear it as a badge of honour later. Like being the first random villain to turn around a street corner and find Eidolon just starting his first patrol.
theDARKESTshadow: <Message filtered by AutoModerator> Reason: Too much profanity. Be nice.

Private message from ABugInBrockton:

ABugInBrockton: I can make Wednesday? We can meet around the cinema at Lords. Same time as usual?
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Sounds good to me. I'll head to the roof, just poke me with your bugs and point me in the right direction. I'll come to you.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Did you see the PRT press release? We're kind of a big-deal right now.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: One of Lung's henchmen also put a statement out, but it's not quite so complimentary about our bright future.
ABugInBrockton: I saw both of those.
ABugInBrockton: It's kind of weird, but somehow I feel better seeing the ABB one.
ABugInBrockton: Like, the PRT makes it sound like we're kids that just stumbled into a dangerous situation and need to be do the smart thing and go running to them for safety now.
ABugInBrockton: And the ABB treats us like we're as much of a team as New Wave or the Empire.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Who says we aren't? Best team ever. Quality over quantity!
ABugInBrockton: That's true. We are pretty great. I'm so glad we're a team.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: Ran into a very bored Ward a little while ago. Got to talking about you. I mentioned you were kind of awesome at range, but didn't know much about actual fighting up close. I suggested that you might have better luck learning from her than me, because she's a bit of an expert at it - even compared to me. Keep it kinda hush-hush though, it's not illegal for her - but the PRT probably wouldn't want to see her running around talking to non-affiliated Capes.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: And don't start worrying that I think you're secretly terrible or anything, you're great. But I'd feel a lot happier if you could handle yourself if anyone ever managed to get close to you. I tend to cheat with my powers a lot in fights, and while she can do the same - she doesn't need to. Very skilled. Has a lot to teach.
XxVoid_CowboyxX: She's not the friendly sort, definitely the type to sneer at you and call you hopeless trash - but she'll be serious as long as you are. She secretly likes what we've been doing so far, and while she'd beat me up if I said that she was a fan in front of her face - that doesn't make it any less true. Not sure when she'll have time to join us and meet up, but I'll let you know and try to arrange something. Probably this weekend.
ABugInBrockton: I can handle it. I don't want you to worry about me, I can take a few mean words. Just let me know when and where, I'll be there.
ABugInBrockton: Hey, I know this is really short notice - but can we do a patrol tonight? I've just had a really terrible day at school, and I need to blow off some steam. I was just going to solo patrol, but I'd feel a lot better if I was with you instead. You always cheer me up, and the things we do actually matter. I've been making some modifications to my costume that I'd like your advice on as well. It's not a big deal if you're too busy or something, we can arrange another time if you already have plans - or if you think I'm being a pain, just let me know and I'll back off. I don't want you to think of me as too pushy or anything, I'm just saying - I'm going out tonight, I'd really love it if you could make it. The dream team isn't complete without both of us, right?

---

AN: I don't hate Taylor. I promise. Touched on what I was trying to work towards in the comments after the last chapter, so the aim of the next chapter or two should be pretty obvious upon reading this one.

Anyway. Done. Time! Actually somewhat pleased with myself this time. I knew that I wasn't going to do anything with what was left of 2022, so from my perspective I've churned out a chapter in a little over a month. That's a definite improvement over my record last year considering I didn't take any annual leave at work to do it.

I'm not reliable enough to do commissions thanks to both my own lack of discipline and the nature of my chosen career, but I've started posting WIP chapters, the occasional not-a-story-yet ideas that I think up as well as some slightly earlier postings of full chapters at my Patreon. It's a bit bare bones for now, but I'm trying to be better at posting there. There isn't really much in the way of rewards or anything in there right now unless it gets to be a decent size - for now, it's mostly just a way to show support if you have some change to spare. All of my completed content and stories will still be coming to QQ, so don't feel like you're really missing out on anything if you can't afford it.
Last edited: Jul 30, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:cardboredpie, Toddball, Wyndser and 801 others
Tamzar
Feb 19, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Seventeen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Aug 2, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,540
Taylor doesn't scream when I break her arm. It's creepy. Creepier than the bugs. Creepier than the costume. I couldn't even blame it on the nature of the simulation. Pretty much everyone screamed when I hurt them badly enough, even when the simulation hadn't bothered to include their actual personalities or go all-out with the REAL modifier.

Taylor just limply accepted that her left arm was broken, and resumed trying to kill me with her right. And the bugs. Still had those, obviously.

Still, the nice thing about crippling someone is that it makes it a lot easier to cripple them again. I was already bigger and stronger, and with one less arm to fend off myself, my clone and my continuous usage of my echoes - it wasn't much more than a second or two before I lock down her other arm and twist it - not stopping until multiple pops and a sickening crap leave it hanging loosely at her side.

Now then. Helmet. I'd learned my lesson the last two times. Her helmet was a serious piece of work, not in protecting from damage entirely - but preventing a lethal blow at least. I could give her a one-sided beatdown for all of the next fourty-or-so seconds it takes for her very-determined bugs to peel away the rest of my defensive layers and start killing me, but that wasn't enough. The neckpiece was too solid to properly break, nor did the writhing mass of bugs leave me much room to reposition - the physical weight of them alone was significant, even without the ceaseless attempts to bind me or drag me away with ropes and strings. It was the most I could do to simply maintain my position on top of her.

Luckily, Taylor had shown me how this part of her original costume worked before she went for a redesign. This version might have changed a bit, but the fundamentals were still the same. I knew how to get this thing off. It had taken another try or two to get in this position, mostly off the back of failing to handle the pistol well - either allowing her to get a shot in discretely while my vision was obscured, or letting her bugs spirit it away and fire it on their own while I was moments away from victory.

I'd taken some time to work out the limits of my textile-manipulation powerset from Parian. They were... significant. I didn't get the dolls, or the forcefields or the flying carpets. I had a size limit. Not sheets, or even a small kitchen cloth - threads. Literal threads. Not the end of the world, given that I had Clockblocker's power and a good idea about what a freely-manipulable razor-thin thread could do to flesh when Clockblocked and sufficient pressure was applied. And, unlike many of my other powers - it didn't start flubbing to nothing when I used it near someone's skin. Not strong enough to strangle someone in their own clothes just yet, unless they had a very, very convenient loose thread in the perfect place - but enough to undo the neatly-stitched seams running along almost every item of clothing imaginable.

Taylor's spidersilk was no great exception. Immaculately woven, but it was multiple pieces and features kept together at the end of the day. One touch and a flex of will drags a long thread away from the back of her helmet, another unravels a hidden knot and loosens itself - the goggle-like lenses at the front immediately loosening by the tiniest margin in response. Find the clasp, pull. Another seam, this was supposed to be released after the chest armour was off - that was why this was so annoying in the first place. But like this, the well-crafted costume was practically falling apart in my hands.

Just like mine was, coincidentally enough. Taylor's bugs were a lot stronger and more determined than in previous challenges. Picked some better critters, maybe. I never thought I would long for the days of being eaten by cockroaches, because while they were gross - they were also pretty slow at working through my layers. These new creepy-crawlies? No such luck.

Still not fast enough though. I'd comically overdone my armour in my preparation before charging in and attempted to seal every crack I could. So many redundant layers, enough that the initial melee struggle had started to become somewhat touch-and-go as I became more encumbered - a sixty-fourty fight instead of a ninety-ten. So long as I didn't spill the beans about Shadow Stalker's power early and get myself sprayed for my trouble, at least.

I yank upwards and away on the last of the padded helmet, ripping away the remaining threads and clasps holding it to the rest of the costume. "Stop that!" I hiss to myself as she tries to bite me the instant I finally rip the rest of the mask away, my vision almost completely obscured by bugs before my ash-clone blurs past my face with a powered kick downwards. I'm not sure she entirely realises that we aren't actually two people. By keeping her entire focus on me, she never lands a hit on my ash-clone to dispel it - and my ash-clone never hits her hard enough to dispel himself, primarily focusing on glancing, disorienting blows and keeping the biggest concentrations of string-holding bugs away from me. "I am trying-" Taylor's hate-filled face looks up at me. I punch it. A small part of me feels bad about it, but I can't help the slight feeling of catharsis after her recent outburst. Bad Greg. Domestic violence is bad. Unless it's for the sake of powers and future harem-harmony. "-to help you!"

She takes three punches without even flinching, the pressure of the bugs against me only getting more advanced as I feel the first ones finally chew through my last layers of protection and brush against skin.

Fuck this. I don't enunciate the word. No point having an orifice open with the bugs swarming so insistently for an opening, I could feel the first bug on my skin already. Without the helmet, the neckpiece was barely latched on. I wrench her head up and to the side, faltering on the first attempt as strings tighten against me and attempt to pull me away - but redirecting the ash clone to run interference gives me more than enough leverage to repeat the attempt. The ensuing crack doesn't signal the end of the challenge despite Taylor going instantly limp - so I just roll her over and wrench harder past the token resistance I can feel. The bites in my neck and torso come too late, and the challenge ends.

SUCCESS

Reward: Administrator (2)​

Five down. Three to go. If the trend holds, one more power upgrade and two more upgrades to Taylor herself or her opinion towards me. Or, maybe there was a different capstone for Capes, who knows? The most obvious thing was that I needed one more win to boost Taylor's opinion of me again to facilitate us fixing our relationship. Our out-of-costume relationship, that is. In-costume, where Taylor didn't have any pre-conceived notions about me and my apparent 'duties' to her, we were getting along excellently. The contrast was something else, and something that I was painfully aware could go badly at some point in the future.

I mean, Taylor was practically eye-fucking me every time she thought I was looking the other way - and she couldn't hide how her mind instantly went into the gutter the moment the two of us found ourselves alone in a dark corner. Nothing had come of it yet, but the undercurrent of tension everytime I had to touch somewhere on her body to heal a bruise was noticeable sometimes. Hell, it caught me off guard - seeing it from Taylor of all people. She acted differently outside of school.

I could make something of it, obviously. She was only one step away from Emma's current position, and Emma had convincingly and thoroughly shown that I didn't need to max someone out to get them on their knees or spreading their legs for me. Which... well. In hindsight it was obvious. I'd gotten a bit too focused on the gamer-esque side of the system and combining it with my usual prospects with girls, that I hadn't properly internalised the fact that people hooked up and got laid sometimes without ever clearing a single challenge on their prospective partner. I shouldn't have been surprised at Emma's enthusiasm, and I shouldn't write Taylor off as an impossibility just because I hadn't reached the final levels yet. Particularly because the difference between Emma and everyone else I had maxed out was simply the amount that I had talked with her, a trait shared by my interactions with Taylor. I was moderately sure that my... affections, if it came to it, wouldn't be unwelcome if they came at the right moment.

In the guise of Void Cowboy, at least - even if her feelings deep-down were unchanged when I was Greg, I already knew that she would sabotage herself to any extent if it let her be stubborn and spiteful towards someone she thinks 'wronged' her.

It was a shame I hadn't pushed the issue earlier, the timing made things awkward now. Letting my hands roam a bit at the right time, or just taking the opportunity to slip a hand southward while healing whatever bruise she collected next, she'd seemed somewhat open to it before - but I hadn't been one-hundred percent sure back then, and getting slapped down after essentially mastering her to get this far would have been way too embarrassing to risk.

After Emma, I was a bit more confident in myself about how far I could go... but now there were consequences in the way. Sure, things could go well and I could have Taylor choking on my dick at the start and end of every patrol - but eventually, my identity would get out. If I was to make the first move, even if she reciprocated at the time - she would definitely assume the worst of me once I either revealed the truth or slipped up. Refraining until I had patched things up... it was the right thing to do. The good thing to do. It wasn't like I was desperate for female companionship right now. All I had to do was not make any advances, and Taylor would be too shy to do anything on her own.

That was the plan.

"-oid?" Her slightly-concerned voice reaches through my thoughts. "Are you okay?"

I look across at Taylor. The lean figure of the budding superheroine tilts her head at me. A recognisable, distinctly feminine figure. Armour discarded off to the side and hands nervously clasping each other as she shifts under my gaze.

It's hard to know where to look. On one hand, leaving herself in just the spider-silk undersuit still left a lot of skin exposed to appreciate. On the other, the removal of the bulky parts of the costume revealed exactly how form-fitting and tight the undersuit really was. Tight enough to appreciate that she was definitely, no-doubt-at-all not wearing anything underneath it.

Dammit. I really want to fuck her already. I mean, I've wanted to do that for ages - even before I got my power. But with my power enabling me to do exactly that to basically anyone eventually, it was kind of hard to appreciate my female friends as just... well. Friends. Not least because of the subtle glow-ups that they received over time as I started knocking over their challenges, nor their growing confidence in highlighting their sexuality to me. That's not to say that I'm just looking at them like a piece of meat or something, I'm appreciating the fact that it's specifically Taylor or Emma just fine, any generic model off of the street wouldn't hit in quite the same way. I should know, I tested it.

It's just... it's pretty easy to think of pure, wholesome thoughts of friendship when your friend is making a dour face at the back of a crowded classroom and hiding in a hoodie three-sizes too big for them. It's a lot harder when they pull you into a dimly-lit room around the back of an old cinema, strip down to their Cape-themed lingerie and ask for your professional opinion on the quality of the lacework.

That wasn't a perfect description of what had happened here, but it was pretty damn close to the point where the context started to not matter. This costume wasn't one that was designed to be seen. The one she showed the public was covered in armoured plating and padding in all the important areas. This was what she wore underneath that, ostensibly to prevent rubbing or chafing as she carted it around. A last-ditch defence in the case of the areas uncovered by the upper-layers armour, but to my eyes - little more than a particularly lewd bodysuit split into two parts for the sake of convenience.

It wasn't that I'd pushed for this, manipulated the circumstances to get to this point or anything like that. She'd practically jumped me the moment I arrived, an almost eerie aura of focus in her eyes that was humanised only by the occasional nervous shuffle and flush in her cheeks. She had to know what she was doing, right? I might not be the brightest when it comes to girls, but I wasn't completely blind - I could tell that she was making an attempt to seduce me, probably as much to spite what the real-me had said a few short hours ago as any genuine feelings that had been stirred up by having her 'other' likely love interest stolen away by Emma. But where did that leave me? Was it an open invitation to ogle her? Or just some light flirting like we had done previously, neither side quite ready to push for more? Go further? Did I want to do that?

Ok, I wanted to do that. Better question: Should I do that?

I'd gotten the impression on our last patrols that she wasn't opposed to me getting a little handsy when emotions were running high, but I hadn't gained any extra relationship rewards since the last time we were like that. Was this aggressiveness just a temporary boost of confidence after a... sub-optimal day at school? Would she regret things later if I acted on what she was offering now? My entire plan for getting Taylor back to my side with minimal fuss required at least one of my identities to be deep in her good books before the game was up. She had already demonstrated an ability to make up the silliest of imagined excuses to fly into a rage at me, who was to say that she couldn't do so again if she felt that I had taken advantage of her 'emotionally-vulnerable' state? I could see that happening.

...I really did want to fuck her though. Apparently, hormones don't care about the potential for later consequences. Who would have guessed.

Perhaps I should look at this in a different way. The question was going to be rendered completely moot if I just succeeded in my next challenge. With three relationship upgrades, she'd let me do almost anything to her as Void Cowboy if she was even remotely similar to Emma. Greg might still have to do some fast talking to get to the same point, but at least I'd be out of this conundrum of not being able to read her mind and work out if I can just rip that costume off her or not.

Metaphorically. It wouldn't actually rip that easily. I'd tested it. Tough stuff.

I cough. "It looks good on you." I finally mutter, "I see you changed up the design a bit. Had some new ideas?" I cast my eyes over her challenge sheet.

Taylor Hebert

Weaver 6/8

(ALRT) (DOOM) (WRLD)​

A DOOM modifier? Unusual. That was one of the rarer ones so far. A conditional defeat to work around. Still. Not a terrible combination. WRLD was pretty close to a neutral modifier, more relevant to how realistic and accurate the simulation of the distant, wider world around us was than anything else. Useful for information-gathering, not-so-useful in a direct confrontation. But that went both ways. And I felt that the ALRT modifier didn't even need saying. She seemed to be able to sense through her bugs in some fashion, so detecting me quickly was inevitable.

As I continue to muse, Taylor glances down at herself. Her expression is unreadable, but her voice sounds upbeat enough. "I've strengthened it in places, though there's still some more work to do. I originally wanted to build more padding into the side, but the main suit got too hot and didn't breathe well enough - so I've opened up these gaps at the side-" She highlights the creamy, exposed holes in her costume. "-that I'm going to cover with some alternative. Some kind of mesh, or just a thinner variant of my spidersilk. I'm not sure yet. That isn't really important though, I can modify the main piece later as issues come up. I was more interested in what you thought about how it looks. I can't exactly get an opinion from the public dressed like this, so I thought-"

"Challenge." I whisper. Better to have the momentary silence and disorientation occur while she was talking than when it was my turn to talk. She had already gone off on a bit of a tangent, and I was pretty confident that I wasn't going to miss out on anything important for the second or two that I would be zoned out in the real world.

The world shifts beneath me. For once, Grey and white blocks don't resolve back into colour, but instead convert directly into dull, featureless walls. Much like some futuristic science lab, stripped of all personality and life. The door in front of me automatically opens as I approach, revealing a wide, open corridor with dozens of other doors scattered in both directions.

Best get moving. I may not have any real indicator of what the DOOM modifier was demanding of me, but getting away from the exact position I started in was a staple of handling the ALRT modifier. She might know where I started, but that didn't mean that I couldn't get away from that position before she found me - and if there was one positive to this area, it was that it seemed pretty clean. No obvious bugs around, any swarm from Taylor would need to be pulled in here from outside, or at least some other room or floor that was less well-maintained.

I don't bother checking the doors, just racing along the corridor to get as much distance as possible between me and my starting point. Some of the doors from one corridor into the next require holding down a button to open, which I can't help but feel is just to ruin my speed-state for traversing the area. I can just barely push the button down for an instant, but my low-mass state can't stop the button from pushing itself back up long enough to open the door. I have to run normally, at normal speeds. And that's how I end up crashing into a seven-foot lion man from hell as I round one corner into the next.

"Looking to fight?" The speech momentarily catches me off-guard, I've stretched the distance between us on pure instinct - but I dismiss my ash-clone before it can even form once the first word comes out of his mouth.

"You can speak." I remark to myself slowly. "A case-53?"

"A failure, so they said." He corrects me. A soft baritone that leaves a hint of a threat in his words. "A prisoner, according to others. But recent events have given us a bit of a reprieve, the inmates are running the asylum now and we're looking forward to a polite chat with the guards once we get our hands on them. But I've never seen you around before, so where does that leave you?"

I don't need this. It's only a matter of time before these corridors are swarming with bugs, I need to find Taylor - get some small impression of where she starts, any weapons she has, potential weaknesses and get a strategy going for next time. This guy, whatever he wanted, was just a liability. Even if he could talk, it was evident that this guy had drawn the short-straw in the power lottery. His limbs are held together by strings of glowing acid, and as I watch, one of those strings congeals and falls to the floor, melting and merging with the bubbling pile of acid-slash-lava at his legs. By the grimacing look of pain on his face, that wasn't intentional and probably pretty painful as well. As I watch, a new arm slowly starts to protrude from his chest - barely more than a large bump now, but too close to the old location of the limb to be a coincidence.

His body was falling apart, then regenerating. Useless in a fight, unless his powers had a unique trick to them. If it was a human-looking Cape I would be suspicious about the possibility of a trick - but Case 53's were well known for their shitty powers and dysfunctional bodies. For every winner like Weld or Newter, there were a half-dozen screaming monstrosities that struggled to fulfil basic tasks or blend in with human society. Insane and dangerous, or just too disruptive to allow out in the streets. The kind of people that impaled their lungs on their ribs when they looked left too fast. Even if this guy seemed well-spoken, the half-molten sludge trail that he had left behind him prior to meeting me said everything about why he was kept here and not out in public.

Which made this, what? Some kind of asylum? A prison? Had the simulation of Taylor ended up here at some point? Or was she just passing through? Perhaps it was just a random scenario that my power cooked up, just like it did for so many others. Whatever the case, I wasn't going to get much use out of this guy. Even if I could chat with him, he wasn't likely to be powerful enough to make the slightest difference against a prepared Taylor - and my power wasn't exactly known for its willingness to allow me to gain allies mid-challenge.

Which meant he was just here as a potential obstacle and time-waster. "Not interested in a long talk." I step past him.

His remaining arm stops me. A light, orange fluid reminiscent of lava seeps from his claws. As it touches the floor, the ground beneath me hisses before the liquid trails back to the orange pools that seemed to substitute for his feet. "I wasn't asking if you were. Seeing new faces at a time like this, it's hard for us to know who to trust. Can't blame us for getting nervous, can you?"

"Piss off-" I wrench his arm to the side, initially intending to use it to pull him and his face closer to me to attack - but instead, the arm unceremoniously separates at the shoulder and flails limply in my grip, acid racing across my clothes down the left side of my body. I back off briefly, summoning my ash-clone to stall any flailing he might attempt as I brush off all the acid I can from my exposed skin and ripping away my tattered shirt in the process. Superficial burns, fingers still functional. Not an issue.

I make ready to fight, forcefield coming up to block any further attacks - only to falter as I realise that my ash-clone has knocked the lion-man's head cleanly off of his body.

I know this isn't his challenge, but it feels like a disappointment. Poor guy. I step over to the fallen head as it continues to make angry, breathless snarls at me. I pause. Still alive. Regeneration good enough to keep going, judging by the slow lengthening of the neck. I could probably smash it to pieces and see if it stopped with the destruction of the brain, but knowing how screwed up this guy's power interactions already were...

I drop the head into the bubbling pool of acid at the original body's feet. It seems to resist for a moment, but after just a small amount of downwards pressure - he's submerged into the acidic effects of his own power and dissolving just like his arm did. The man's body collapses in on itself as the skull dissolves. Dead.

"Nice." An easy win, although in future runs I would have to be a bit more careful about taking acid burns so early into the run. My fingers were fucked up for anything complicated right now, a pulsing numbness that seemed to scream nerve damage at me. But if he went down that easily, I could repeat it with my ash-clone alone without risking myself-

The floor turns red. The walls turn red. The faint chattering of a gibbering skull echoes down the hall.

FAILURE​

I blink.

What?

Hint: The DOOM modifier adds a failure-condition to the challenge-​

I skim the hint and brush it away. The DOOM modifier was to blame. That's all I needed to know. It could be something unrelated to what I did, it wasn't impossible that the requirement was something arbitrary that I couldn't see yet - like preventing Taylor from reaching a certain floor or room, but that was unlikely. It seemed like too much of a coincidence that it only happened immediately after I killed the apparent escaped-convict or whatever he was.

Which meant... what? A no-kill policy? Taylor is the only one allowed to die? That made him, and anyone else in the building, not just a potential obstacle and time-waster, but an actual liability. If Taylor targeted any of them, or any of them got taken out via collateral damage - I would fail regardless of how well I was personally handling Taylor. It was a condition I somewhat expected sometimes in the more role-playing-like EVNT challenges, but wasn't this a bit much? It would be utterly impossible if she were to aggro against the bystanders immediately, if there were more people like that guy just roaming the halls - it would only take one that was vulnerable to bug bites, or perhaps a pistol again, and it would be over.

I shake my head. Nothing I can do about it. Next time, I'll just map the area out better. I'll be able to see if Taylor ends the challenge herself given the opportunity, or if she just single-mindedly hunts me down as I explore and look for advantages. Like what should have happened this round, if the challenge hadn't screwed me.

It wasn't like I had even needed to kill him. I had plenty of movement-related abilities to escape and outrun him, it was just... he looked weak and it seemed easier to just kill him. My challenges didn't typically reward me for mercy and goodwill to strangers. You didn't get surprises from dead people. Too many challenges like Madison's, where the target has allies that will happily shoot you in the back even if they initially looked unrelated. There's no advantage to leaving them behind and alive, and a possible threat if you do. Nobody is really hurt by taking them out... but I couldn't deny that it was a little uncomfortable getting punished for being too quick to pull the trigger. It felt a bit too much like a reminder that killing people in general was wrong, which I obviously already knew - but... whatever. It felt weird.

And, more importantly, I had lost. No quick wins via giant-beetle-suicide this time. No easy fix for Taylor's little outburst. Frustrating, but not unexpected.

I glance at Taylor's challenge sheet. Three hours of cooldown time. Not terrible, but not even close to good either.

"-bit embarrassing, of course. But if it's you, I don't mind at all." Taylor continues, unaware of the gap that I had experienced in the conversation. "That's why I wanted us to meet up a bit earlier than usual. This other girl-" There's an edge in Taylor's voice. "-might be a friend of yours, but she isn't my partner. I can't trust her with something this intimate." She can't trust her at all, is the unspoken amendment there - I would imagine.

"I think the word 'friend' is pushing it a bit. For now at least." I deflect her obvious concerns about the people I'm hanging around with. "We bumped into each other, beat each other up a little and realised that we see eye-to-eye on a lot of things when it comes to being effective heroes in the city. She was willing to help us both out, and I'd feel a lot more comfortable knowing that you can hold your own in a fight if you ever got cornered where your bugs can't help you."

"I just don't know if it's the best use of our time." She tries to argue. "I'm getting better and better at my power the more I use them on our patrols. And the way your power works, it gives me insights into my power that I didn't even know were possible. You know how you can control one of my bugs to use it as a conduit for one of your other powers?" I nod. "I worked out how to do that just a moment ago. I've had my bugs making material for a backup costume at home right now, my power makes me great at multi-tasking but the closest I'd been able to manage to copy your power was to leave one bug echoing my last orders. I was aware of all the bugs it was hanging around, even though its outside of my range - but just now?"

I pause in my instinctual head-shaking at the attempted deflection. Not because I had changed my mind, this needed to happen as much for my benefit as hers - but that wording.

"Just now?" I echo. As in, right now? Now as in a few days ago, or now as in, during this conversation where I happened to get a powerup from one of your challenges?"

"While I was in this room." She confirms. "I mean, I've been paying attention to you - my power just lets me multitask so, um, don't worry about me ignoring you to play with bugs - it's nothing like that! But, yeah. It all just clicked together! I managed to change its orders all the way from over here! I mean, I completely overdid it and my admin-bug ended up frying its brain by doing too much at once and I'll need to go back to assign another one before my farm gets back to work again - but it worked!" Taylor enthuses, briefly distracted from her original tangent before returning to where she left off. She clears her throat with an embarrassed cough. "Ahem. Anyway. Working on progress like that means so much more than hanging around some sketchy vigilante-turned-Ward and hoping I can learn to throw a punch. It could mean a permanent second swarm under my command, reinforcements in a pinch if my main one ever got depleted enough. You could carry my admin-bug with you and I'd never lose you, even if you needed to speed out of my range when pursuing someone. I could use it to ensure that I was never in position to be in a fist-fight in the first place."

Could it- could it be a two-way street? Did my challenges give their powers an upgrade too? No, or at least, not entirely. Not to the same extent as I leeched off of other peoples powers - the word would already have gotten out from the other Capes I'd stolen from if it was that obvious and distinct. But a new way to express the power that they already have, not as drastic as a second-trigger but something that they could plausibly describe as an effect of just getting better or never having tried it before and stumbled across the ability... maybe I was getting ahead of myself. This might just be part of Taylor's original power coming to the fore, my version of her power did jump straight to that aspect - after all.

Put it aside for now. "Can I be honest with you?" I probe Taylor.

"Always." The immediate response, full of trust, almost makes me feel a little guilty for the web of lies I was surrounding her in.

"I think that's an excuse to keep away from this girl, and you know it." I state bluntly. "I don't blame you for that, I'd be kind of put out if you told me that you'd been hanging around with Gallant and planned on inviting him to our next meeting to beat me up in his latest power armour. I don't blame you for taking it in that kind of way-"

"I didn't think of it like that!" She protests loudly. "I just- well. It's stupid. Nevermind. You'll laugh if I tell you."

"I doubt that." I lie easily. "Just spit it out. We're partners, after all. I'm not going to start laughing at you if you're genuinely uncomfortable with something. I admit, I didn't really run it past you first - but the opportunity was unexpected and I really thought it would be a good idea. It would make you safer as well, and as your partner, I worry about your safety a lot."

"You do?" She perks up slightly. "I mean, not that I want you to worry about me - but it's- it's nice to know that you care." She waves her hands in the air. "I mean, obviously you care - because we're partners and everything, but-" She cuts herself off, slightly shrinking into herself. "-it's nice to hear it." The voice comes out a little quieter than usual.

"Just because we're partners?" I echo back at her. "Don't be like that. Even if we were to suddenly stop patrolling together, I'd still want you to be doing as well as possible. We're friends - and friends help each other out." Maybe it was wrong of me to deliberately choose this kind of phrasing, designed to affirm our relationship and bond in preparation for the inevitable breakdown once Greg and Void become one and the same to her - purely so that it would be harder to stay mad at me when I've been so 'open' with her as Void Cowboy, but I wasn't exactly lying so was it really that bad? This was for her benefit too, if she didn't have me she'd probably go off the deep-end. "You wanted to be a heroine, I want to help you succeed at that. Even if you were to leave me and go join the Wards-"

"I'm not leaving you. Don't even joke about that." Taylor takes the off-handed comment oddly seriously. "I want to stay with you. Us. This team is everything I want - the Wards can't offer any of that. I don't want any of this to change at all." She bites her lip. "I guess, that's what I was going to say. About the other girl."

"Hm?" I hum my request for elaboration at her.

She flushes. "Bringing someone else into our team, even if it's just a temporary thing. I guess I just don't want her muscling in on our partnership. I know it's irrational, I just... like what we have."

I shrug. "I like what we have too, but I wouldn't worry about losing any of this." I give a vague gesture at the pair of us. "Shadow Stalker is a dedicated member of the Wards, she won't be quitting the team to join us permanently any time soon. I don't really see our dynamic changing. It's hard for her to even be seen around us without the PRT breathing down her neck. You don't need to think her of as a teammate if you don't want to, just a resource for you to use. I don't expect her to start trying to seduce me away to the Wards either, she has a pretty low opinion of them and would probably ditch them in a heartbeat if she could."

"It's not the Wards that I'm worried about." Taylor mutters darkly.

I drum my fingers against my own leg. "Alright. I don't really know what's going on with you today-" I lie easily. "-but trying to dance around your issue isn't getting us anywhere. Yesterday, I'd have happily said that I thought you would trust me with the truth if something was bothering you - but it kind of stings that you seem to be avoiding me now. You know that you can trust me, right?"

"I do trust you!" She huffs. "It's just not that easy to spell it out." She circles behind me as I glance to the street below. A pair of arms slink over my shoulders as she presses herself into my back. "But I know you're right. Keeping everything to myself and hoping it works out in my favour has never worked out. Sitting around and waiting, just waiting for someone a little more decisive to take the things I want away... I think I've had enough of that. Enough of losing, just because I'm afraid of the consequences of being shot down. I like you."

I blink. First of all, that fact was a complete given to me. It was obvious. Even if her challenges seemed to be spiking in difficulty and she had way too many of them, I was still over halfway through them. Managing to somehow not like me would be a pretty incredible feat. My Greg-persona didn't count, that was a temporary issue - we were getting along fine before some emotional landmine got triggered - and we'd be getting along fine again the moment I beat this next challenge. Or if she apologised. Either would work. Obvious or not, the surprising part was that she actually blurted it out.

I was more concerned about what she was saying. Had I accidentally prompted a confession? I'd actually been aiming to root out any remaining misgivings about Shadow Stalker hanging around so that they didn't get too catty at each other and ruin my plans of doubling the heroines I could challenge on my patrols. A bit of gaslighting, a bit of guilt-tripping - all in the name of future harmony. I wouldn't put it past Taylor to just have an instinctive bad reaction to Sophia being... Sophia. I hadn't expected her to outright admit that she was just jealous, nor go into the real reason behind that.

Because now I'd stumbled onto a roadblock. I hadn't counted on getting confessed to. Because that challenged my earlier commitment to not throw myself at Taylor. It was the right thing to do, sure - but it was a different story when she was throwing herself at me, right? I mean, I was basically her only friend in the world at this point - it would be way crueller for me to shoot her confession down in flames. She'd probably get embarrassed, break off all contact and go down the path of villainy that my power seemed to be anticipating for her. Sure, there were still potential issues down the line - but the moral issues that I'd been struggling with were a lot less concerning when she was the one making the moves. After all, I hadn't done anything to spur this on - so she couldn't easily blame me for it later.

Maybe - maybe - I could have been a bit more careful and pointed with my words - but I hadn't really done anything wrong. A pointed question about why she didn't trust me was so much less dangerous than the flirting we regularly did on our patrols - how could I have known that she'd show more nerve now than she did over the entire last year of school? Not my fault. Unavoidable, if you ignored the bit where I started mastering her down this path - but if we exclude that, I think I'm pretty blameless here for any consequences that come out of this. It was her decision to say something, not mine.

Taylor continues as I silently process her words. "Not like a friend. More than that. Is that crazy? I didn't really think about it before, my time at school hasn't been the best - having a friend that I'm this close to, that I can trust and rely on this much... I wasn't sure what I was feeling. But now I know, what I feel about you has nothing to do with friendship. I'm not good at this sort of thing, but I really do like you. I don't want you to think I'm just saying this to make up for a bad day of school or that I'm looking for a... one-time fling before going back to normal." Her voice warbles slightly. Is she crying? "I like you. I really, really like you. I'm sure it's weird to you-"

"It's not at all weird." I interrupt. "We're both attractive, fit people with the same goals and hobbies. We've got great chemistry and an awesome partnership together as Capes. We're about the same age, share the same morals-" As far as she knows. "-and spend our evenings in a high-stress hobby that brings us closer together than any normal friendship could. It would almost be a bit weird if we didn't show any interest in each other."

Taylor unconsciously shifts her body weight against my back. Her assets might not be the most impressive, but boobs were boobs. I was appreciative even if she would probably say that there was nothing to appreciate. "S-so does that mean that you...?" She ends on a quiet, hopeful note.

It was easy to imagine myself saying yes. I wasn't purely thinking that because it brings me one massive step closer to fucking Taylor - a long-term goal of mine from long before I ever got powers - even if it definitely helped grease the wheels of my thought process. In a bit of a twisted way, this helped Taylor in the long-term too - in much the same way that Emma straight-up admitting that she just wanted to be my personal cumslut had greatly improved my opinion on her and the likelihood that I might keep her around in the future, it was strictly beneficial for Taylor to advance her own relationship with me as much as possible. I was going to be very, very influential and hold her fate entirely in my hands in the future, so it would be selfish of me to deny her the chance to prove her own feelings to me.

And with all that logic trying to think of every possible reason why it was completely fine and awesome if I said yes- I surprise myself. "I have a girlfriend." There's a flash of regret as the words leave my mouth. It was nothing to do with any imagined loyalty, not to Emma and not to any of my other flings. It was simply cold logic reasserting itself over the horny part of my mind. Sure, there was potential for immediate gratification - but the possibility of establishing a relationship that resulted in her unmasking herself was a terrifying prospect for our future partnership. If she unmasked and I didn't reciprocate, her trust would be shattered regardless of any feelings here and now. If I did, I held no delusions about the fact that right now her anger at Greg probably dwarfed any crush on Void Cowboy.

Maybe I could have rolled with it. Worked out an excuse to keep our masks on. If I hadn't already had the fight with Taylor, I could have just allowed the unmasking to happen - it wasn't like she had anyone to tell, and I could be pretty sure that she was more loyal to me than anyone aside from maybe her close family thanks to my challenges. But the damage was done. I couldn't undo that, couldn't tell myself to rip the bandaid off a few days earlier. Couldn't tell myself how Emma had acted without being fully-cleared, and how Taylor should be more of the same. I was stuck with this version of Taylor, and there were just too many obstacles to making an intimate relationship work-

"So?" The simple, one-word question cuts off my thoughts. "Does that... really matter?" Taylor's face looks oddly intense. Where I'd been expecting to see a look of devastation, or heartbreak, I see a nonplussed and determined look that all but screams that she had completely expected that response. The slight stammer she had during her confession was gone, the brief sign of weakness and impending tears had vanished in the wind too. Of the two of us, somehow I was the one more off-balance and scrambling for answers in the conversation now.

"Wh-" I try to process her words. "What do you mean by that?"

"Is that really a problem?" Taylor leans forward, undersuit straining and clinging to her body with every movement she makes. If she even noticed the direction my gaze kept sliding, she doesn't comment on it save for a slight glimmer of a smile appearing on her face. "Does your girlfriend know that you're a Cape?"

"No." I concede.

"You can't trust her with that. And you don't have any reason to tell her anyway." Taylor nods to herself, a tint of satisfaction in her voice that I would never have recognised from my interactions with Bug alone. That was all Taylor, masked venom hiding as disinterested neutrality. "Mask on, and mask off, we're two different people. Two different lives. Worlds apart. I know that I can't be your full-time girlfriend. You're... you, and I'm just me. I knew you had to have someone in your real identity, I'm not crazy enough to think that I can start monopolising you in every part of your life. But, you know what I think? I think that even if some handsome guy at school finds himself beating off girls with a stick, I think that Void is unattached - and maybe even someone like me has a chance at changing that."

"You're asking me to cheat on someone with you." I respond neutrally.

Taylor seems to be acting coy. "I don't know if I would quite say that. Void isn't dating anyone, right? Nothing changes at school when Void decides to do something a little different. And I don't think you can be entirely honest in saying that you aren't at all interested in a fling in your cape identity. I've seen you flirting with the people we save sometimes, and I've caught you eyeing me up enough times to know that this isn't entirely uninteresting to you - girlfriend or not." She slides one hand along her side. "And I don't blame you or anything - guys are just like that, right? Even if they've got a great, long-lasting relationship with someone - they can't really stop themselves if the right opportunity comes up with another girl that's willing to put out a little bit more."

I'm pretty sure that last part was Taylor rationalising Greg's actions and applying that to all guys. Part of me feels compelled to step up for the team, tell her that not all guys were like that - that plenty of people were happily loyal regardless of temptation... but I couldn't really put myself in that list of people. I still didn't think that Taylor had any justification to complain about my actions in school, but every negative stereotype she was currently internalising about the infidelity of men was probably dead-on in my case. I certainly didn't feel any loyalty to... anyone. I was the future owner of a harem! It came with the territory, right?

And then there was the other reason that it might be a good idea to let those kinds of thoughts go unchallenged. Because if she was serious about this, and it seemed that she was, I might be able to get Taylor at least partly on-board with the harem thing right here and now. Not in the way I had hoped - where all of my girls love me more than they hate the idea of sharing and we all live happily ever after - but simply because she didn't believe that she had a chance with me at all if other girls were in the picture, and was happy to get any slice of the pie at all by luring me away from what she imagined was a happy, loyal relationship. I wasn't at all like that with Emma, but she didn't know that - although I could picture that she was imagining herself cucking an Emma-like person when she pictured the kind of girl likely to be on the same level as a superhero boyfriend at her school.

The idea behind it all was a bit fucked up, even if normal people did it all the time. But did I really have any room to criticise how Taylor attempted to get together with me when I'd mastered her to get this far? Probably not. Clinginess, a bit of desperation and a willingness to compromise could be expected once my power got involved. I lost any ground to judge people on a long time ago.

I'd better follow along with what she was saying. I fill in the silence with an admission. "It's true, we guys do tend to think with our dicks a lot of the time." I shake my head. "And I can't deny that I've thought about it before, I just never thought it would be fair to act on those thoughts. Not only because, obviously, I could never fully commit in the way that you would deserve - but also because of this mask."

That has her attention. "How so?"

I spread my hands to the side. "In other circumstances, there wouldn't be any issue with it. But we aren't just seeing each other as students or colleagues. I'm the hero Void Cowboy. You're the hero Bug, name pending approval. We're both hiding our real identities, and we've obviously got good reasons for that. How can I ask us to be in a relationship when I can't bring myself to reveal my face? It's a step that neither of us could take back, even if our partnership broke down or we had an argument." I shake my head. "We'd always know each other's identities, and there's no way either of us could ignore that when interacting with the other. What if you recognised me from school if I took my mask off? What if we had some longstanding feud out of costume, what if you didn't like the real me or somehow found that the real me didn't match up to the reality of the hero you respected?"

"It wouldn't be like that-" Taylor's half-hearted protest lacks conviction. This was cruel. I was cruel. Because for all that I was talking about me, I was actually talking about Taylor. She'd hear every word here and realise how it applied to her situation. I'm sure if I'd pushed it, or had just let things play out - she'd have done a tearful face-reveal with a statement about how much she trusted me by now. I couldn't afford that, because reciprocating would just end in as many tears as earlier today. Instead, I'll lay out every one of Taylor's likely insecurities and fears in front of her. It wasn't a matter of trust, but how much she feared my reaction to 'poor, pathetic Taylor' being the heroine Bug.

Whichever way she took this, any result was better than her forging ahead with what was probably her original plan. If she chickened out, fine. If she went ahead, satisfied with keeping it in-costume? Also fine. If we dropped the subject entirely until we were both ready? Acceptable. Anything other than her outing herself to me, and being hurt whether I revealed myself back or not.

I keep my tone even. "I don't mean it to say that you would be judgmental or anything, I know that you're a good person - but, well. It's just a big step to take. I'm sure you have your own reasons as well, though I won't pry." I didn't need to pry. I knew everything already. "Yet, at the same time - I feel like I'd be asking too much of you if I were to ask us to be something more, while leaving the masks on. That's why I never said anything. Why I kept my feelings as simple attraction and never anything more, because I couldn't promise you what you would deserve if push came to shove. It would just feel unfair to you."

"It's not unfair!" She protests again. "We're both- we're both in the same situation. You don't need to worry about something as stupid as not being able to see each other's face, when we've come this far without it. The person I like isn't someone I know from school, it's the person in front of me now. Just because I've never seen his full face, doesn't mean I can't recognise my own feelings. What does it even matter if you have a second persona? The one I like is the guy in front of me, and if you like the person in front of you - then isn't that all that's really important?"

I suppress a grin. Oh, she's totally onboard with keeping our masks on. But I shouldn't let my eagerness show. I'm supposed to be a good, upstanding and moral guy being led astray by a temptress, I need to make all the right noises in protest and have her blow right past them - something she seems more than willing to do.

I raise my voice in faux-concern. "You say that, but is that really something you are fine with? I could be absolutely anyone behind the mask. A violent thug with a body count. Some misogynistic asshole with an overinflated ego. A complete playboy with no intention of stopping his womanizing ways just because he's seeing someone in his alter-ego." Or all of the above. Self-awareness, ho! Self-reflection, except for the bit where I actually try to improve myself. I was fine being a pretty terrible human being if it led to where I thought it was leading. "You don't know anything about me beyond the mask, can you handle that in a real relationship? I already said that I'm seeing someone else right now, is that really something that you can look past?"

"Of course I can!" She protests, even as her arms tighten around me in an unconscious embrace. "We've worked together for months now, you think I haven't gotten to know you at all in that time? I know that you aren't a bad person. That other girl, she doesn't need to know about anything that happens when you're wearing the mask. The only people that would know are us and-" Taylor looks down, then to the side. "-I'm okay with it if you are?"

If Taylor's self-esteem issues were a person, I would kiss them right now. It was obvious in hindsight, me being the dashing, charismatic, awesome-name-having hero that I am - it was obvious that she would assume I was in a committed relationship with one of the hottest girls in the school under my real name. And, to be honest, that wasn't that far off after today. The fact that she'd made a move on me anyway, meant that she was under the impression that she was stealing me away from someone else - at least, the Cape side of me. And was completely fine with that.

Naughty Taylor. Don't you know that NTR is a trash fetish? I wouldn't exactly let that fact stop me either, but at least I acknowledge the hypocrisy.

But this all worked out nicely for me. With her reputation and general self-esteem, trying to go from friends-with-benefits with Void Cowboy to a public relationship with the imagined stud behind the mask must seem like an insurmountable task if there was a rival of any real social clout in the way. In her mind, she was probably being realistic. In crude terms, settling for being the side-bitch - setting her hooks in via the only facet of my life she believes that she has a chance over the competition. And, in fairness, having literal superpowers is a significant advantage over 99.9% of the population. If she wasn't gunning for me, specifically, it might have worked out great when it came to make a hard choice a year or two down the line. If I wasn't explicitly gunning for a harem of the hottest and most powerful chicks in the world, it might really have worked out well in the long term. But, she didn't have the right context to really understand what motivates me.

I would be lying if I said I was looking at this entirely with glee. Despite our falling out earlier, I genuinely liked Taylor. I didn't want to see her putting herself down like this. It was undeniably a toxic, unhealthy mindset that she'd put herself in - and I wasn't entirely sure how much of that was the emotions of the day still running high and how much of it was just... normal Taylor.

The question was if I was actually going to do anything about that uncomfortable feeling that I was the bad guy here. I mean, I could accept that I was kind of the bad guy with all of the mastering and all of that, but that didn't mean that I enjoyed taking advantage of others. Like in an RPG playing as an evil guy, it was one thing to take all of the murderous options - but it was still difficult to pick the mean dialogue options to people who didn't deserve it.

A better man would have been dismayed at the lack of self-confidence on display. The casual inferiority that she had internalised towards other girls her age. The clear line that she'd drawn between her Cape-self and school-self, all but screaming to the world that even if Taylor was a nobody - at least Bug could have some value. That hypothetical, good-natured guy would have helped her. Solved her problems at school, got her into a healthy mental state and only then accepted a loving, healthy relationship before sailing off into the sunset. The idea of taking advantage of this situation would have been anathema to a better man.

But a better man would never have gotten this far. Besides, it would have to be one hell of a better man to do all of that. I think I was pretty average here, come to think of it. I don't think many guys would turn down an advance like this, including implicit permission to pursue other girls, in an identity that isn't even attached to their real name. The only reason most guys would back out was that it was too good to be true, but with the assurance that this was just the kind of scenario my power led to - I think most of the city would be willing to go along with Taylor's misunderstandings if it meant getting laid.

Even if I wasn't actively looking for ways to get my current and future girls to come around on the idea of a harem, this was perfect for anyone - at least in the short term. An outcome I'd have never imagined to even be possible without clearing her challenges completely. Not that I could ever have predicted all these different factors coming together to make it all possible in the mess that was Taylor's mind right now.

And it was so, so convenient to me. A perfect cocktail of coincidences that Taylor's own mental state and my power had served up to me, tantalising in its potency. Especially given how I already knew my power's bonuses acted as a multiplier off of relationships that already existed, perhaps I wouldn't even need to wait for Taylor's apology - after a few days of an explicit relationship, the next upgrade could have me outright demand it while throwing in some of Emma's perverted musings into the deal. This entire, messy situation navigated without incident. That would be nice.

I smile lightly. "You already know that I'm fine with it. My only concern was that it wouldn't be fair to you - and if you don't think it's a real issue, then I don't see any reason why we can't get a little closer from now on." Taylor's growing, infectious smile almost looks out of place on her usually-dour face. The quick step to close the distance between us, the momentary hesitation and then the pout only doubles that impression. "Something wrong?"

"It felt like the perfect time for a kiss to seal the deal, but that mask of yours is in the way." She almost sounds sulky. "I preferred the half-mask you wore last week."

"I do too." I admit, both hands coming up to land on her hips as she steps close to me. "But I figured this would be a little bit safer in case the ABB managed to get the jump on me."

"There's no ABB here. Nobody else at all, really. There was a camera in the corner, but I had my bugs take care of that before we even set foot in here. That Girl-" Despite the tension in the air, I can't quite stop the quiver in my lips as I hear the capital letters slam into place around Sophia's new title. Not that I was opposed to Taylor feeling a little jealous and competitive. It was good for the ego. "-isn't due to arrive for another hour or two, so we'll need to find a way to entertain ourselves while we wait for her to arrive. There's not even time for a real patrol, we'll have to think of something else." Taylor presses herself a little bit forward as I reciprocate, a small, self-satisfied smile on her face as she speaks.

I let my expression mirror hers. "Maybe we could get back to our previous topic. Admiring your choice in costume! With that conversation out of the way, I feel like I can be a bit more honest about how much I appreciate the look." My hands inch downwards. Taylor wasn't curvy, by any stretch of the imagination, but despite her own misgivings on the subject - she was definitely feminine enough to fill out a skintight bodysuit nicely. I'd been wanting to cop a feel or twenty ever since I first realised that the armoured part of the suit could come off separately - and now I had all the opportunity I needed to verify that Taylor actually did have a perfectly respectable ass.

Not 'quite' at Emma levels, but pretty close to par with Sophia. More than enough for me to appreciate. Definitely more than enough for me to have fantasised plenty of times about busting a load in and all over it. And now, those dreams were getting close to reality. Patience, Greg.

"I should hope so too. This look was for your benefit, after all." Taylor responds drily, oblivious to my internal musing. "But you don't have to limit yourself to just my costume."

I wasn't planning to. "Oh?" I encourage her.

Taylor flushes and leans into me. "W-well. If I'm going to be your girlfriend, as in, Void's girlfriend-" She hastily adds that last part, as if to forestall some imagined rejection at the mention of the word. "-then it only makes sense that we do, you know, boyfriend/girlfriend things together."

Obviously, Taylor. There's no way that any sane person would be on this end of the conversation we just had and think that we were going to be hugging each other once a week and kissing each other on the cheek like we were toddlers on a playground playing pretend-parents. I've been wanting to paint your insides white for the best part of a year, and I swear by any god that's listening I'm gonna do it at the earliest opportunity if it kills me.

But I don't say that. Because Void Cowboy is a nice guy. A hero. Compassionate. Someone who cares about the feelings of his girls. Chivalrous in the face of a blushing, unsure maiden. Something like that. "Only if you're ready to take that step yourself." I assure her, injecting warmth into my voice. "I don't want you to feel like you need to push yourself to do something that you aren't sure about."

Some of the hesitancy bleeds out of her frame. "Right. I'm not ready yet-" She pauses, then flails her arms around to the side. "-as in, I hadn't really planned out this far. I completely intend to do everything you would expect from the perfect girlfriend, but I need to, um, find a place that sells-" She gestures downwards, face utterly scarlet. "-just in case-"

"Birth control, I get it. No need to explain yourself to me." I don't explain that I have a decent selection of condoms available right now. Don't need any awkward questions about why I have those in my hero costume, why the pack is half-empty or provide any precedent for Taylor not to handle this side of things herself. I certainly didn't intend to stop myself from going into any of my regular girls raw anytime soon, I felt pretty comfortable leaving the more personal decisions to them. It was only the occasional one-offs out in the city that I sometimes relied on the rubber for.

"Right. I just-" Taylor sighs. "-I just don't want you to feel disappointed that we're not... doing that. Right away, I mean. I'm nervous, but I really do want this. Want us." She emphasises. "It's not because I'm a prude or anything, and I know what I'm signing up for. Everything that going out with you might entail. I'm fine with it! Everything your other girlfriend does for you, I'll do it better. Just- just let me build up to it." She looks painfully embarrassed. "I've never even kissed any- a guy before, it's a bit of a change for me to even be thinking about this sort of thing." I note the pause and hasty correction, but opt not to challenge it.

"I can fix that, if you want." I offer.

She flushes and shakes her head. "Not without taking that mask off. I don't want to be difficult, I'm happy to keep this to an in-costume thing. I don't want to be difficult."

"I don't think it's that much of an obstacle." I argue. "You can't see through your bugs yet, right?"

"See through them?" Taylor looks taken aback at the thought. "No, I- I don't think that's even possible. I mean, I guess I do get some kind of feedback from them - but it's all I can really do to shut it all out. There's too much to really parse at once. I've been trying to work on sound, but..." She trails off, lost in thought. "No luck yet. Maybe it is possible, and I just haven't worked it out - or maybe it just doesn't work. I don't know."

"I'll take that as a work in progress then." I nod. "Then, if we can just cover your eyes then my identity is safe if the mask comes off. Your mask doesn't get in the way, and we can have some fun ticking one more thing off of your bucketlist."

"I wouldn't peek, but actually-" Taylor straightens. "We- we can do that. I have a blindfold in my bag."

I raise an eyebrow. "You do?"

Taylor nods happily, rooting through her usual patrol supplies. "I thought it would be good to have a proper way to hold Oni Lee if we ever ended up fighting him again. Putting a bucket over his head doesn't quite feel as safe as something made for the purpose of blocking his vision."

"Once again, your preparation dwarfs mine." I make a mock bow.

She huffs. "I don't know why you bother worrying about me getting in a fight when you don't have any of this." She pats her supply bag. "What if you get injured, or need to provide first-aid? Do you even have zip-ties?"

"It's different for me." I protest. "I have the powers to win in a straight melee if they want to try something - and a lot of the people I beat up end up with a broken bone or two so they usually aren't rushing to escape." I smile winsomely. "And besides, I have a lovely partner who is thoughtful enough to bring all of that instead."

Taylor tries and fails to maintain her stern expression, the corners of her mouth turning up into a pleased smile at my words before she turns away sharply to hide her face. "I suppose there is that." She holds the black cloth over her head. "Help me with this?"

I dutifully wrap the thick cloth around the top of Taylor's mask several times, tucking the spare cloth under the wrapping to secure it firmly as Taylor shakes her head to the side to confirm that it isn't going to slip.

Well then. I wet my lips briefly as Taylor looks around from her position on the floor. Time for the moment of truth. I lift my full-face helmet off and over my head. No reaction. No outburst. Looks like she was telling the truth about not being able to see through her bugs yet. I'd suspected that to be the case, I'd have been shocked if Taylor had actually lied about that - but the thought had been lurking at the back of my mind. The question of exactly how challenge-Taylor had gained such a trick was still up in the air, after all. A second trigger? A boost from someone like Teacher? Simple proficiency with her power? I had no way of knowing, only that she hadn't seemed to display the capability yet.

Maybe it was a pointless risk to take when I wasn't 100% sure, but it felt right - and it wasn't like being wrong would get me killed, it would just lose me access to Taylor as a partner for maybe the time it took me to beat one more challenge. Assuming, of course, that the discovery of my two identities didn't shock Taylor into realising I actually hadn't done anything wrong.

I set the helmet down on the ground, and in the next motion, gently push an unresisting Taylor backwards to the wall. I take a moment to appreciate the sight. A squirming, flushing, expectant Taylor. Lips, slightly parted in anticipation. Undersuit, clinging to her body and leaving no curve to the imagination. A Taylor that was happy - eager - to be claimed as mine. Not under my real name, but that only put a small damper on things. This was still something that I'd wanted for a long time. Something that I'd once dreamed of happening after I got powers, even if I'd been thinking more along the lines of being a knight in shining armour than what had actually happened. Even if my end goal had changed... it still felt good, feeling an old ambition being achieved.

I bring my lips forward to meet hers, and claim my prize. A chase meeting of the lips at first, but with Taylor so eagerly compliant I move to match her in enthusiasm. One hand clasps with hers and is held firmly against the wall, possessively keeping her in place - while the other slides along the curves of her costume, questing for the gaps in the side to allow my roaming fingers access underneath the thin layer of fabric. All the while, Taylor gets an express lesson in how to properly use her tongue at times like this.

Can't get lost in the moment. As eager as Taylor is, as eager as I am, I've got to remember that my sensibilities are very different to hers right now. My instincts were all ready to rip the last scrap of clothing off of her and rail her against the wall until Shadow Stalker arrives - but Taylor... she probably wasn't ready for that. Nor did I need her to be. Not today. There wasn't a rush. The only way to fuck this up was to scare Taylor off by pushing her a little bit too far out of her comfort zone. Even with Emma, I'd eased her into becoming my on-demand suckslut for a while before I finally took her completely. I could go faster than that with Taylor, certainly, but not so fast that I could safely take her from kissless, friendless virgin to a self-admitted slut like Emma in just a few minutes. The act of taking her virginity alone would be a momentous, significant occasion - for her, at least. Not something to be speedran as a matter of course.

Best to take it slow. Get her used to us feeling each other up in dark rooms and alleyways, get her used to draining my balls before every patrol, give her confidence in the idea that the two of us were a thing and that us doing sexual things together was fine and normal - and only then start to further her horizons as my personal slut. This was like a... staircase. Or a ladder. Each new step was uncharted territory for her, and it was hard to tell which one she'd shrink away from and decide that - for today at least - that was one step too far to take all at once. No different from an ordinary relationship, really. Probably. Not that I have the greatest experience in a standard relationship, but I talk with a lot of people online and I've played a lot of dating sims so I have a pretty good idea what I'm talking about.

Slow and steady wins the race, right? Or, did I just accept Taylor's outright mention of needing birth control before we went too far as the simple statement that it was - that the next time we met up, we'd be putting that birth control to the test? My gut said to do the former plan, reliable and slow, but I wasn't exactly going to resist if Taylor seemed onboard with going further and faster than expected. It wasn't like she had a group of friends to benchmark her relationship against, or to tell her if she's taking it a bit fast.

Either way, that was a future problem. Here, now, we weren't going to worry about it.

The more important thing to focus on here was easing Taylor into the next step - and if the way that she was practically throwing herself at me was any indication - that part was going quite nicely. I let my spare hand slide across her body. No resistance as I move along her hips, up to her chest - around the curve of her breasts, tracing over and around her nipples with only the thinnest of fabric between us. I roam further down her body, slowing as my fingers trail against the outline of her mound for the first time. Here, Taylor's enthusiastic kissing slows - a moment of processing the unspoken request interrupting the heat of the moment. Then, Taylor's legs imperceptibly widen against my touch - the closest thing to permission I'm ever going to get with both of our mouths otherwise occupied.

Taylor moans wordlessly into my mouth as I rub two fingers between her lips through her undersuit, grinding against her clit in circles as her hips buck upwards and against my hand in response to the motion. She breaks away from the kiss to gasp for air as my ministrations send shivers up her spine. "V-Void. You-" I silence her with my tongue again. I was enjoying this. A fresh appreciation for the current state of my life and my powers welling up within me at the succinct reminder that all the pain becomes worth it in the end. If you'd told the Greg of the past that for the sake of a little bit of trauma, he would get Taylor in this kind of situation? He'd have taken that deal on its own, even without the promise of more to come.

I let out a pleased hum to myself as my fingers report a growing, damp feeling as they press against Taylor's undersuit. Taylor herself seems oblivious, but I'll take that as a sign of a good job on my part. It would be better if the gaps in her remaining costume were large enough to fully slip my hand in and around her body, to do this exact movement without the costume in the way - but there was a certain appeal to making a mess of Taylor and her costume without ever actually touching her directly.

I break away first, taking no small amount of joy in the needy whine of complaint that the motion draws from her. A noise like that, coming from Taylor - Taylor! - of all people. Shy, stubborn, scowling Taylor. Every second of this was a minor miracle all on its own. It was one thing to see how my power had improved my life, but it was proving to be a real benefit for Taylor as well. I wasn't at all being harsh when I said that Taylor wouldn't be making much of herself without my power stepping in. She wouldn't even have me as her one, sole friend - recent argument aside - and certainly wouldn't be getting any action with the opposite sex if I hadn't stepped in to... save her. In a way. Maybe not the best word I could use... but I couldn't help but think that it wasn't entirely inappropriate either.

The fact of the matter was that she was exactly the same as me. If you took her current self, showed her past self and gave her the chance to go back... she'd never take it. Just because the upgrades my power handed out were tailor-made to benefit me... that didn't mean that they weren't upgrades in general as well.

"One more thing we can cross off your to-do list." I drawl.

A lazy smile glimmers on Taylor's face. "I'll give you that. A bit more intense than I expected." Taylor attempts to straighten out her mussed-up costume. "But not unpleasant."

"Just 'not unpleasant'?" I mimic an affronted tone. "I'm almost offended. My skills must have degraded."

"Clearly you need more practice." Taylor tells me wryly, slipping back into our more composed banter that is the norm on our patrols. "And we'll have to make plenty of time for that."

"I'll take that as a promise." I shake my head. "Hang on, I'll grab my helmet and you can take that off-"

"No." Taylor interrupts sharply.

I pause, mid-reach towards the floor. "No?"

"You don't have to take it off. I'll leave this on. I think I'll find this next part easier if I can't see anyone watching me." Taylor takes a step directly towards me, as I note an insect hanging on my shoulder - doubtless for her to use to track my position relative to her. "When you were pressed up against me, I could feel-" Taylor pauses, struggling with what word to use. "-it. It wouldn't be fair to have you do all of that, and not return the favour - right?"

I was in complete agreement, but I was supposed to be the gentleman here. I tilt my head to the side. "You don't have to push yourself. We've got all the time in the world."

"I do have to push myself." Taylor argues. "If I don't, I'll just get too comfortable with what I have - and eventually have it taken away from me by people who don't deserve it. If I can't handle your... needs, I can't even start to call myself your girlfriend in any capacity. The other girl, she would do the same for you." It wasn't a question. "I can do anything she can. End of story."

"And you think the blindfold will help with that?" I question.

Taylor pauses. "I don't really need to see, do I? I can just go-" She makes a crude jerking motion with her hand. "-like that? It's complicated, but I feel like if I can't see you watching me - I'll be less self-conscious about what I'm doing. Even though you'll obviously be-" She waves a hand aimlessly in the air. "-you know. Watching."

I shrug. "It's your choice, I suppose. Doesn't make much of a difference to me."

A soft smile. "Thanks, I know it seems silly but-"

"No, no. I think it's admirable that you're stepping out of your comfort zone like this. You don't need to justify something small like that." I pause. "Some people are into that kind of thing anyway."

"Mmhm." Judging by the lack of reaction or hurried denials, that went completely over Taylor's head. Probably not as much of a porn addict as me, completely oblivious to the kinds of fetishes that were out there - even the tame ones.

Taylor stops in front of me. "How should I- I know what I'm supposed to do, obviously-" She rushes out. "-but, what position... do guys have a preference? Like, is it more comfortable to stand? Or do you prefer sitting? I can-"

"No need to be so nervous. I'm not going to run away just because it's your first time." I encourage her. "Let's keep it simple. I'll just stand here, based on my experience - most girls I meet find it easier to work on their knees."

"Most-" Taylor shakes her head, cutting off the question before it starts. "Okay. I'll do that then."

She awkwardly lowers herself to the ground, knees touching the ground and her bodyweight briefly resting on her ankles as she reaches her hands towards my waist - a nervous look of anticipation on what little I can see of her expression.

"Here, let me help with that." I handle my belt for her, sparing her the trouble of trying to navigate the various zippers and loops keeping her from her prize. Her questing hands find purchase on my clothes a moment later, and she shows surprisingly little hesitation about yanking them down and out of the way - only showing a hint of embarrassment as my cock springs free and lightly slaps against her head. Cool hands grasp the shaft a moment later - both of us pausing briefly as she idly squeezes my length, not unlike the first few times I'd gotten my hands on some tits.

"You'll let me know if I'm doing anything wrong, won't you?" Taylor slides one finger from tip to base, as if to measure it in her head. "You don't have to put up with something you don't like just to avoid hurting my feelings."

"To be honest, I think almost anything you do from that position will be something any guy would love to happen to them." I assure her. "Even just that-" I grunt as that one, lone finger trails back along the same path it took the first time. "-is kind of driving me wild."

"Really?" Taylor doesn't stop. "Well. I'm glad to hear that... but I still mean it. I'm not arrogant enough to think that I'm the expert here." Like That Slut. I mentally added the unsaid ending to that line. Jealous Taylor was kind of novel, a shame about the argument it took to get here - but the sense of brewing catfights over me was... kind of cool. Not the fights themselves, but the idea of being the kind of guy that those fights happened over. "If you don't like something, just let me know." Taylor orders me, shifting from light teasing into a firmer, all-encompassing grip around my cock as she performed her first, true stroke of my shaft.

This was great. Not just the handjob, but actually getting as far as a handjob without Taylor having a crisis about her life choices. It was good to know that I could get this far, with this level of interaction and this number of challenges. That was useful, relevant information that I could take into future encounters with gangs and the various hero groups of the city. "In my experience, as long as teeth don't get too involved - you can't really go wrong." I respond cheerily.

"Teeth? I wasn't-" She halts mid-sentence. "Well. I could- do people really-?" She runs her hand fully along my shaft again, as it to re-calculate the size. "I don't think I could even fit all of that inside me." She confesses. "It hadn't really crossed my mind." She returns to jerking me off.

"It's definitely something that needs to be learned by practice." I assure her. A hint of mischief pops up in the corner of my mind. Should I push her? It was no different than riling up Emma by talking about Taylor, just the exact reverse this time. "My girlfriend- my, ah, other girlfriend-" I correct myself. "-wasn't sure about it either, but she felt like she had to give it a go just because of what happens at the end. It was a choice between making a mess of our surroundings and leaving evidence of what we were doing, making a mess of her clothes or finishing inside of her mouth. Naturally, the latter was the preferred solution."

Taylor's lips pinch together. Hook. Line. Sinker. "I can see that. It would be rude to ruin this room, even as rundown as it is - it still doesn't belong to us. And I can't exactly wash out this costume properly without going home..."

"It's up to you." Technically true, but her next step was a foregone conclusion and we both knew it.

"...I can do it. It's not a big deal." With her blindfold still on, there's no need to hide my smile as she rises to the 'challenge'. She would hate the similarities I was drawing between her and Emma, but it was kind of funny that as much as they both hated each other - it seemed the easiest way to get both of them begging for my dick was just to hint at the existence of the other person.

"Either way, if you keep up like that - you'll have to decide really fast." I warn her. She hadn't stopped while mulling over the idea, and her firm, fast strokes were definitely sufficient to drive me all the way to the edge. To the point that, if I hadn't been deliberately holding myself back, she'd be utterly coated in my cum already. A fine look, in my opinion, but I don't think she would appreciate it as much as me at this stage.

Taylor takes a moment to comprehend my meaning, then starts as she realises the implication. She inches forward on her knees, mouth opening wide just as she gets close enough to guide my full length to sit at its entrance - resting on top of her tongue as she uses both of her hands to massage my cock at an even faster and more aggressive pace than before.

I rest one hand at the back of her head, trying to refrain from the natural instinct to take full control and start fucking her throat directly. Finally, Taylor's ministrations overwhelm any attempt at resistance I might have made. "T-Bug, I'm going to cum!"

"O'ay." Taylor affirms as best she can in her current position. "I-" Whatever she might have said next, gets cut off by the initial torrent of my seed. To her credit and my partial surprise, she manages not to panic or jerk backwards in a way that would have me - 'tragically' - unload all over her face and chest instead. Instead, she gets straight to swallowing even as she continues to milk my cock with her hands. A few stray droplets escape the side of her lips, but by keeping just my tip inside her mouth there's plenty of room to take my load without any major spills.

Shame. I was kind of looking forward to the alternative, even if this was probably the 'best' outcome.

I can't hold back the unconscious groan as Taylor rinses another splatter of seed out of me, the intensity dropping notably compared to the first eruption. She fully closes her lips around my tip as the burst reduces to a trickle, one that is only briefly intensified as she forms a vice-grip on my cock and drags it all the way up the shaft as if squeezing the last bit of sauce out of a wrapper. One, final flick of her tongue and Taylor releases her grip on me - leaving my freshly-cleaned cock exposed to the air.

She audibly swallows, looking contemplative. "That didn't feel so bad. Was it- did I do alright?"

I blink at the sudden transformation between apparent seductress and flushing teenager. The unexpected display of natural talent almost had me forgetting that this was... well. Taylor.

"That was brilliant." I tell her honestly. "I didn't expect you to be anywhere near as good as that."

A sigh of relief. "That's good." She tilts her head. "Do you want me to do it again then?"

I wave my hands in the air, pointless with the blindfold - but the instinct is too strong. "Not right now." I needed some time to recharge. It was one thing to go twice or even three times in a row if you'd been backed up for a while - I could manage that without any help when finding the perfect game or the perfect video - having a number of eager, hot women on hand to help only made it easier. The issue came when you weren't backed up. Emma had drained my balls before classes had even started today, and then we'd spent the best part of an entire period outright fucking in an abandoned classroom after Taylor had her... little meltdown. It had only been a few hours since then, and while I'd credit my power with driving my libido through the roof - even I was going to need a breather to recharge now and then.

I note Taylor's disappointment and hasten to amend my statement. "I'm a guy, you know - we need to recharge every now and then. Shadow Stalker isn't due for the best part of an hour - what do you say we try a repeat performance just before she's due to arrive at the meeting spot? I'd love a round two, and that way we can be sure that I won't have any awkward erections when we start sparring - you know, from hanging around such a beautiful heroine all afternoon." I grab my helmet off of the floor, slipping it back over my head with familiar ease.

The light returns to Taylor's expression as she lifts her blindfold up and away a moment later. Did she have a bug on the helmet? Maybe I'd been underestimating her situational awareness when limited to pure feedback from her bugs. "This is why we're such a great team. You have the best plans." She pats herself on the chest. "And you're quite right. She's just an acquaintance, not a long-term partner. There's no need for her to have anything to do with this or get any funny ideas - so I'll have to take care of it before she arrives." She pokes my dick meaningfully as I tuck it back away, an impish smile on her face. "Every time before she arrives. Just to be safe. You're mine, remember? As Void, at least." She amends that last part quietly.

I think of my future plans. My plans for an extended weekend sleeping over with the Trio. My burning determination that I was getting a foursome this weekend or dying in the attempt.

"Sure." The lie slips from my tongue like molten butter in the summer sun. "All yours."

--

AN: This was supposed to be a 2-parter as the chapter got chunky, so this side was a little bit small at 15k as this seemed like the best place to cut it. Then the second part alone became 28K words and I realised I couldn't really just slam them together without making a monster of a chapter.

If you want to read that next part now, it's over at my Patreon. Naturally, that part will come down to this thread too at some stage - either when it's sat there for a little too long or I have another chapter to bump it down the chain.

I'll update the challenge sheet tomorrow evening, or whenever I get sufficient motivation. Or maybe I'll forget again, who knows.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Toddball and 775 others
Tamzar
Aug 2, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Eighteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Oct 15, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,599
I land on the rooftop with a simple shoulder-roll to break my fall. Not entirely necessary when my speed-state was active at these heights, but it was both good practice for my general skills of parkour and also made me feel cool as hell when doing it.

And it meant that I didn't have to wait for the speed-state-less Taylor to finish climbing the ladder to meet us up here. Climbing up the taller building next door and jumping the gap was both practical and, as mentioned previously, cool.

"You're late." Shadow Stalker is unimpressed as Taylor joins us, slinging herself up and over the side of the wall - undoubtedly lamenting her own lack of movement powers. Sorry Taylor, but at least downtown Brockton Bay is practically drowning in old fire escape stairs and easy rooftop access. Sure, we could have met at the street level - but meeting on rooftops was heroics 101. It was basically mandatory! We weren't some group of normies meeting outside our favourite cafe, we needed to have our super-powered hangout spots in traditional locations!

"A little early, actually. We met up a bit in advance of the scheduled time - something we do quite a lot, usually to get in a quick exploration of our patrol area done in advance." Not entirely a lie, that was usually what we did - just not this time. "No disrespect was intended, time got away from us a bit - and I can personally attest to the fact that Bug here started working twice as fast once she realised you were already up here, just to keep everything on schedule. Personally, I admire her enthusiasm."

A trio of flies furiously pound into my helmet visor, although Taylor's face remains impassive as she dusts herself off - a faint dusting of colour on her cheeks that could easily be mistaken for simple exertion in the limited streetlight. Were the insects the closest I was going to get to a cliche kick-underneath-the-table when she gets embarrassed about an innuendo or two?

Well. It's fine. Taylor knew exactly what I was referring to, while Shadow Stalker would be all-too-familiar with the pain of patrolling with a non-mover teammate. Both would hear what they expected to hear from my words. Shadow Stalker would be slightly mollified in the understanding that we weren't making her wait deliberately, just running from a good distance away at a normal person's pace - and therefore wouldn't even consider the possibility that we were just across the street, barely sixty seconds away, only delayed because Taylor really, really wanted to finish working out how to do a blowjob properly before we left to join the Ward. That little detail would probably bruise Sophia's ego.

"It's fine," Shadow Stalker says dismissively, looking out over the city. "Just so long as this doesn't become a regular thing. I've got better things to do than sit around waiting for some baby Capes to work out how to keep track of time."

"A pair of baby Capes that took down Oni Lee." Taylor interjects, clearly opposed to the label.

"Which is the only reason I'm giving you the time of day. You proved that you weren't all talk, that's all." She looks Taylor up and down. "So you're the mysterious partner, I assume."

"That's right." Taylor sounds neutral, but the hidden swarm clinging to the walls behind us added an audible hum to the words as background noise - adding a hint of threat without the slightest change in tone.

"Hmph." Sophia finishes her inspection of the other girl. "I'm told that you want to stop being a liability and come out from hiding behind the coattails of Void Cowboy over there. That right?"

I wave my hands. "That's not what I-"

"Sure, you could say that." Taylor agrees placidly.

I deflate. I kind of expected Taylor to blow up at that, or start glaring at me for Sophia framing my request in the worst way possible... but apparently Taylor didn't entirely disagree with the assessment. Or, maybe this was just tame - by her standards. Sophia might be out to get her, but from her perspective, Shadow Stalker was just an abrasive, too-blunt hero who had taken her own time to come and help. The fact that she was a girl might have triggered some resentment and jealousy when it came to me, but maybe Taylor actually... liked Shadow Stalker? In principle?

Shadow Stalker nods slowly. "Fine then. I'm gonna be blunt, I'm probably a shit teacher and you'll never be better at me in a pure, straight-up fight anyway just because of my powers. But if you're willing, I'll beat you up until you work out your own way to fight back. Or dodge. Makes no difference to me."

"That works for me." Taylor steps closer to the centre of the rooftop. "I won't be using my powers. It would defeat the whole point if I beat you too easily, and I wouldn't get better at the only thing you're here to help me learn."

"Hah!" Shadow Stalker saunters forward, her mood vastly improved from her initial sourness already. "I like that attitude. I've seen a few videos of your little bug collection in action, so I'll chalk that down to confidence and not arrogance-" Shadow Stalker turns to wispy smoke, starting from her lower torso and leaving her outer limbs and face untouched - the rate of expansion slowing to a crawl as more and more of her body converts to smoke. "-but all using your powers would do would force me to end every fight like this as fast as I can, without giving your creepy pets the chance to bite anything important. Don't get ahead of yourself. Regardless of what you do, these fights are all going to have the same outcome."

Two solid arms are all that's left of Sophia before she fully returns to the physical world once more. At my current challenge level, Sophia couldn't do that deliberately - but I'd probably have to deal with that at some later stage. It was probably a safe assumption that she couldn't breathe properly after a certain part of her was in the shadow state - she seemed to be talking fine when her lungs were gone, but I would suspect that the face was left out of the conversion for longer for more reasons than simply to talk properly. The fact that once she slipped her head into the shadow state, the rest of the transformation only held for a few seconds was telling. I knew she could hold her usual state for longer than that, did her body use oxygen at its normal rate if any part of her was solid? There must be some interaction like that, if it had no limits - Sophia would have gone the entire first round in that state just to prove a point.

I shake my head. No need to speculate on incomplete data. I'd likely see it again at some point, if not in person, then in my challenges where I could experiment safely.

Taylor steps forward again to match her. "Guess we'll see."

There's a hint of something in Sophia's voice that I can't quite recognise. "Guess we will. I'll try not to do anything permanent, but no hard feelings if I accidentally break your nose? You did ask for this." Sophia's mask hides any real facial expression, but I can hear the grin in her voice.

"As long as there are no hard feelings when I break yours." Taylor gives a tight smile in response.

I take a step back as they lunge at each other, unable to shake the feeling that there has been a complete misunderstanding here that's resulted in them actually getting along better than expected. Taylor's being overly hostile and aggressive because Shadow Stalker is a girl in my general vicinity, while Sophia thinks she's found a kindred spirit - someone who just gets her.

I had a whole introduction lined up, a plan to go on a pleasant little patrol to bond over beating up drug dealers - a nice way to break the ice before I raised the idea of finding a place to spar, but evidently, both girls have been looking forward to this all day and would rather get right into it. If I spoke up now, I'm pretty sure both of them would join forces to tell me where to shove my plans for the evening.

I shouldn't complain, really. This was... better, right? Taylor and Sophia getting along in some twisted, violence-heavy kind of way was good in the same way that Taylor getting on with Void Cowboy while raging at Greg was good. One day, when real and Cape identities clashed - the result would be a little bit more positive with less chance of a meltdown. That, and I fully intended for these sparring sessions to eventually be a glorified excuse for a threesome with both girls fully on board with the idea. While some work needed to happen on Sohpia's challenges first, the actual convincing of the pair into the idea after that would go a lot easier if they got along in some fashion.

"Keep off the ground-" I blink as I realise that Sophia is already manipulating Taylor into a submission hold after a botched attempt at sweeping Sophia's legs. Not terribly surprising. Even in the later challenges, Taylor had never been a strong close-quarters combatant. Capable of throwing a punch, perhaps, but never enough to close the gap against a superior opponent. If she had worked out her challenge-selfs trick with the bugs and the strings, that might change - but even then, just as I had been handily beating that Taylor not too long ago, it wouldn't easily beat someone with a power purely suited to melee beatdowns. That, and Sophia had literal years of combat experience on her. "-against someone stronger than you!" One arm tightens back. "Yield."

Taylor struggles for a moment, visibly frustrated before going limp. "Yield."

Sophia hops off, letting Taylor rise again. "Less pathetic than I expected. Don't do that shit again, you won't even win against me if this turns into a grappling match - you'll never win against any guy that isn't a cripple. You're at a disadvantage, Cape or not. You need to be smarter, never let it turn into a dick-measuring contest about muscles." Sophia tilts her head to the side. "How well can you use your bugs?"

Wordlessly, the twilight behind Taylor disappears as a chittering horde blackens the area behind her as the entire swarm rises into the sky in a near-solid wall of chitin twice her height.

"Creepy." She shrugs. "Not what I asked. Sure, you can drop them all on someone you don't like - but how much control do you have if that doesn't win the fight outright?"

"I can control them all individually, with their own unique orders - if it comes down to it. Why?" Taylor questions.

"I want you to use them." Sophia waves off the protest. "Not like you usually do. I'm not putting up with a million little bug-bites while trying to get some sleep tonight. Pretend your swarm just got hit with some bug spray or something. Take a fraction of those, and then fight me as if I was a Brute. You do know what a Brute is, right?"

"I'm not that stupid." Taylor lets the annoyance shine through in her voice, as if I hadn't needed to explain half of the Cape rules to her across our first patrol or two.

She pats her chest. "Imagine my power is that I just can't be damaged or harmed by your bugs. I've got a forcefield at my skin or something, whatever. You can use your bugs to distract me, get in the way, try and block my vision... that sort of stuff. You understand?"

"And what's the point in me doing that?" Taylor probes. "The entire point of this was to fight without my powers, remember?"

"Bullshit." Sophia snorts. "The entire point of this was to get you to not be a liability when someone gets past your swarm and finds the real you. Maybe your boy-toy over there was thinking that we had the time to mirror the whole training plan that the Wards like to do. All sorts of fancy instructors trying to teach you the basics without your power ever getting involved, but I don't have the time or the patience - so we'll have to skip ahead to a more realistic scenario. You, having already sent your main swarm out to handle whatever, find that some goon circled around and is about to try and cave your skull in. You've got only the bare minimum number of bugs to protect yourself that you can gather from around you - time for you to go all-out with what you have."

"He's not my-" Taylor stops. "-a-anyway, fighting with a power against someone with no powers is a bit..."

Sophia interrupts. "Unfair? The people with no powers are some of the most dangerous ones in the Bay, not to mention the most common fight you'll ever have in your career - however long or short that is." Shadow Stalker shakes her head. "I can count, what, three people with powers around here that might deliberately kill you if they decisively won the fight and had you at their mercy? Less than that, if you ever joined the Wards. Not many people in the Cape scene want that kind of heat or attention, they don't want the precedent to be set that people with powers die if they lose a fight. They'll beat you black and blue, break some bones to keep you down and then sail off to do whatever they were doing before as they post their victory speech on PHO. The ones who will try and kill you, are the ones that are desperate, stupid or otherwise fucked in the head. Druggies. Murderers. Drunks. They're the ones to stick a knife in your neck or a bullet in your head if you give them a chance. They're not thinking about consequences, just the fact that someone a lot stronger than them is trying to send them to life in prison. Don't underestimate cornered rats, right?"

Taylor seems to accept that reasoning, giving a terse nod as the majority of her swarm backs away - leaving a much-smaller ring of flying insects circling around her body.

For my part, I clap politely at the speech, causing Sophia to whirl around to jab her finger at me pointedly. "What's so funny for the guy that's doing a grand total of fucking nothing this evening? Speak up."

"I just thought it was a good, educational speech. Very impressive." I drawl. "I didn't know that you knew that many words."

Both feet angle towards me as she reorients herself. I know what her expression looks like under the mask, because challenge-Sophia fell for the same cheap bait too. "Fuck you, dickless." Same response, even. The missing months in between her current challenge and her current self evidently hadn't done much for character development on that front. "Don't think that this is a two-person affair. If you think that I'm not here to beat your ass too after that cheap shot last time, you've got another thing coming."

"I was counting on it." I let the smile into my voice. "Although, what's your preference? You keep your powers, I'll not use mine? I would love to demonstrate what a normal fight looks like, but I'm a bit more experienced than Bug over there - so it probably wouldn't be that worthwhile."

"Maybe try winning without a cheap trick and running away before bringing out that kind of arrogance." Sophia is fully facing me now, slowly closing the distance without breaking into a full charge. Yet.

I spread my hands to the side. "It's only arrogance if I can't back it up." Talking with Sophia like this was always fun. I'd grown into the easy, casual banter against her challenge-self and the real deal didn't seem to have changed much from the template.

"Then let's see you actually make me use my powers first!" She lunges at me, having closed half the distance between us while we were trading banter.

Duck. Weave. Block. Block again. Overhead. Counter. Sophia lets out a grunt as I send her searching fist wide and send my own crashing into her chest.

After a moment, I wince. "...Ouch." I didn't get that solid of a connection onto this part of her armour the 'first' time we fought, and this variant of her costume had more refined edges than her challenge-self. Padding was one thing, but punching something with a solid edge actually hurt. Could be worse. It wasn't sharp, or as hard as actual power armour. It was just... blocky. Ow. "Your costume hurts more than you do, who would have guess-eep!" My attempt at a taunt falls short as I fall for the feint at my shoulder, narrowly escaping a full-power kick to the balls by throwing myself backwards.

"Seems there's been a big misunderstanding. Your voice threw me off at first-" Sophia is smirking behind her mask. I know it. "Let's have a girl's night out in town after this. Just the three of us-"

"My voice cracked." I defend myself. "Happens to the best of us. It's a sign of a bold, confident man coming into his own."

"If you say so~" I scowl at the falsetto she retorts with.

I need to practice manlier screams, apparently. Not that I should have really worried that much, this costume had a protective cup that was... somewhat adequate for the task. I was just very much used to fighting Sophia with absolutely none of that protection, resulting in my trauma-inspired instincts to take over and...

Stop it, Greg. The only way to salvage your reputation is to finish what you started. Sophia is confident for a reason. A really, really good reason. She's an excellent combatant on her own, with one of the best non-Brute powersets for this kind of fight in the entire city. But she thinks this is my second fight with her. Not my twentieth. Not my fiftieth. I've lost count at this point. Four, five times a school day if I can track her down at the right times in between lessons.

She has absolutely no idea how well I know her. I bet I know more of her tricks than most of the Wards do after months of working alongside her.

I step into her range again, ignoring her taunt. Left jab. Again. Her feet shift slightly back- and I lunge, catching her flat-footed attempting to send a high, spinning kick at my head as she senses an opening. An opening I've made before. Multiple times.

But never in real life. I body-check her motion before it can truly begin, knocking her off-balance and tackling her to the ground. I shove away the hand attempting to latch on to my own clothes, trying to use her momentum to spin me to the bottom position in her place - but I'm already well-used to it. Sophia hits the ground. My fist impales the place her face was an instant later.

Sophia reforms. "That was-" My elbow spins off to my side, even before the cloud has finished reforming. She fades out again before it lands. "That-" My hand is already at the thickest part of the cloud, just a few steps away - same height, same tell as the outer smoke seems to wisp towards where she intends to start reforming. My hand is already wrapped around her face as I tackle her to the ground again. She erupts into another batch of smoke. The challenge-version of her would fully back away by now in this position, escaping upwards or through an obstacle that I couldn't follow through - but at the start, when the challenge version was more confident in her superiority... I throw myself into a spin along the ground. Gaining just enough momentum in my turn to immediately spin her off of her new position on top of me back down to the ground.

I pause, waiting for the next move. And I wait. And I wait. Two mixed sets of heavy-breathing breaking up the bustle of distant traffic. Sophia doesn't vanish again.

"That was pretty freaky." She pants, not making a move to dislodge me. "Sure you don't have a combat thinker power in there somewhere?"

"I really, really want one - but as far as I know there isn't one anywhere in the Bay." I tell her honestly. "I'm just pretty good at this sort of thing."

"No shit." Sophia almost sounds a little shaken. Which wasn't like her. "I mean, I could have just backed off and you wouldn't have been able to do anything - but I didn't expect that. I'll admit it."

"Happy to admit that I can back up all my shit talk now?" This position was great, actually. For all the hard, blocky aspects of her armour, it was still giving in just the right places for me to feel her tits pushing back against my weight. And Sophia either didn't realise or didn't care about where my hand was holding her down.

"Some of it, maybe." She shakes her head. "Felt like I was fighting Armsmaster for a moment there."

I brighten. "Armsmaster? Why? Was it my awesome moves? My stoic charisma? The faint feeling that you lost the fight to a guy replaying your old fights from three months ago and countering it without you being able to do a thing?"

"In a real fight I would just shoot you, remember that." I knew that. Your challenge version made it a point to mention it every time I even got close to winning an exchange. She scowls up at me. Not that I can see her expression, but this was Sophia we were talking about - there was about an eighty-percent chance that she was in some variant of a scowl at any point in time, so it was always a pretty safe descriptor. "No, it was just the way you moved - moving before I'd even decided what to do. I got him to agree to a sparring session one time, he told me that he was testing out some prediction feature or something and spent the next twenty minutes manhandling me without me being able to do anything. This wasn't quite that bad, but it's not particularly pleasant getting caught in-between states when I'm not ready for it."

"Looks like we all have good reason to practice with each other now then." I tell her.

"Hmph." She stays silent for a moment. "Fine. You can still use your powers though. They didn't make a major difference last time, you still only win when I mess up whether you have them or not."

"I'll keep the offer in mind. I'd like to get a bit better without them, for personal reasons. Let's just say, if you make me use them - I'll use them. How's that?"

Sophia huffs, sounding somewhat aggrieved at having that turned back on her. "Fine. Guess I deserve that."

"Void, let her up. It's my turn again." Taylor arrives to break us up, having taken a bit longer than I expected to object to how close we currently are in this position. To be honest, I'd half-expected her to be a good deal more animated about it, but I was hardly going to complain that she wasn't being like that.

"Of course, of course. I'll let you get some fun in. I'll be at the back, watching. Gloating. You know how it is." I push myself up and to my feet as Shadow Stalker disappears from below me, beating me to an upright position. Naturally. I couldn't disable her without my ash-clone playing interference or some electricity. She'd only stopped because I'd shaken her. Probably wouldn't happen again for a while.

"If you say a word, I'm making it a 1v2 and not holding back for a second." She threatens me.

"I'll be good, I'll be good. When I said gloating, I only meant in the safety of my own head." I reassure her, stepping away as the other two square up - Taylor immediately surrounding Sophia's head with a thin cloud of bugs as the other girl sprints forward. "Challenge."

I close my eyes, letting my footsteps carry me forward. Being humble in victory. Modest. That was the manly thing to do, sure. When you proved that you were stronger than someone, especially a girl, it was a decidedly un-gentlemanly thing to do to brag about it and remind them at every turn. A man could get a bad reputation like that, or someone would come along to put him in his place.

In other words, real-life consequences would catch up.

Real-life consequences didn't apply here.

I adopt a mocking expression. "I just beat the absolute crap out of you in real life~" I sing-song to the barren streets.

"Bullshit." Comes the immediate retort. "You're not even close to my level."

"It's true." I gloat. "You were sitting there on the ground, shocked and confused at how easily you were being beaten. Given how obsessed you are about strong people taking what they want for the weak, I think you were probably hoping that I ravished you right there. If it wasn't for the mask, I'd have been blasted with the full force of your fuck-me eyes-" I jump as a crossbow bolt bounces off the street next to my feet. "-but even with the mask on, I think it's only a matter of time."

"That's a lovely fairy tale, I hope it lets you sleep at night." She steps into the light. "But maybe pick a more believable lie next time if you want to trick me."

"Now this is frustrating, you really can't see out through my eyes at the outside world? I was really looking forward to the coping and seething on your end when you realised what was going on, but full denial and announcing that it has to be fake is somewhat satisfying as well. It feels like when people call me a cheater in FPS games, but I'm actually just playing with a mouse in console lobbies." I nod to myself. "This is a good feeling too. Not what I was expecting, but it has its own appeal."

"I'm a construct in a simulation, not a real person. Did your brain leak out and cause you to forget that?" She pauses. "And I'm not in denial, you just aren't capable of beating me in a straight fight."

I grin. "I may have slightly exaggerated the scale of the beatdown, but I did beat her in a friendly little spar, no powers against her powers. Your moves and tendencies haven't changed that much, and she hasn't adapted to me as much as you have. Not that surprising, really."

"One lucky fight then." She incorrectly surmises. "Still, to think that a short stint in the Protectorate made me lose my edge that much... some of my worst fears really did come to life."

"If it's any consolation, it was me - not some random no-name - that was involved in the one-sided, humiliating, embarrassing defeat of a full-powered Cape against a pure normie. No shame in losing to a strong guy, wouldn't you say? Isn't that your whole schtick? Predators and prey, or something like that?" I try to add some growly zest to that last sentence. "I guess I'm just at the top of the food chain. Mr Apex Predator himself-"

She lets out a heavy sigh. "Please stop calling yourself a predator. You're doing irreparable damage to my life philosophy every time that I'm reminded you're somehow still alive."

"What? No way." I protest. "I'm, like, the living poster boy of your predator thing. I'm literally Eidolon plus Dauntless plus Heartbreaker. The predator of predators. The predatorest. And not just in the sex way. Although, that one too - admittedly." She gives me a pained look for some reason. "Super strong dude, taking on everyone that's weaker than him. Including you, by the way. You should be making posters of me rather than complaining." I purse my lips. "Unless, you don't complain about Eidolon as well, do you? It would be kind of petty to object to literally anyone being stronger than you - but I'd respect the consistency if it at least wasn't just pure personal bias against me."

"It's pure personal bias." She confirms.

I stick my tongue out. "Wow. Fuck you."

"In your dreams." She steps into her usual position.

I wag a finger at her. "And in real life too. I'm coming for that ass, in more ways than one. I've got a whole sleepover planned with Sophia coming up starting tomorrow. I'm meeting up with you on cooldown, not just when I catch a glimpse between certain periods. You know I'm already getting pretty close in here, I've already impressed your real self. How much longer do you think you can hold out before I win once?"

She rolls her eyes. "And how are you going to do that? You literally can't touch me. I'm not getting close to any electricity around here. You have a time limit, and I'm only even allowing myself to be a target because you begged me to beat the shit out of you so long as you didn't use your powers."

"Aside from the time-limit, the real version of you would have said exactly the same thing just a minute or two ago." I smile. "And, you know? Aside from the fact that she hasn't gotten used to my moves yet, she was better than you."

She holds a finger up in front of her as if to object. "But I have gotten used to you. Unless you have a time-travelling power up your sleeve, the ship has sailed on that one unless you fancy trying to win this challenge the proper way - and we end this charade."

"You get used to me, but you don't get any better." I correct. "Which is why you're changing everything about yourself that you can to try and keep ahead. You know that I'm catching up. I see you've taken your helmet off already, I know you got tired of getting hit from your blindspots - and, sure, you beat me solidly about ten times in a row after that. But now, I'm right back to landing hits on that lovely face of yours - and now what? If you want to take the top half of your costume off, it will have the same effect I assure you - if, for entirely a different reason."

She gives me a disgusted look. 10/10. Sophia never disappoints when it comes to looking at me like I was less than dirt. But she doesn't offer a retort. She knows, perhaps more than I do, the truth of what I'm saying.

"But if not-" I bring my guard up. "-I don't think you have any tricks left to stop me."

"Maybe." She concedes. A rare move for her. "But that sounds like a problem for future me, not to mention my real self. Here, now - no matter how fast you're getting better, you're not good enough yet!"

We both dash forward, a wild grin on both our faces.


"-uard your head! A shitty little mask like that won't help you block a real punch. If you get a concussion, it's all over!"

I shake my head to clear the remaining spots from my vision. That was the third round for me, both in real life and in my mind, of the night. Productive. And Taylor and Sophia were at it again, floating around maybe two or three times that number thanks to how fast each fight was ending. I wince as Taylor attempts to lock up Sophia's arm, only to get herself hurled to the ground for her trouble with a muffled admonishment about footwork that I can't fully make out from this distance.

Sophia brushes flies off her mask as I approach, or, attempts to do so. Upon closer inspection - she's just moving her hand over the space where the insects were, and they're flowing around her hand like water - repositioning themselves back in their spot with ease no matter how many times she tries to fully clear her vision. A few hard slaps to her own mask sends a number of dead bugs to the rooftop, or otherwise leaves their broken forms smeared halfway across the mask - but even with the greatly-reduced size of the swarm, there are still more to fill in the gaps. "This is a good trick." Sophia concedes. "Really useful, you should do this all the time if you can. Even when you're playing nice, it's hard to not flinch with something so close to your eye."

"Not quite useful enough." Taylor pushes herself to her feet, a hint of bitterness at her own continued failure in her voice. "Still got me thrown around like it was nothing." The bugs return to her side, forming the usual 'ready' pattern around her body.

Sophia shifts on her feet, almost looking a little awkard. "You were fine, if we account for your lack of experience. Don't beat yourself up about being trash right now, you would only need to beat yourself up if you knew that you were trash and weren't doing anything about it. Being here, getting your ass beat, getting back up again to get beaten a little less next time... that's more than most of this city could do. It shows you've got guts, that you aren't just going to lie down and be a doormat because you didn't start with a winning hand." Sophia looks around, considering me for a second. "Fuck it. I make a terrible demonstration. Let's go and find some useless, drugged-up homeless guy and use him as an example for showing you that you can handle yourself against someone that isn't years ahead of you. It would be nice to see you actually go to town on someone as well, just to see how you roll with my own two eyes."

If she was expecting a protest from me at the idea of using some of the cities most downtrodden people as a punching bag, she was going to be disappointed. "Sure. It might take a while to find someone, we didn't spot that many people on our patrol earlier - no obvious dealers hanging around-"

"There's a pair about four-hundred metres that way." Taylor points off to the distance. "I've been watching them for a while. One man stays in the car, drops the other off, circles the block for a while, then picks him up to drop him off elsewhere. The guy that gets dropped off hangs around at the side of the street, sometimes other people approach him, I can feel their hands moving inside what I guess are their jackets - so I assume it's a drug trade of some sort. The customers just kind of wander around aimlessly, two of them are still in my range - they don't seem to be together." She points in two different directions. "I was going to handle it myself when I was sure, but if you want to check it out in person..."

"Wish I had you around when I was a vigilante." Shadow Stalker whistles. "That's seriously useful. Blondie doesn't know how good he has it. Are they armed?"

Taylor pauses. "Not obviously? I can't sense that well through my bugs. Mostly just outlines, sometimes feedback when they touch or eat something and have a bad reaction to it. Good at finding drugs, not so much at working out if they have a pistol or a phone in their pocket. I'm working on it." She hums to herself in thought. "There's definitely no large weapons to hand, except something with a long barrel in the passengers seat of the car that I can't really identify." She holds her hands out as she mentions the barrel. Too big to be a standard sidearm. "The other guy... no. I don't think so. Something solid in his back pocket that might be a pocket knife or something, but it's not a gun."

"Sounds like a good time." Sophia sounds far too happy. "We should definitely hang out more. I could patrol for hours in the past and not even end up with half of what you've found while getting knocked around. If you ever have the misfortune of joining the Wards, our patrols would be the best I've had since I joined. Hitch a ride in the back of a squad car for twenty minutes, spend the next three hours purging the entire block of every drug safehouse and every den of criminals there is in a single swoop."

"I'm not joining the Wards." Taylor shakes her head firmly. "I'm not interested in any teenage drama crap, and I've got the only partner I need right here."

"I said that too, at one point. Kinda got forced into it at the end. They start playing hardball if they decide they don't like you - put more effort into pressganging me than they ever did in fighting the gangs." She ticks that point off on her hand. "Secondly, what teenage drama? Everyone in the Wards is too boring to have drama. Gallant's only interest is in setting the record number of breakups-then-get-togethers with his girlfriend. Clockblocker is too lame and boring to have drama with anyone. Kid Win only cares about his toys. Aegis has the personality of beige paint. Vista is basically a toddler. I'm me, and I hate all of them too much to interact with them. And that's all- oh, there's Browbeat too. I haven't really talked to him at all, but he seems to be a basic loser too." She pauses. "Scratch that last one, I don't think that guy got announced yet. Marketing is probably stuck trying to find a way to make him interesting."

Harsh. Maybe not wrong on all fronts though. It was maybe telling that, even with all the benefits of seeing every episode of the PR videos on our local Wards - the only statement I could confidently disagree on was that Vista was certainly not a toddler. But, being two or so years younger than us was enough of a gap that Sophia seemed to have made up her mind on the matter.

She continues. "Anyway. The point is, whatever bullshit you get annoyed with at school - you won't have it there. You get powers from life shitting on you. The full-ride scholarship sports bros, the queen bitches with a million friends, the wealthy heiress with nothing better to do than bully poor kids... none of those people have the mental strength to go through something like that and come out with superpowers. Even then, half the people that do then get filtered out to the gangs if their personality or ethnicity lines up right. You'd be fine. You'd kick all of their asses." Sophia pauses. "But, still. You'd definitely be wasted there. I'd love to have you, but if you want what's best for you personally... duck and run when the recruitment offers start getting insistent."

"You really aren't selling this to me." Taylor seems a little amused.

"It's not exactly the most attractive offer, I wouldn't lie to you about that. They'd definitely hamstring your abilities to make you more PR-friendly, but your power is good enough that you'd be useful despite that." Sophia gives a thumbs up. "I'd avoid it personally, let's just do more patrols together. Blondie can come too, if that's what you're worried about."

"You're only 'hanging around' with us for as long as it takes to get me up to your level. Don't get too comfortable, you'll be back with the Wards soon enough." Taylor warns.

"That's never going to happen, so looks like this will be a permanent thing." Sophia responds with more cheer than I even knew she was capable of. "But we can argue about that another time. Let's go check on these drug dealers of yours. Or, maybe one of their customers first. Just to check that they're not, you know, handing out food bank vouchers or something. Trust me, it gets awkward if you have a misunderstanding like that."

"Maybe there was a good reason you got dragged into the Wards." Taylor muses.

"Please. It's the government." Sophia vaults over the side of the building. "They don't have a good reason for anything they do."

A distant set of footsteps tells me that Sophia has landed on the bottom, already heading in the vague direction that Taylor had pointed in. "Hurry up!"

Taylor heads over to the ladder first. I lean over the edge as she makes her way down, Sophia already out of earshot. "Not as bad as you expected?"

"She's okay." Taylor concedes. "I guess I wasn't really thinking about her as a current veteran hero, and more of... well. As another 'me' in our partnership. Someone who needed as much help and attention as I did, when we first started. I know I'm not an expert fighter or anything, I just wasn't expecting that much of a difference between us."

I wiggle my eyebrows behind my helmet. "You were hoping you could give her the good old one-two, tell her to stay away from your man and tell her that her services were no longer required?"

Taylor pauses in her descent, looking up to me with a chagrined look. "Wh-what? No." A heavy silence. She starts descending again. "Maybe. Would that have been so bad?"

"No. It's cute." I assure her.

Taylor pouts at me. "I'm not trying to be cute. I'm trying to be a reliable partner. An equal, not a leech." I vault down, shadow state saving me from the drop. Taylor makes her way further down before speaking again. "You've got all of these powers, you'll probably get even more - and I'm just desperately trying to keep up with bugs. Taking them as far as I can possibly get just to stay level with you for a little bit longer."

"I think you're being a bit too down on yourself. Are you telling me that you didn't feel useful against Oni Lee? As much as I did the stalling, you did most of the work there in terms of actually beating him." I help her down from the last steps of the ladder as she hops off, using my shoulder as a brake.

"I know I managed to help then. It's probably the proudest moment I've ever had in my life. I'm not underselling what I did, I'm just being a realist. You already got one, two, however many new powers since that fight - if that fight happened again in a month, would you even need me?" Taylor turns to me with a frown. "Not that- I'm not saying I think you're the type to throw me away just like that, but I like to think that even if I don't have the best power in the world - I'm at least doing the best I can with what I have. Being beaten by someone my age, not using any powers - that breaks that delusion in half nicely."

"This is getting a bit heavy-" I acknowledge, raising one hand as Taylor waves her hands at me as if to tell me not to worry about her dark musings. "-but even if I'm no good at motivational speeches, I'll just say that I really think you're overthinking it. I don't need an equal. I don't expect one, because my expectations are that unless my powers hit a hard limit soon - I'm going to be on the same level as the Triumvirate. The same kind of future that people used to speculate about for Dauntless, before he got his ass kicked by diminishing returns. All I want from you, is what you're already giving me. You're a great partner. Stop doubting yourself. Stop comparing your worth to other people. They're not you. Shadow Stalker spent years becoming a close-quarters master, but her power doesn't have the versatility of yours. You're different people."

"I started out with more aspirations than being a human sonar with the ability to drown people in bugs." Taylor grimaces. "Her helmet isn't fully sealed off, and I wasn't trying that hard to get in - but the sheer difficulty of getting the right bugs in fast enough is just showing me how hard it's going to be to fight someone in serious protective gear, or a Brute. I just don't have any answers in that case."

"Nonsense. You just haven't needed a solution for that yet." Should I... sure. What was the harm? "You've already made this costume of yours, right? The base material is light enough for your bugs to move and work with?"

"Yes?" Taylor responds slowly, as if trying to decipher my meaning before I finished the sentence.

"Then what if you had your bugs carry strings of that stuff around, or other types of strings? You could tie people up just like Parian can, dozens of threads at once carried by thousands of flying bugs - enough to stop a robber in his tracks, all capable of being done from the safety of your own home. You could carry items like that, maybe even replace that bag you carry around. If you had the control, you could probably hold a gun in the air and set it off-" Exactly like her challenge self had done not so long ago. "-and who even knows what else. You already have a level of control that most shakers dream about. Just because you control bugs, doesn't mean you can't do everything that they can do as a group but better."

Taylor looks distant, nodding to herself as she murmurs under her breath. "That could- yeah. Actually. That could work. I can't think of any reason why it wouldn't." She sinks deeper into thoughtful silence as her nods get more and more pronounced. "Void- this could change everything for me!" I smile to myself at her surge of excitement. Taking credit for what her challenge-self had employed against me felt a little wrong, like I was stealing her homework before she'd even written it yet and passed it off as my own work - but if it helped her now, if it made her appreciate me a little more... what was the harm in accelerating her a bit?

"And at the same time, change absolutely nothing." I point out. "Because even now that you have an awesome idea about strings, you're still just my awesome partner. Nothing has changed on that front. Nothing will ever change about that, unless you want it to change."

"Right. But still, that would - that would really work. I could do so much with that, I never even really thought about using bugs to carry things en-masse." Taylor can't hide her improved mood. "Listen. I'm... I'm sorry for being a downer. I hear what you're saying, I just... I'm not used to someone just wanting me like that. I want to prove myself, in case someone else comes along and does it better - taking my spot. And I know, I know, that you aren't like that - but I can't quite shake the feeling of dread at the idea." Am I supposed to feel guilty? This definitely feels like something the whole 'Greg' thing might have caused, but is it actually my fault or is it just a bit unlucky that things unfolded the way that they did? "I never want this to end. So I'm going to keep getting better. I'm going to make sure that you know you can always count on me. And I am going to knock Shadow Stalker flat on her face one day soon."

"I think she'd appreciate that a lot more than you realise. I might have to start fighting her for your affections." I tease.

"Funny." She deadpans. "Speaking of her, let's catch up with her before she starts to wander where we got to."

We start walking. "Has she gotten lost already?" She's long gone out of sight, that's all I know.

"I'm guiding her to one of the customers with my bugs. The sellers are about to move again, so we would need to wait for them to stop anyway - assuming that they aren't heading home for the night." She quickens her pace a little. "Well, I suppose you could catch up to the car - but neither of us could. Unless you have speed ready to hand out?"

"Regeneration." I deny. I usually made a solid effort to bring Othala's slot machine power back to one of the more useful sets when I had Taylor around to cycle through them. Healing and speed were always my favourite choices to hold for emergencies. "We can tackle them all together. There's no rush, any dealer desperate enough to sell around here has barely gotten started for the night." All the smart ones sold to the rich guys near Empire territory, and all the ones associated with a gang had better buyers than beggars scrounging and stealing enough to get their next fix in.

It doesn't take us long to catch up with Sophia, and given that we end up meeting her at a near right-angle I suspect that had more to do with Taylor leading her on a detour than any great amount of haste on our part.

"Took your time." Sophia grunts at us. "That our buyer?" She gestures at a man hunched over in the streetlight by a park.

"That's him." Taylor confirms.

"Well. We can skip the part where we check if he's on drugs or not." I state, eyeing up the shivering, manic movements of the man as he clings tightly to the rail fence next to him.

"Right. Looks like you're up, girl scout. Go and beat him up for us." Shadow Stalker enthuses.

"He hasn't really done anything wrong. I don't know if I'm okay with just... attacking a guy like that." Taylor looks pained.

Shadow Stalker blinks, then turns to me. "Do you have a problem with it?"

"Not really." I admit. "But that isn't to say that I can't see where she's coming from. The thing is, this guy isn't just an unfortunate homeless beggar - he's a homeless beggar that's managed to scrounge up enough cash to feed his addiction that's costing him hundreds of dollars over the course of a week, even ignoring the need for food and whatever else he buys. This isn't exactly a giving part of town, so he's almost certainly committing some kind of crime to get that cash. Secondly, the only way his life is going to recover back to any salvageable point is if he gets the care and attention that he needs - prison and a bit of rehab will be a vast improvement over eventually dying of an overdose around here. And thirdly, even if you don't want to fight him - he'll take one glance at our costumes and attack us - then it will just be self-defence."

"Sure, something like that." Shadow Stalker appends after a beat of silence. I had a feeling that her opinions on the matter were a little less well-reasoned.

"Fine. I'll go take him in. Non-violently, if I can help it. Sorry to disappoint." She directs that at Shadow Stalker.

A hand on her shoulder stops her first step. "Wait. You've got all the time in the world to think ahead now, start thinking about the fight now - rather than reacting when he rushes you on sight. Does he have a gun? A knife? You said that your bugs couldn't find one, can you see one with your own eyes now?"

"I can't see that far." Taylor scowls.

"Obviously." The dripping, condescending tone is doubtless to rile Taylor up. "I used to use binoculars. A phone camera with zoom actually works pretty well too, if you can do something about the light giving your position away. Let's assume that he has some kind of shiv tucked into his pants, and your bugs just can't tell where his disease-ridden junk ends and the weapon begins. What's your plan when he pulls it out?"

"Cover his face in bugs, sting his hand until he drops it, block his mouth and nose with bugs, knock him to the ground and then tie him up." Taylor responds promptly.

The ex-vigilante turns to me. "See? Hardcore. I like this girl." Back to Taylor. "Sounds good. But you aren't allowed to just hide away at range. I won't allow it. Get up close and personal. Take advantage of the fact that the other guy can't see or hear shit when your bugs are clamouring around him. Do everything you can to avoid him latching on to you at all costs, and put him in the dirt with every cheap shot you can muster. Got it? Get some appreciation for the advantages you can get in a fight against someone who isn't me."

"It won't come to that." Taylor tries to protest. "They're not stupid out here, they know a Cape when they see one. He'll see me approach, be happy to answer our questions and surrender without a fight."

I snort.

Sophia snorts.

"Screw you both." Taylor grouses. "Watch this then."

We watch as Taylor closes the distance with the clearly unwell stranger. We hear the distant cry of "Fuck you Cape bitch!" Followed by an incoherent stream of yelling, then screaming, then whimpering.

"You have no idea how bitter I am about the kind of partner you have there." Sophia tells me flatly. "Useful power. Vicious and pragmatic, but doesn't even realise it. Give that power to any of the other Wards and it would never cross their minds to just cram bugs into their nostrils so that they can't breathe anymore. That kind of power, that kind of thinking, that's what you need in a partner. I had to make do with a non-Cape as my backup. She had the right attitude but..." Sophia pauses. "...it was more about helping her, than it was about her helping me. She needed the boost of feeling like she could fight back in her own way, but the extra pair of eyes didn't really help me hit the gangs at all. Just limited my overall mobility, if anything." Emma? I could see that.

"I would have thought that the Wards and the PRT would make for pretty good backup, even in comparison to us." I raise an eyebrow as Taylor slugs the man in his exposed side, before sweeping his leg and snapping a zip-tie around his hands with a quick, practised motion.

"In theory, yes. In practice, they never actually put those resources to any use. All the Wards are coddled and babied, told to run away from basically every engagement and wait for the real heroes to arrive. Piggy thinks that if the gangs are all reasonably balanced against each other, they'll just cancel each other out and the Bay will be peaceful forever." The derision in her voice is clear.

"You disagree?" I query.

"Naturally. The gangs don't want a slice of Brockton Bay. They want all of it." Sophia seems animated about the topic. "They're in a state of status quo right now only because they're missing the piece they need to crush the other one without losing enough for the Protectorate to finish the winner off while they're weak. Ever since Purity failed to kill Lung in that ambush last year, both sides know that they can't be sure that they'll win if there is a real, all-out fight. The Empire doesn't have a reliable way to kill Lung that doesn't risk losing their entire roster in a straight fight, the one thing that he's good at. The ABB doesn't have the force projection to take over the Empire territory without losing everything because Lung can't be everywhere at once. If either side gets one Cape that fixes those problems, the city is going to explode - and the Protectorate will throw their hands up and declare themselves powerless to actually do their jobs."

"Pessimistic view on things." I comment.

"That's life." Sophia dismisses shortly.

Taylor drags the insensate man towards us. "Don't wanna hear it." She grumbles.

"Never a good idea to bet on someone around here doing the smart thing." I nod sagely. "I mean, just living in the area is a bit of a red flag on its own for their decision-making capabilities."

"You did alright." Sophia takes the higher ground. "Though you still punch like a sissy. You need to throw your weight behind it. No need to be smart and try to do a combo if you've blinded them to the point they never see the first one coming. You're not good enough to do it right, so just make the first hit count."

"It worked, didn't it?" She drops the guy at our feet, looking somewhat annoyed at his decision-making skills.

"Yeah, yeah. I'll give you that. But you can always do better next time." Sophia crouches down. "Now, let's see if this guy can tell us-"

I lift my gaze from his challenge box. "No need to ask. He's a merchant."

"Merchant?" Taylor echoes.

"Archer's Bridge Merchants." Shadow Stalker rolls him over, making a sound of agreement as she notes the messy tattoo on his arm. "It's what happens when a bunch of independent drug dealers get together to try and make some cross between a union, a gang and a permanent nightclub - and then get lucky and have one or two of their crackheads trigger instead of dying to an overdose. They're not really a big deal, just some small fry that neither of the gangs hates enough to waste time stamping them out."

"They have a Tinker, big tanky vehicles and the like. You see them on the news every now and then when her junk falls apart and they crash into a building." Honestly, one of the last Tinkers in the Bay I was interested in. Still a Tinker, and therefore worthwhile, but it wasn't even a matter of personal distaste - it was hard to get excited about someone who regularly got outclassed by every one of their peers around them. One of their best fights on PHO had them getting packed up neatly by Vista, only escaping in the end by blowing up their main ride and escaping the scene on a suped-up motorbike - while the heroes rescued civilians and gang members alike that were caught in the blast. That wasn't the impressive kind of feat that anyone wanted on their summary page on PHO.

That, and having a partner called 'Skidmark' wasn't exactly helping their case.

"And they're close by? We could raid them?" Taylor's expression brightens.

"Probably not." Sophia shoots the idea down. "If they were around, it would be pretty obvious. The merchants are still a gang, any event where they had a bunch of product to throw around - they'd have a big security presence and their pet Tinker throwing their weight around to remind people to not fuck around. They're not subtle about their parties and gatherings, they don't even try to hide the time that they happen - only the final location until the last minute. The PRT only comes in to clean up after the smart ones have gone home, nobody wants to fight a Tinker that has all of their toys ready for a fight - even if it's a shit one. This guy? Just a groupie, getting his regular fix from his usual supplier." Sophia turns to Taylor. "Not that I'll discourage you from gatecrashing their next event, whenever that is. Just because the gangs don't care and the PRT won't do anything, there's nothing stopping you two from rolling up and ruining their day. If I'm not stuck on console, I might even come and discretely assist if you give me the heads up."

The information about the Merchant gatherings was completely new to me. The idea that you could just... get invited and show up to somewhere where two Capes were - D-listers or not - was something I would have loved to be making use of the last few weeks. Maybe I was socialising in the wrong circles and just didn't hear about this kind of thing. I wasn't a druggie, after all. It was a point of pride for me that all the bad decisions that I made could be attributed solely to me and not a drop of any foreign substances.

"We'll have to discuss it between ourselves later." I interject as Taylor glances at me. Personally, I was only a little bit interested. Two additional Cape challenges to try would be useful, but they weren't as singularly world-changing as getting a Brute or Blaster power would be.

But then again, the real trouble with Capes wasn't picking the ones I wanted - but actually finding them out in the open to challenge them without either outing myself or showing up as some suspicious creep on a security camera. It was hard to just pass up on a likely opportunity to grab two more powersets - even if they were likely on the weaker side of things. Not to mention, even if I couldn't handle their challenges - the street cred from busting an entire gang, however insignificant, would go a long way towards building trust and confidence towards me. It wouldn't even be that hard. Taylor could solo the entire event unless Squealer had already made some anti-bug countermeasures, but she wasn't really renowned for her foresight and I would be there to play interference as well.

We would just need to find the place. Even if Taylor wasn't around, that didn't stop me from having a go in my civilian ID. Maybe I could even just get a proper invitation if I mind-whammied the right person, discretely join and challenge the pair of Capes throughout the evening, and then leave, with nobody the wiser about the attempt.

Something for the future, perhaps. When I had some more free time. I had no intention of getting a Merchant on my side in full view of Shadow Stalker. The leeway my power gave me when making changes was best left untested in this case. That, and they clearly weren't out in force here.

"I'll call this guy in." Taylor frowns down at the man at her feet. "He's in no shape to be out here on his own anyway. Even before meeting us, I mean."

"I'll do it. You two go on ahead. Bug can guide me to the right spot once they've taken him off of my hands." I wave them off. "Just don't get shot. I'll be all broken up if you get taken down by some petty drug dealers that aren't even part of a proper gang."

"Suit yourself." Sophia shrugs as Taylor hands me her phone. "Let's go, girl scout." She takes a swipe at Taylor's backside as she passes, attracting a growl of irritation and starting an immediate argument as the two pace out of earshot together.

Yeah. They're getting along eerily well. It wasn't that obvious on the surface, but I knew Sophia and I knew Taylor. The catty, snippy back and forth didn't come out for people they despised. When Taylor hated someone, she seethed quietly with a stone-cold look on her face and murder in her eyes. When Sophia found someone she despised, her usual insults turn into cruel barbs - and the slightest bit of disrespect in response is immediately met with violence.

God, it was going to be so, so hot fucking those two together. It would probably only get hotter once they discovered the identity of the other, initial ugly fallout aside. And that dream wasn't so far off now at all. In all likelihood, despite all the variance in how their challenges had panned out - I was expecting that I would be able to mark this weekend as the first time they'd both sucked my dick, an important milestone in any relationship. Both girls unaware of the other, naturally. That would be scummy if it was any other guy, but this wasn't cheating - this was... the formation of a harem that hadn't realised what it was yet.

I eye the direction that Taylor and Sophia disappeared in. I doubted they would be back anytime soon, and they were probably enjoying their girl talk or something anyway. They wouldn't mind if I handled this guy in my own way.

"Hey." I pinch the guy's cheeks firmly. "Time to wake up, buddy. Got some questions for you." A bit too insensate, perhaps. I would guess that was more the result of his drug of choice than Taylor, but that didn't matter now. I swap away from Glory Girl's power only long enough to briefly tap into Othala. "Consider yourself lucky, you have no idea how long I spend cycling through this power to land on healing. It wouldn't matter if my version of Panacea's was a bit better, but this will have to do for the complicated stuff for now-" The guy stirs. "-there we are. Wakey wakey, friend."

"Who the fuck are you?" The man slurs at me.

"Void Cowboy. Hero." I tip an imaginary hat at him. "I'm also the guy healing you right now, free of charge. Ignoring the drugs, I'm sure a guy like you has all sorts of aches and pains that I'm healing up. So don't go giving me a reason to stop, hm? I just wanted to ask a few questions, rather than just drop you off with the police and have them ask all sorts of pointed questions about how much funny powder is in that pocket of yours. It's a... get out of jail free card."

"I'm-" His voice strengthens a little. "I'm listening. But I'm not a snitch, that gets you killed around here." A marked improvement already. Did the regeneration power just attack the drugs directly, or did they just start rebalancing everything that the drugs knocked out of place? Was it removing the presence of the drugs, or just bringing the high to an early end?

"I don't want to arrest anyone. I want to see what the Merchants are like." I gesture at his arm. "I mean, I've heard that they arrange all sorts of parties and everything - but I have no idea how to actually get involved. Just want to see and experience it a little, you know? Don't know if I really want to join, but I guess I won't know until I've been and seen what it's all like over there - you get me?"

He swallows heavily. "You need to be invited. Two people need to vouch for you that are full members, and then you need to pay admission at the entrance. It costs a lot for new guys, but man-" He adopts a wistful look. "Skidmark knows how to throw a fucking party. The juice flows like water. More lines on every table than a fucking..." He gestures aimlessly in the air, trying to think of something that had a lot of lines. "Something. And the hookers! They'll let you do anything if you grab them a drink first, even a guy like me."

"Sounds like a fun time." I smile encouragingly. "And where would I find a pair of these 'full members' you mentioned? Are there tiers to this? Do they hang around a certain place? Any public contact that I can get a hold of and arrange a meeting?"

"Give up on it, kid. They don't roll over like that. You need years of street cred to get in their good books, unless you're one of the guys bringing in the supply - which, no offense, doesn't seem like your thing." He shakes his head. "And I don't really know if powers alone will get you in the door either. Skids doesn't like outsiders trying to join up, nobody smart outside of our community wants to be a Merchant - especially not those with obvious opportunities elsewhere. He'll smell a rat a mile out."

"That's not what I asked, friend." I don't let my smile fade. "I don't need to know my chances of joining up the normal way. These members that could get me in. How. Do. I. Find. Them?" I enunciate each word slowly.

The man is sobering up fast. Perhaps getting the impression that some of my friendliness wasn't entirely genuine. "I don't want trouble. Not with you, not with them."

"Who said that there would be trouble?" I smile. "Don't worry. I'm not going to run in, guns blazing, against the first guys in the list you give me. That would cause you trouble, I get it. Hell, you don't even have to give me names. A general location is fine. A third-party supplier that talks with the right guys would work too. I'm looking to be discrete. I'll sneak in if I have to. I just... need a trail to follow. That's not much to ask you, considering the free healing I'm giving you - wouldn't you say? Not if you give me information that any random guy on the street could tell me."

He mulls over my words. Eventually, I get a nod.

"There is a guy." The man starts. "Completely legit. The police raid him constantly, never find a thing. Used to be a member, did his time in prison - somewhat reformed now. He sells a lot of alcohol for events all over town. Skidmark uses him a lot for catering his parties. I don't know what the fuck your powers are, but he'll definitely have his finger on the pulse of where and when the next event is going to be - and a bunch of Merchants will be doing business with him while organising the whole thing. That's, that's all you need, right? I don't think you'll ever get on his good side, nor any of his associates - but he'll be involved somewhere along the way."

"Sounds perfect." I get ready to make notes. "Now then. Names and places, please."

He talks. After a little encouragement, two more names get added to the list. "But you didn't hear any of this from me!" The man insists.

"Naturally not." I straighten up. "Moving on, let's consider this trade done and forgotten. How do we proceed from here?"

"...you let me go?" The man suggests.

I smile laconically. "I'm a defender of truth and justice right now. I don't know if you remember this, but a few minutes ago you were banging your head on the fence of a children's park and then tried to stab my partner with a knife when she approached you to see if you were okay. I don't know if it would be quite right to release you back into the wild. You're dangerous."

"Don't talk about me like I'm an animal." He grumbles. "I'll behave. Took a hit that was a bit too strong, that's all."

"And if I just walk away now, you'll take another. Won't you?" I shake my head. "You know, I'm actually a bit concerned that I might be responsible for your death if I let you go. You do hear about parahuman healing sometimes removing tolerance to drugs built up over a long time. I don't know how mine handles drugs. You might take your normal dose and immediately die, you don't want that on my conscience do you?"

"We all make our own decisions, kid." He attempts to break his hands out of the zipties. Failure. "Maybe I die, maybe I don't."

"Something for you to decide once you get back out on the streets then." I nod amicably. Moral quandaries and ethics aside, it wouldn't do for this guy to immediately run to his friend and warn him before I had a chance to check him out. Assuming the information wasn't complete bogus, of course. Not to mention that I didn't feel like explaining to either of the other two that I ended up letting him go. Shadow Stalker might not know or care, but there was little doubt that Taylor was tracking both of us and would realise what happened if we split ways. She probably wouldn't be that annoyed... but it still sounded like an unnecessary pain for someone that was pretty obviously a violent addict - however sober I had forcibly made him now.

He stares up at me for a second. I smile back.

He jumps up and tries to run.

He doesn't get far.


"And how are my favourite ladies doing? I mean, lady?" I wave at Taylor as I approach, a somewhat uncomfortable pair of officers trailing behind me. The bugs had been pretty clear that I should drag them along, but I couldn't entirely blame their apprehension at following the roiling mass of bugs along the street and around a dark corner.

Guess Sophia was hiding, opting to not be seen by the cops and therefore sidestepping any presence in the report that would doubtless come of this.

"I've got one guy here-" She gestures down at the man she's standing over. "-and the other guy is in that car over there." She points to a car that's lodged itself into a guard fence at some speed. "I would have tied him up, but he rolled the windows up while I was taking him down and the door was locked."

I raise one, lone eyebrow. "I think you'd be forgiven for breaking a window in the course of stopping a criminal."

"It might not be his car. What if the owner can't afford to repair it?" Taylor retorts.

The police officer to my left strides forward, briefly peering into the windows of the car and nodding to himself before bashing in the window with a series of sharp strikes. Taylor winces at the action, but doesn't seem to want to concede the point. I give Taylor a pointed look.

"That's the police making that decision. I did everything I could to avoid damaging property unnecessarily." Taylor reasons. "There's nothing wrong with that."

I give a silent, lengthy appraisal to the front of the car, where the car and iron fencing had met and the car had lost.

She follows my gaze. "That happened afterwards. He woke up before I managed to work out how to turn the engine off. Panicked a bit. I think I started letting him breathe again too soon. My fault."

The officer audibly gags. "Oh, Christ alive..."

Taylor and I both turn to regard the man as his partner approaches, who then also gags at whatever she found there.

"Is-is he dead?" The woman asks.

"No!" Taylor is scandalised. "I'm not- No! He's just unconscious. I was very careful not to do any real damage, he could somewhat breathe the entire time he was out and he didn't get bitten a single time. I'm careful about these things. The only thing I messed up was letting him switch on the car and start it rolling, and even, then, I managed to turn it off the road before it got out of hand. You're being overdramatic-" One throws up into the side of the street, quickly joined by the other. She turns to me. "-Void, help me out here."

I purse my lips in silent thought, then step past the officers and peer through the broken window. "Bug."

"Yes?" The quiet, optimistic voice responds.

"There is a trail of spiders and creepy-crawlies leaking from his mouth." I inform her.

"I know, I'm making sure I get them all out. It might cause him problems later if I missed one and left them in the wrong place." Again. The voice sounds reasonable. The words...

"I'm assuming, based on what you were saying a moment ago, that you stopped this guy using only your bugs?" A nod. "And that process involved shoving all of your bugs in the area deep into every orifice you could find?"

"Not deep, that wasn't really needed. Just kind of... tickling the inside of the ears and doing my best to plug up his mouth and nose without fully cutting off the airflow. It was more of a distraction to stop him from grabbing the gun when he saw me go for the other guy at the same time." She crosses her arms. "I was happy to wait for them to come back around, but-" She shifts her head towards the dark alley behind her. "-I had to hurry in case someone else got bored and decided to join the fight." Sophia telling her to start or she'd shoot the guy herself? I could easily see that.

"It just looks a bit harsh." I tell her. "I mean, great job on taking them out without any trouble - but it's not the prettiest of sights. I'm pretty sure I watched a horror movie like this once. The larva started hatching in the guy's brain halfway into the movie and started piloting him-"

"I'm not- I told you." Taylor looks halfway towards stamping her foot childishly. "I have control over them! No bites! No eggs! No larva! No eating people from the inside! They don't even shit unless I tell them to. This is the cleanest takedown that any of us could have done on this guy. You and- you would have broken his arms, crippling him for weeks and months - that guy can get up and walk into prison in less than five minutes with nothing more than a feeling of discomfort in his throat. Tell me I'm wrong."

"I think the broken arm might be the kinder fate." I wish I could snap a picture of the honest look of confusion on her face.

"It's not that bad." Taylor stops herself. "Is it?"

"I mean, he's a criminal - right?" I deflect. "A bit of trauma coming up the next time he goes back to his old ways might make him change his ways."

"I wasn't trying to traumatise him." Taylor insists, voice sounding a little weak as she comes and peers next to me at the scene. "It- fine. It looks bad. But only because you can't feel the level of control I have over everything. It's way, way better than it looks. And I didn't even need to sting him once to get him to stop!"

A cockroach rolls out of the guy's ear. "Why didn't you? I would have thought that would be quicker and easier than all of that."

"He might have an allergic reaction." Taylor shakes her head. "I have epi-pens, but-"

"But you wanted to save the window, right." I can't quite stop the amused quiver in my voice at that.

"I-" A strangled silence. "Not just for the window-" Taylor clarifies. "It's not that the window was a priority for me, I just didn't see the need for it. I feel like you're getting a bit too hung up over a minor detail. If you could, say, use Clockblocker's power on anyone for as long as you liked, you wouldn't feel the need to throw every criminal you find onto the ground, break their legs, tie them up and stick a bag over their head - right? You'd just do the easy thing that you can reliably do to lock them up. It's an extra, unnecessary step. Overkill."

The police officer next to us seems to have heard enough. "I'm going to call this in. It will take a while to categorise all of this evidence. And, we should probably get this guy to a hospital just in case there are any-" He looks queasy. "-critters still inside."

"That was the last of them." Taylor tries to keep the smile in her voice.

"Just in case." The cop attempts to give a reassuring smile. "You seem pretty earnest, I'm not really the best suited to this kind of scene - but I'd just like to say that I'm really glad you're on our side."

His partner speaks up, also looking pale. "If you ever feel like pursuing a life of crime, give us all two weeks of warning so I can hand in my notice."

"I'm not a villain. Not even considering it." Taylor pleads with the officers. "This is just what my power is, I didn't get to choose it!"

"Come on, let's make ourselves scarce before you scare the nice policeman into an early retirement." I pat Taylor on the shoulder.

"Can't you defend me here? Tell them I'm not like that!" She fumes at me. "After everything we've been through today, shouldn't you be on my side?" Taylor allows herself to be led away down the street.

"It's because of everything we've been through today that I feel so comfortable teasing you." I assure her. "I'm appreciating the contrast between horror movie antagonist and my cute, lovable partner." I shake my head. "Besides, you wouldn't be getting so wound up about my words if you didn't think there was an element of truth in them. I'd embrace it. Trauma for criminals everywhere. Fear and terror descend on Brockton Bay like a swarm of locusts, villains everywhere quake at the movement of common spiders in their bathrooms. Every ant, every cockroach, a harbinger of the dread that is yet to c- ow!"

"If you don't start sympathising with me, I won't do a third patrol with you after Shadow Stalker leaves." Taylor huffs. "Even if we don't have much time, I was thinking it would be a nice way to end the day."

"You wanted to do another-" Taylor licks her lips meaningfully. "-ah. A third patrol. Just the two of us. Got it. I'm behaving." I straighten up, exaggerating the absolute ease with which I change tact.

"So shallow." She grumbles, a glint of a smile on her face.

I look around. If Taylor was choosing her words carefully like that then- "Where did the kitty cat go?"

Taylor points up at an angle.

"I don't know what inspired that name, but I'm going to have to ask that you never call me that again." I peer against the darkness above us, only barely making out our missing companion outlined against the wall before she drops down.

I keep walking. "I don't know, I think it fits. You fit the whole panther scheme pretty well, even the name brings it to mind. We just need to get you some cat ears, and you'll have the most successful rebrand of the year. A much-needed one, might I add. The whole package you have now is just overwhelmingly edgy, without enough 'cool'. The name doesn't help."

"Please stop talking. You have no idea how much my opinion of you plummets every time you open your mouth." I have a pretty good idea actually. She turns to Taylor, outright ignoring me. "So, what do you think?"

Taylor's lips quiver slightly. "I think he's right. Shadow Stalker just sounds like you're trying too hard. Something you come up with as a kid, but I feel like you've outgrown it by now-"

"Shut. The. Fuck. Up." Sophia eats the bait whole. "I don't wanna hear a fucking thing from either of you. You literally called yourself Bug. You know, at the PRT they have a whole session to brainstorm a non-offensive name to call every new Cape until they come out with one of their own. The one thing they specifically avoid doing is using anything too demeaning. Too embarrassing. Too cringe. So, for example, they would avoid calling a Bug-controlling master something measly and pathetic. Like Bug. Imagine naming yourself something so lame. No different than calling yourself, Worm. Or Cockroach. Slug. It would be like this guy introducing himself as 'Flaccid' or something."

"She's only using it as a temporary name." I defend Taylor briefly, much to her appreciation. "But I do agree, you both have terrible taste for names. If you took my advice, we'd be the coolest trio in the Bay right now."

"No, I'm not done yet." She shakes her head. "The only thing worse than that, is making your literal gamer tag your Cape name. That just screams 'I'm a fucking loser' to the world. On top of, you know, letting everyone see your post history and realising what an absolute tragedy your life probably is-"

I interject smoothly. "I have nothing to be ashamed of, and you have no idea how viscerally satisfying it was to revisit all of my old haters in dead threads - slapping around my [Verified] tag left and right. I may have gotten a timeout or three, but the feeling of satisfaction-"

"That's exactly what I'm talking about. You know this guy hit a record low in life if the first thing he does after getting powers is to go and show off to all his other loser friends online." She smacks her hands together. "But, you know. That's all a personal choice. I wouldn't even begrudge it that much if your profile name was actually something decent. Halfway respectable - just halfway! Not even fully respectable, I know that would be too much to ask. But what was it? Void Cowboy. Like, wow. Wow! What an insanely terrible name. You could win a whole competition for worst superhero names with that one. I'd be genuinely embarrassed to say it out loud in the middle of a fight, I don't know why you put up with it."

Oddly, Taylor doesn't jump in to defend my naming choices. I give her a betrayed look as she fails to meet my questing eyes. "I..." She looks away. "Void is a pretty good shortened version. You don't strictly need to use the full name all of the time."

"Because it's fucking lame and embarrassing, right?" She presses.

"Look." I interrupt the interrogation as Taylor gives me a panicked look. Not sure why, considering it's such an easy thing to deny - but I'll never ignore the plight of a damsel in distress. "The important thing is, I'm the only one out of all of us with a proven good track record for Cape names. Maybe you aren't ready to admit that now, but ask yourself this - do you really want to be showing your kids news reels of your old feats, only for them to ask what the hell possessed you to pick such a lame name?"

"You know, I am so, so glad that we've already got an agreement to spar at a semi-regular timeframe. Without that outlet, I'm sure I'd cause a major incident between the PRT and you within five minutes of meeting." She shushes me with one finger to where her mouth would be. "Zip it. I'm going to do my level best to pretend that this whole topic never happened and recover some of the fried brain cells I used trying to understand you. Back to the real conversation. How are you feeling about your solo takedown? Pretty effective, I reckon. A few scenes like that will get you a reputation not to be messed with pretty fast."

"Not you too." Taylor groans. "I don't want a reputation like that. I'm just fighting crime, like a normal superhero. Void breaks limbs every other fight he gets into. You were probably just as bad before you joined the Wards. I've broken, maybe two. Total. And I didn't even really mean to even in those cases. How is it fair that I'm the one people are getting scared of? I feel like I'm the only one trying to minimise the damage I do." She sulks. "I just wanted to be Alexandria. Was that too much to ask?"

"Alexandria has the scary reputation too, what do you mean?" Shadow Stalker waves her hands in the air. "Legend is the sparkly, happy-go-lucky guy puking rainbows and love everywhere. Alexandria has her entire city bricking themselves at the thought that she might be around. She knows how to use her reputation. Don't fall for the girly, princess-loving, pony-riding Alexandria propaganda bullshit they feed you in the cartoons. Glory Girl is a better example of that trope than her, and even she's a dumb Brute that throws around the reputation of her invincible forcefield like a weapon every chance that she gets. Those drugged-up morons are going to tell all of their buddies about the new bad bitch in town. Those coppers are going to tell every one of their friends that the good guys have the scariest, creepiest new heroine that they could ever have imagined lurking in the shadows and they are going to cheer about it like it's the best news that they heard all year. It's a good thing!"

"Real easy for you to say, turning into a family-friendly puff of smoke on command." Taylor grouses. "My party tricks will send children screaming for their parents."

"That's also a good thing. Children suck, and attending any form of party is the worst thing about being a Ward." Sophia is scowling again, I can sense it. "And the fuck do you mean 'family friendly'? I literally turn into a cloud of darkness. People are afraid of me for a reason. To the villains, I am-"

"If you say 'I am the night' or 'I am the darkness', I'm never going to be able to take you seriously again." I inform her.

"I would say that the feeling is mutual, but I was never taking you seriously in the first place." She sounds put out. Got her. "I'm done here. Bug, you were actually pretty decent for someone so new. Let's do this again. Void, you were-"

"Void Cowboy." I correct absently.

"Void." She insists in a deadpan. "Your partner is smarter than you and knows better. Get used to the feeling of being wrong, especially when it comes to naming things." Taylor declines to defend me again, instead opting to inspect the nearby wall closely while pretending not to be listening. What was with her today? Sophia would start to think Taylor actually agreed with her if she didn't correct the record at some point. "Void. You were mildly tolerable apart from the times when you were talking. You're a better fighter than I gave you credit for at first, I'd like to do this again. Invite me or I'll invite myself and make it hurt for taking too long. If either of you get conscripted by the Wards, I'll find it completely hilarious but we might make the team actually worth something - so don't let me put you off of the idea too much."

"Fuck you." My retort lacks heat.

She flips me off, then breaks away to lunge up the wall - scaling it in seconds as a vague outline of blackened mist. Guess that counted as a tearful farewell for her.

Taylor follows her for a time as we keep walking. "She's gone." She concludes eventually. "Just ran through a spider's web at the edge of my range."

"Try not to celebrate too much." I nudge her.

"Hey, you ditched me and left me with her. I haven't forgiven you for that." She attempts a stern gaze at me, the effect spoiled by her mask hiding her upper face.

"You seemed like you were making a new friend, I thought you would appreciate it." I protest.

"A friend?" Taylor sounds incredulous. "As if. Her personality is terrible. My mental image of our local heroes is shattered beyond repair."

I wag a finger in the air. "You say that, but I think you were starting to warm up to each other by the end."

"Because I can handle worse than a few petty barbs from someone with a fetish for violence. That doesn't mean that I enjoy her company." Taylor seems insistent on the point.

"It's fine if you are friends. I'm not going to be jealous. Promise." Quite the opposite.

"It's not happening." She crosses her arms. "She's a useful tool for me. I'm an interesting side project to her. That's where our interactions end. Everything else is just shared interests and idle conversation."

I'm pretty sure she just described 90% of what the average friendship is right there, but I opt to simply make a non-commital noise instead of arguing.

She seems to sense my lack of agreement, but lets the conversation die on its own. "Do you have any plans for when we should next meet up? I don't know if I'll be able to get past my Dad this weekend without him asking awkward questions, but I should be able to do Monday since Winslow is out?"

I give a regretful jerk of my head to the side. Hopefully, I'd be railing the Trio on that day. "I've got plans already in my civilian ID."

"With your girlfriend?" Taylor's question doesn't have a hint of bitterness or jealousy to it, but there is a certain intensity there. A weight, an intensity, behind the query.

"She'll be there. But it's not just the two of us." Normally, that last fact would imply that this was a standard event and we weren't going to be fucking. The conclusion that I was planning to be fucking everyone else too was a little farfetched for anyone to guess without help. A little bit of deception using the truth, the best way to lie.

"I was just curious. It would be fine if it was just the two of you, you know." She says after a moment. "I was serious earlier. What you do in your civilian identity, that's none of my business. As long as I can have Void, I'll be happy."

"And you do have me, so that's that. Even if this means we don't actually get to see each other until... Tuesday? I can do then. Usual time? I can invite Shadow Stalker as well, if you want." I propose.

"The same as today. Split it in two." Taylor decides. "We can meet up a little earlier, make up for lost time. If she shows up later in the evening, fine. If not, we're more used to patrolling without the dead weight anyway."

I raise an eyebrow as Taylor tugs me down the next alleyway, the surroundings starting to look a little familiar. "Heading back to where we started?"

"It was a pretty good spot. Empty. Dead cameras. Warm. Functional lights. No alarms." Taylor lists off. "The perfect place for us to finish off the night."

"Is that what we're calling it now?" I chuckle as our starting point of the night comes back into view. The abandoned cinema with the half-open door leading in to a reception area. One of many, many failed businesses and investments in this part of town that just abruptly stopped being worth anything once Leviathan started fucking up global shipping and the Boat Graveyard started becoming, well, the Boat Graveyard. All the rich people abruptly left, and nobody wanted to buy. Good for criminals looking for a base, and good for vigilante partners looking for somewhere away from prying eyes to chill.

She practically shoves me through the door. "Don't get ahead of yourself. I'm here to fight you."

"Is that-" I respond slowly. "-an euphemism, or are we talking a real fight?"

"A real fight. With stakes. The winner gets-" Her cheeks color briefly. "-winner gets the loser to do one thing that they wouldn't usually want to do. Something a bit outside of their comfort zone, nothing extreme - but... something they wouldn't do on their own without a push. We both fought Shadow Stalker, but never got the chance to go against each other."

"You're almost certain to lose this, you know that, right?" I probe. "If you want me to do something specifically lewd to you, you can just ask-"

Taylor interrupts rapidly to cut off that chain of thought. "It's not like I'm opposed to that outcome, but I've been thinking of how to approach this for a while now. Don't get too overconfident." She takes a position facing me. "We'll enjoy ourselves either way afterwards, I just want to show you how I've improved. So you can stop worrying about me as much."

I give a hapless shrug. "In one day? Just in a few hours? You don't need to-"

"That only matters for the whole..." She waves a hand in the air. "...martial arts thing. That kind of skill is something I'll need to learn over time. But if there's one thing that girl was good for, it was helping me to think about what I was actually doing in these fights. I already had the control I needed to use all of my bugs to their full potential, but I just defaulted to the easy method of ordering them all to rush at the nearest bit of skin. I wasn't thinking about the parts that mattered in a fight. Or, I wasn't thinking about how anything I was doing would actually help me win other than winning by pure force of numbers."

She puts her hands up. The guard was still a bit off, Sophia had berated her about it earlier - but it wasn't terrible. More importantly, her side of the room darkens as a mass of bugs detach from the walls and ceiling. No small selection of a swarm like Shadow Stalker had fought. Here was the entire swarm, already enough to almost eliminate the light in the room by accident as they swarmed around Taylor.

"This is far less sexy than I was thinking it was going to be walking in here." I complain half-heartedly. "This is killing my erection, I'm telling you."

Taylor falters. "That's- Take this seriously. We can handle that afterwards!" She promises. "But we're doing this first. I want to stop this impression you have of me being a helpless damsel if I'm not hidden away at the back somewhere."

"I've never had that impression." I deny. "That might be the optimal position for a Master, but I've never said anything like that."

"You didn't need to. We both know why you wanted Shadow Stalker to come and help me. Because if Oni Lee had gone for me instead of you, I'd be dead - there would have been nothing I could do against him even if he didn't use his grenades. You wouldn't have needed to distract him or fight him at all if I hadn't been around, you could have just ran to safety faster than he could follow." I remain silent at that. "Maybe he'll get broken out soon, maybe he'll get sent to the Birdcage. But he won't be the last person to potentially put me in a situation like that. I don't mind you worrying about me, no - I love the fact that you care enough to worry. I just want you to know that I can handle myself up to a certain point."

I sigh, unable to fully refute the point. That exact thought had crossed my mind before. And I couldn't entirely deny that I was concerned that the majority of the Capes in the Bay would demolish Taylor if she entered their line of sight. That wasn't a slight against her, that was the simple fact that too many Capes were either instantly lethal, capable of ignoring bugs forever or otherwise capable of neutralising her before her bugs got through their costume. Any minion-Master would have the same sort of trouble, it wasn't that I thought she was weak or anything of the sort.

I was just all too aware of how quickly one mistake can bring a life to an end. I'd learned that lesson again and again - even if my power tried to stack the odds against me, I'd still died in preventable ways hundreds, if not thousands, of times by now.

"Let's go then." My ash clone silently appears at my side- and I stop, unable to work out what felt different about the feeling of summoning it. It didn't feel bad. It didn't feel wrong, but something was... off?

Taylor doesn't give me the time to work it out. Her swarm rushing forward while she skips back. I direct my ash clone into the midst of the swarm, swapping over to Glory Girl's power before any of the bugs can get close - protecting me from any harm.

And now I'm blind. Lovely. I'd seen Sophia try to work her way around the mass of bugs roiling across her own helmet, but as my visor is a lot smoother than her eye-slits I should have less trouble wiping them off so long as I can jerk away fast enough from the fliers waiting to take their place. I do just that, sensing my ash clone fading I do so - catching only a glimpse of Taylor's extended leg retreating into the massed swarm, having done the minimum required to dispel the fragile clone.

That was fine. It hadn't been up for long, which meant the cooldown would be short as well. I knew where she was now, at least. I lunge after her, a turn of speed that she couldn't hope to match herself. Her fist flies out to my chest, and I deliberately dispel Glory Girl's forcefield before it can connect. That was my ticket to victory here, the only way to keep the bugs away from anything important even once Taylor was subdued. The punch was somewhat painful, if only because I didn't have much in the way of armour or protection like Taylor did - but I could take it. No big deal.

What was a big deal was that I couldn't see anything, again. I take a guess, lunging to the left to try and grab Taylor - a sharp kick in my side informing me that I'd guessed wrong. I back away from the source of the kick, stalling for the two, three seconds that I needed to get my shadow state back and clear my vision from the bugs that had made their way across the inside of my helmet and were doing their best to crawl all over my face. Not too many yet, but even I could only put up with so much faced with a literal in-my-face distraction.

Finally, I shift away - leaving a cloud of bugs in my wake as I reposition directly into the path of yet another mass of waiting bugs. My power at least has the decency to shove them aside as I reform, but they immediately start retracing the steps of their brethren across my visor and up my neck. Not in time to stop me from noticing that the swarm of bugs wasn't quite perfectly blocking my view of the entire room. There were enough gaps to see to the walls through the roiling mass, except in one particular corner where the swarm was so thick that nothing could be seen past it.

I resummon my ash clone, observing Taylor's obvious hideout carefully. There wasn't anywhere else to hide, but she must recognise that I would know that. Or was she counting on me being unable to approach without being blinded? Forcing me to choose, perhaps. Waste my shadow state and open myself up to a surprise attack or an improvised weapon from a blind spot, or keep it available at the cost of not seeing the first attack coming.

I take my time, and I spend that time mulling over the odd feeling that I got again when summoning my clone. This time, nothing distracts me.

This time, I notice that while my ash clone is in my active power slot - my administrator power doesn't seem to hide itself in my head. The same sensation I get when controlling a bug and can assign it administrator powerset, except this time - with my ash clone. Was this the boost that beating Taylor's last challenge had gotten me? I hadn't had the time to test it out, but I'm sure I couldn't do that before. Did that mean that the power could now be given to any entity made or under the influence of my control?

Did it even make a difference? I reach out to touch the clone, assigning it the administrator role with a thought. I hand it control of the Othala powerset first. No luck. Still can't tag myself, even indirectly. What would the next most useful one be? Clockblocker's powerset was best kept to myself, Vista's was easy enough to do on command...

Maybe... there was some synergy with Taylor's other reward powerset? I hand it bug control, swapping my active power around to order it to keep bugs away from me as its sole command before dropping it again.

And, much to my glee, bugs start to vanish from my visor. Not in any great mass. It didn't stop the ones on the inside either, particularly not when a trio of flies try to settle on top of my eyelids, forcing my eyes completely shut while I wait for my shadow state again. I shift in and out again, observing the results. It wasn't controlling more than me, yet the crowd of bugs was noticeably thinner now. I take a step forward, noting the crunch of bugs underfoot. Was the clone just capable of multi-tasking the power? No. It was easier to see the effects now. One bug drops erratically out of the air followed by another, and another and another. It's not using a better power than me, it's just cycling through orders faster than me. Swapping targets better. Swapping to a bug only long enough to stall its flight or send it into a dive, disrupting its movement and ensuring that it would take far longer to recover than the fraction of a second that my administrator invested to slow it down.

Kind of like watching dozens of people climbing up a bunch of ladders, only for someone to fly around pushing them off as they get halfway up. One moment of attention stopping a great deal more effort. Except however fast the flier was, there were still thousands more ladders in this case. I didn't even want to calculate how many bugs Taylor had brought with her. There must be thousands of bugs amassed around her shroud alone to stop the light from piercing through, let alone the numbers trying to cover me and restrict my movements.

But Taylor wasn't trying to kill me. She wasn't having them bite, nor go any further than covering the inside of my helmet and face. A horrible sensation, yes... but I was used to the absolute worst that this exact power could do. I'd lost and literally been eaten alive before. This was... unpleasant. That was all. An inconvenience still, because no matter how used to it I was - nothing could suppress my body's instincts when something with wings tries to dance on my exposed eyeball. And experience didn't magically allow me to see through a helmet that had several hundred bugs clinging to the visor with all that they have.

But that meant that there were only so many bugs that actually mattered. The bugs around the rest of my body were just unpleasant, but I didn't need to worry about a poisonous bite there losing the fight. All my administrator needed to do was to slow down the ones sneaking in through the gaps around my helmet, and keep my line of sight as clear as it could. Not an easy task, but I only needed the briefest glimpse to correct where I needed to go.

Despite myself, I can't help but grin a little. This was... pleasantly different. Bugs aside. The current Taylor wasn't quite as oppressive or well-prepared as her challenge-self yet, but when you took away the immediate fear of death and getting eaten alive - I liked this kind of fight. One that, for once, wasn't stacked against me by my own power - and one where neither of us seriously wanted to hurt the other. A few bruises at worst, but nothing I couldn't heal up.

The question was why Taylor thought that hiding in that corner would help. An ambush seemed likely. But as for what that actually looked like... I had no way of testing it that easily. She would dispel my clone with ease if I sent it in alone to try and clear some space, and it was doing a good job of giving me some small gaps of visibility to the point where I was disinclined to let it get dispelled.

Time to take the bait then. I erupt into smoke again and charge the instant I reform, twisting space between us to cross the gap in the blink of an eye - wading into the mass of bugs with my forcefield up and ready. A sensible precaution, because the first glimpse I get of Taylor is her swinging a wooden stool at me. One leg breaks on contact as it bounces off of my one-time shield rather than knocking me down. I freeze the weapon before she can pull it away completely, taking a kick to my lower body for my trouble - but that wasn't important. A gap opens in my vision, a dark figure moves in the corner of my eye and I grapple towards it. Trails of bugs chitter through my hands as the dark outline is revealed to be simply a far denser pillar of bugs held in a human-like shape.

Taylor, the real Taylor, tackles me from behind - forcing me to the ground. I keep the momentum, twisting my arm out of her attempt at a submission hold - only to graze up against a mass of cables, an illuminated lamp flickering as its power lead is jostled and what felt like the best part of an entire shelf of plugged-in equipment falling on top of us both.

I suppose I did mention Shadow Stalker's weakness as the reason I can't go charging through every wall we see on our patrols, but I didn't expect her to actually try to neutralise it. I could still go through the floor, I think - but I didn't know what was down there or if there was a cable in the wrong place that I might go through. I didn't need to do that though. It was, admittedly, a good plan. But she hadn't managed to completely lock me down. I wrench my arms up and away, lifting both her and her assortment of devices up with my entire body weight before tipping her onto the floor in my place.

We struggle, but this is a contest of brute strength now. This is what I was good at. "Phtlghthb." I tell her, a rogue spider punishing my decision to try and speak. "Pteh. Blech."

I give up on trying to talk. I pin both of her arms to the ground, straddle her and wait for her futile attempts to dislodge me to weaken - mouth set firmly in a stubborn line to stop a repeat performance. The inside of my helmet is infested, but she wasn't trying to block my airway, so I could handle it.

Taylor struggles in vain for a solid half a minute, trying everything she could to flip me and my weight away before slumping. "I give up." The bugs still instantly, an instantaneous reversal as the entire swarm picks up themselves, and their fallen brethren, before scampering away into every dark crook and cranny that the old building has. I spare a hand to tilt my helmet, opening up some space for the minor infestation inside my helmet to leave quicker down my neck. "I can't believe you can just push past that like it wasn't even happening. Everyone else I've tried it on can't do much of anything when I just cover them like that. Even Shadow Stalker was struggling in the end."

"Let's call it experience." Challenge-Taylor was worse. "I've just gotten used to the feeling."

"You're full of it." With the bugs gone, I had a far better sight of how Taylor had surrounded me with so many electrics. She hadn't dropped a shelf on me, or tied them around me - she'd tied all the cables and appliances around herself. Long power cables circling her costume multiple times. Doubling as both a weapon and an effective leash preventing her from moving far from her chosen corner. No wonder she refused to move while she was setting up, she didn't just want to ambush me - she physically couldn't leave if she wanted to. "I've barely ever touched you with my bugs. I remember how it first felt for me, it's-" She shakes her head. "How can you focus on literally anything else that's happening?"

"I told you, I'm used to the feeling." I grin. "The feeling of being awesome." She gives me a withering look, attempting to move me from my position once again with a thrust of her hips and a twist of her arms. No dice.

"You're so smug. I was so sure that would work." Taylor complains loudly. "How did you start messing with my bugs on your visor? I didn't think your version of my power really did anything on that scale."

"I got a bit of an upgrade a little while ago." I confide in her. "I can make my clone an administrator, and it seems that the power is a bit better at processing multiple commands in a row."

"Another power. Typical." She struggles again, perhaps not realising exactly what the movement was doing to my lower half in turn. "Damn it. I'm so annoyed, I really thought I had you at the end there. Can you help me get this off of me, at least?" She gestures at the mass of cables.

"I don't know, there's a certain appeal to seeing you all tied up." I make a show of struggling with the decision.

"Void-" I let out an aggrieved sigh, freeing her arms and disconnecting every nearby cable I could find. "-thanks."

"Don't mention it. I'm a gracious victor. Modest too." I tell her truthfully. "Humble as the earth."

Taylor snorts at that, but not before wincing as I shift my weight.

Ah.

"Now then. If you've gotten all of that out of your system..." Taylor gives a nervous, half-nod as I trail one finger along her torso. "... I think it's about time for you to take this off."

Taylor audibly swallows. "I-I guess I did say that the winner gets one thing-"

"Oh, this isn't my one thing." I deny. "We were both planning to have some fun anyway. Even if you had won, you wouldn't need a special favour from me to suck my dick - would you now? We were already doing that before."

"I wasn't naked last time!" Taylor protests. "I was just-" She stops.

"I think we went a bit past that step." I fill in for her drily.

She crosses her arms. "Fine. It's not that I don't want to, it's just a bit embarrassing. So, you have to do it as well. That way-"

"That's fine." I agree amicably, stripping my street clothes away with practised ease. The shirt won't come off without taking my mask off, so I just rip it down the middle instead. Not the toughest material, and I'd picked it for the fact that it was old, worn and disposable anyway.

I strike an impatient pose in front of a Taylor that's spending absolutely no effort pretending not to violate me with her eyes. "Up to your standards, I hope?" It would be, I knew. That kind of easy self-confidence was something that I was pretty much forced to admit was down to my power's influence. When was the last time that Greg, previously a complete virgin and owner of basically every platinum achievement for every decent dating sim on the market, had even an inkling of worry about his sexual performance or how others might view his body? I couldn't even think how far back it must have been, and I had no doubt that I could blame it on superpowers. Some people end up thinking a little differently after triggering. For me, it was hard to tell what was directly the fault of having powers on its own, and how much the orgy of trauma, sex and violence that having them pushed me into was to blame. I wasn't particularly concerned about working it out either. Sometimes, when life does you a solid - you just say 'Thanks'.

Taylor starts guiltily. "I wasn't staring! I- uh."

"You can stare as much as you like." I grin. "Why wouldn't you? Unless you want to take back everything we said before Shadow Stalker arrived."

"No! No. I meant all of that. I was- I'm not used to this being-" Taylor flails for the words. "I just feel like a pervert."

That wasn't really much of a surprise. Taylor hadn't exactly had much time to adjust to her - our - situation. I hadn't actually expected to get much further than we already had today, but ultimately - I'd happily go as far as I could if Taylor seemed onboard with it. "Nothing wrong with that. What's the point even having a boyfriend if you can't even perv on him every now and then?"

Taylor considers that, then shamelessly lowers her gaze again. "Right. I can't be a pervert if I'm doing it with permission."

"Not quite what I meant, but whatever makes you feel better." I make a grabby gesture with my hands. "But don't just leave me hanging here. I need to put my magic hands to work sooner rather than later if you want to have any chance of getting home on time."

I get a confused look as she fiddles with a part of her costume at the back of the neck, a significant portion of it peeling back a moment later and exposing her shoulders. Then, comprehension dawns. "Wait, were you only doing this to heal me? I thought-" She huffs. "-I thought you actually wanted to see me like that."

"Oh, I absolutely did." I cheer. "And my version of Panacea's power requires me to get up close and personal, so really it was just a paper-thin excuse to grope you." She stops pouting at that. "Feels a bit odd to defend myself by saying that I did have ulterior motives, but there you go."

Taylor visibly fights a smile, and loses. "If it's you, you don't need an excuse with me. You should know that." The outer parts of her costume are coming off faster now, my shameless admission of interest apparently slicing past whatever thought process was holding her back. Even if she hadn't come right out and explicitly said it, I knew what Taylor was like. She was probably thinking something along the lines of 'Oh no, what if he doesn't like my ugly, skinny body and decides he would rather go and fuck Shadow Stalker instead?'. While I admittedly couldn't entirely deny interest in that last part, the fact that she would even consider the first as a possibility said enough about how little she understands how horny the average guy our age is.

I eye Taylor as she sheepishly pulls the rest of her outer costume away, slipping out of the top half of her undersuit as well - leaving the fabric resting against her front, not held up by anything other than friction and the whims of gravity.

She doesn't move to stop me as I step forward, one hand already raised to remove the offending article. I can feel her tense as I pull it away, leaving her breasts fully exposed to me for the first time. We'd definitely done this out of order, but that was the fiddly nature of trying to get some action with costumes. My costume was at least just some normal, expendable clothes - at least until I had some more work done with Parian - but Taylor's was the real deal. Not easy to slip in and out of in a few seconds, as her methodical work on the various straps and zippers holding her own costume together was showing.

"There, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Taylor's eyes flutter closed as I place a palm against her breast. It's smaller than average, but it still fits into my palm and then some. A light squeeze is enough to force an uncontrolled, almost squeaky, breath out of her mouth.

"You don't have to pretend to like them." Taylor murmurs. "I know that they're not... exactly big. Or, impressive in any way - really. You don't need to worry about sparing my feelings, I can handle the truth."

"I don't need to pretend." I tell her proudly. "I'm an ascended male, one that understands perfectly clear that all breasts are to be loved and appreciated equally. Big ones. Small ones. Average ones. None of that matters to me. All of them are worthy of praise, and the only thing that really matters is that I like the person they're attached to."

Taylor fails to hold back a bemused smile at my declaration. "I can't believe you can say all of that with a straight face." Why wouldn't I be able to do that? That was... barely a 3/10 on the cringe scale. If I said that online, the only responses would be a string of comments only saying 'Based' before I ate a temp ban for talking about NSFW topics. "But I appreciate it all the same."

"I'm feeling like you don't really believe me." I frown, one finger circling each areola in turn in a teasing motion. "Which leaves me with no choice."

Taylor makes no move to resist my studious molestation of her chest. "No choice but to do what?"

"No choice but to let my actions speak louder than words. You won't be able to deny the truth of what I'm saying when you realise that I can't keep my hands off of your body." I pinch her lightly between two fingers. "From now on, every time we meet up. I'm going to make sure that you know exactly what your body does to me, just like you're doing now without even trying." Taylor's eyes slide back downwards at my words - and this time, there's no rebuttal incoming. After all, it was hard to claim that I was just pretending to be attracted to her when there was indisputable, rock-solid evidence about my feelings just waiting for her to reach out and verify with her own two hands. "It will be the best argument that I could make, and you'll have no choice but to accept that you're perfect just the way you are."

"Stop, you're being embarrassing now." Taylor's voice hitches a little, a flush of red spreading across her face.

I continue to molest her chest. "Only if you admit that I'm telling the truth."

"Fine, fine! I believe you." She affects a pained expression. "If you're that insistent, I'll admit that you... like what you like."

"I guess that will do for a start." I slide one finger down her torso, noting a slight discolouration that hadn't darkened into a full bruise yet. "I knew it. If you won, and we were doing whatever you wanted instead - would you even have let me heal these?" I don't wait for an answer, pressing one finger against the spot and getting a pained hiss in return for my troubles. "It's something I've been frustrated enough over before, finishing patrols and knowing that you've taken hits in places that it would feel a bit too personal to suggest healing without you offering - but there's no excuse like that now. I'm not going to start liking you any more than I already do if I see you toughing your way through a bunch of bruises for no reason, you know that - right? That's not tough, that's just dumb. Unless you're into that."

"I'm not a masochist." Taylor objects instantly. "And, sorry. I didn't realise it bothered you that much. It just felt like a pretty minor thing. If it was serious, you know I would have asked you."

"So you feel like you can't come to me for anything if it's not serious?" I question.

Taylor groans. "I said I was sorry! I wasn't actively plotting to not ask, we just had other things to do and I could honestly barely feel it at the time." She shifts her weight. "I usually feel fine until we've already gone home. Besides, it's not like I know in advance which hits are going to bruise and which won't. I took a beating pretty much everywhere today."

"All the more reason for me to thoroughly inspect you before you leave." I decide with a firm nod. "See? I knew there were advantages to bringing Shadow Stalker along. I'll have to thank her one of these days."

"Shameless." Taylor grouses. But her fingers are already slipping the lower half of her costume down and away as she shuffles backwards - the fabric coming away far easier without the top-half securing it in place. "And thank her? Bah." She shakes her head. "I'll win next time, and we'll see about that."

"Oh?" I lean forward conspirationally. "Don't just leave it at that, you've gone and gotten my curiosity up now. What were you going to ask for if you won?"

She let out a defeated sigh. "I just wanted you to beat her up a bit, once you got strong enough to do it. Like, completely crush her. So thoroughly she can't even make up an excuse other than to admit that you're just better."

Oho? I grin. "Not that I'm at all opposed to the idea, but what brought that on? A bit of petty revenge? Spite? I could understand that. She hit me pretty hard too. I'd like to return the favour pretty decisively one of these days without needing to catch her off-guard."

"Something about her attitude just rubs me the wrong way. It's not like I think she's wrong, or anything - I just can't help but feel annoyed somehow when she's being herself." Taylor kicks the last of her costume away, mask excluded. No sense of discomfort or shyness this time. After a moment, she even inches her legs slightly apart as she notes the direction of my gaze. I think I could mark that down as a huge win for my 'improve Taylor's self-image by being a massive pervert' plan. I'm a charismatic genius, and basically better than a therapist at this point. "I've got a lot of respect for her as a hero, and, personal misgivings aside, I'm glad that you found someone that showed an interest in us that didn't involve a recruitment pitch - the way she was talking, it felt more real than any Cape interaction we've had other than Oni Lee. I don't hate her, or even dislike her, but-" Taylor sounds vexed, unable to voice her feelings properly.

Taylor clearly hadn't consciously connected Sophia and Shadow Stalker in her head. Which made sense. For all that they were very similar, Taylor had basically no interactions with Sophia as a real person to reference - and her picture of her bully and a respected heroine probably didn't mesh together well. On top of that, Sophia's costume completely covered her - only a select few PHO users even knew that she was black courtesy of a grainy video showing an exposed arm after taking damage in one of her earliest Cape fights as a Ward. While not explicitly against the rules, that video and discussing the minor bit of information gleaned from it is one way to eat a temp ban on PHO - which I would usually be dead against and make a dozen alts publicising the information until the mods gave up... but, there are actual Nazi's in the city that would be the people most interested in that information, so I graciously decided to allow the heavy-handed abuse of moderator power to go unpunished.

"I get it, I think." I fill in the momentary silence as she struggles with what she's trying to say. "There's different types of friendship. You don't always have to only wish the best for your friends. Sometimes, the thing you want the most is to see them fall flat on their faces - especially when they've got an ego that's just begging to be deflated a little. Schadenfreude."

"We're not friends." Taylor denies on reflex. "But, yeah - kinda. Hero or not, I'd just like to see her taken down a peg or two. Seeing her react when you first took her down, holding her there, acting all shocked after saying all of that - it made me feel a little-" Taylor breaks off. "Well. That isn't important. It felt pretty good to see, that's all. A repeat performance, one that she can't find any excuse to deny or comeback from... I'd like to see it. See how long that superior attitude lasts when she gets dominated in a fight and has to admit that she's just weaker." Taylor lingers on the thought for a moment. "I'd do it myself, but I think you'll probably reach that point before me - with the way you keep attracting powers to yourself like a magnet. That, and there's a certain... appeal, to watching you do it. Can't really explain it, I don't know." She gives a hapless shrug.

"And you thought you needed to win yourself a favour from me to get me to do that?" That was maybe the most confusing part.

"...yes? You're friends, aren't you? Fellow heroes." Taylor runs one hand through her hair as yet another bruise fades to unblemished, pale skin. My version of Panacea's power might not be able to spread far from the point of contact, or do anything particularly complex - but bruises weren't really that complicated. I could already heal cuts and set bones if I had close enough contact, cleaning up what was little more than a bit of out-of-place blood and swelling was nothing. "It's obvious that you wouldn't be on board with crushing her like that for no reason. You probably think it's weird of me to even suggest, considering that whatever her attitude - she has been helping us."

Sometimes, I needed to remind myself that not everyone got to hear my inner monologue. That people had an entirely different impression of me than what I thought of myself. Taylor genuinely thought I was a paragon of heroes everywhere, a moral beacon to aspire to - and definitely not someone that was basically slavering over the idea of violently breeding a meek, submissive Shadow Stalker as I returned every harsh word and blow she'd ever handed out. Taylor was feeling guilty for wishfully dreaming of a small fraction of what I was actively planning to do to her.

And, regardless of the fact that I would have been completely on board with knocking Shadow Stalker on her ass at the earliest opportunity, I couldn't help but let my mind stray over Taylor's admission. This was promising, wasn't it? I still had challenges to clear, yes. Sensibilities to test. I needed to induct Taylor into the true depravity that being a part of my harem entailed. All of that was true.

But what caught my attention was the similarities to Emma. She'd practically been drooling over a few fantasies about having me fuck other people once I maxed her out, Taylor and Sophia included. This time around with Taylor, while she hadn't gone as far as to even mention anything sexual... the foundations were already there for her thoughts to go down that direction. The guy she liked pinning down her egotistical rival, someone who desperately needed to be put in her place... She'd already internalised the fact that I was sleeping with at least one other person, and that that fact was completely fine. Was it such a stretch for her imagination to stray beyond a simple beatdown and humiliation, to something a little lewder? Whether she'd ever admit those thoughts unprompted, I didn't know - but I was sure that the foundation of something special between the three of us was there.

If Taylor knew the full story, she would probably be disappointed at missing out on the sight if things went as I was hoping this long-weekend. But, even if I did manage to end up fucking Sophia - there was a difference between Sophia and Shadow Stalker, and even further than that, a difference between fucking her in private company and exposing her as my personal fucktoy in front of her junior superheroine.

"Let me assure you." I tell her. "I'm completely on board with that idea, even more so now that I know you want it too."

"Really?" She gives me a searching look. "You aren't just saying that to humour me?"

I wasn't humouring anyone. In the same way that some people just had a really, really punchable face - Sophia had an attitude just screaming for someone to validate her life philosophy from the other end than the one she was usually experiencing. To turn her into a submissive little fuckpet that eagerly acknowledged and served her master's every whim... but Taylor wasn't at the level where I could just come out and say that. "Promise. I'll need a bit of time to get strong enough that she can't even compete anymore, but when that time comes - you'll get to see one humble little kitten coming to terms with her place in the food chain. To be honest, I was completely planning to do that anyway."

"I didn't expect that from you." She admits. "I guess it's true what they say. Great minds think alike?"

"Something like that." Taylor had a way to go to catch up with the true extent of my thoughts.

"Guess I didn't need to bet anything on that fight in the end after all." Taylor rues. "If it was just to get you to do something you wanted to do anyway."

"Completely wasted." I agree placidly. "And handed straight into my hands instead, what a blunder."

"I told you, I'm not opposed to this outcome." Taylor relaxes. "To be honest, I... kind of like it when you take charge. You know what you're doing more than me, after all. It's a win-win situation either way."

"And what if I didn't want to do anything lewd at all?" I puncture her self-satisfied aura. "I could branch out a bit, say... we could fix that temporary name issue of yours. I've got a bunch of ideas-"

"No!" Taylor reacts with a horrified expression that is really a bit of an overreaction to an innocuous suggestion. "I'm-I'm working on it. I'll think of an amazing one any moment now, just- something lewd instead! Please!"

I tut. "What would Shadow Stalker say if she could see you now? Begging for a guy to use his favour on his preferred way to violate your body just so that you can try and pick out a different name."

"Fuck her." Taylor shakes her head. "Besides, she'd understand too if our situations were the same." She bites her lip. "I didn't think you'd consider anything that wasn't... you know-" She does a pretty impressive demonstration of a blowjob with her hand and tongue against the inside of her cheek.

"Weren't we going to be doing that anyway? You seemed pretty annoyed at having to wrap it up early once Shadow Stalker arrived, and you seemed so keen not so long ago." I slide both hands along her chest. One to brush up against another bruise, the other to tease. "You weren't hoping I would just waste it like you were going to, were you?"

"No-" Taylor protests unconvincingly. "-it's just, I can't help but feel nervous about what you're planning when you're holding it over me like this."

"In a bad way?" I check.

"Not entirely." She admits after a moment of pause.

"Then you'll just have to use your imagination until I'm done here." I inform her, moving back to my 'arduous' task of healing. I circle around behind her as I move on to the next spot, the placement and size indicating that this one was the result of either a well-placed kick or where Taylor had landed badly on the ground.

I wasn't unsympathetic. My first fights with Sophia had definitely been a lot worse, but I also got fully-healed again within literal seconds of losing. By the time I fought her in real life, I was... if not on the same level as her, then damn close. I never had to go through with actually living through any of the beatings she gave me at first - and I'm pretty sure that anyone who had ever fought her could verify one thing: Sophia did not like to pull her punches.

"Not long then." Taylor muses as I move again.

"Mmhm. Have I missed a spot?" I finish off the last obvious spot on her back. Quick work.

She runs her hands over her arms, then her chest, then her legs. "I don't think so, though I wouldn't say no to regeneration if you end up cycling around to it at some point later." Taylor pauses as my hand roams south. "You certainly won't find any bruises there."

"Does it hurt to be sure?" I brush against her slit gently, not so different from our position while we were waiting for Shadow Stalker earlier - but this time, there was no pesky costume in the way.

Taylor's legs inch wider, implicitly accepting the new position of my hand between her legs. "I suppose not. Although..."

"Although...?" I encourage as my touch turns into a slow, circular rubbing motion. I could feel the heat there, and the dampness wasn't entirely due to sweat. But perhaps the most promising sign of this encounter was just how relaxed and compliant Taylor had become, practically purring under my ministrations despite how things had rapidly developed.

"I can't help but feel that this is a bit one-sided." She leans back against me, deliberately pressing the small of her back against my cock - making slight twists of her body from side-to-side, making it precisely clear that she knew what she was doing to me. "You know I'm happy to follow your lead, but when I pictured what you might want from me when given the chance - this wasn't quite what I expected. Don't you want me to return the favour?"

"This still isn't my favour. This is just me showing my appreciation for my lovely partner, is that so wrong?" I probe as Taylor grinds back against me once again, even as my hand turns slick from the results of my fingerfucking adventures.

"No." Taylor takes on a soft voice. "We're boyfriend and girlfriend, so it's fine to do this kind of thing - and this does feel good, but- but I want to make you feel good too. Before Shadow Stalker came, I-" Taylor bucks against my fingers as her speech cuts out momentarily. "I- I liked that. Having you in my hands, in my mouth - every little thing that I could do to get a reaction out of you. The feeling that - in that little moment - I was in control. That I was the one that could make you feel and react like that. I felt... really hot. Sexy. And, I wouldn't mind doing it again. That's all."

"Sounds like you're in luck." I whisper into her ear. "Because my favour has a lot to do with that."

She leans into my neck. "Yeah?"

"Mhm. You see, I was as frustrated as you were about the fact that we had to keep ourselves presentable with Shadow Stalker on the way. But, we don't have that problem right now. That pesky costume is already off, and that can't help but remind me of exactly what I wanted to do when I saw you in just your undersuit earlier." I swap hands, letting the other slide a trail of wetness along the bare skin of her stomach.

"And what was that?" She matches the hushed tone.

"I wanted to cum all over you." I bring the finger upwards. "I wanted to cover your face, your tits, your chest, your legs - I wanted to absolutely coat you in my seed."

"I thought guys preferred it when people swallowed?" Taylor prods curiously. "You seemed to enjoy that too."

"Oh, that's nice too - don't get me wrong. And I'm dearly looking forward to you doing that again." I confirm. "But there's also a certain appeal to the idea of seeing you covered in my cum. Kind of like a declaration to the world that you're mine."

"Sounds nice, when you phrase it like that." Taylor admits. "Kind of romantic, almost." She bites her lip. "I don't think there's a shower in here though, I don't think the building is that advanced. Or even has water, seeing how disused it is."

"Probably not." I affirm.

"I'd still have to get home afterwards." It's not a rejection, but a thoughtful whisper. "How would I even get cleaned up?"

"Up to you. There's probably a toilet somewhere, or you could use something as a... rag, of sorts. Or you just race home and clean everything up when you get back" I press an additional finger inside her inner walls to join my rhythmic motions.

"Void!" Taylor sounds scandalised at that last one, but the recrimination lacks heat. "Are you suggesting I let you cum all over me, put my costume back on, and then walk home with cum still dripping off my face?"

"That would be your choice." I reply laconically. "Although, when you say it out loud - that does sound hotter than I was originally thinking."

"...that's so- so perverted." Taylor states. "So perverted." She repeats. "Deviant, even." But the voice sounds a little distracted.

"I didn't hear a no." I point out.

"It's- it's slutty, right. You'd have to be a complete slut to do that- that kind of thing. We're heroes." Taylor protests. "If I did that in daytime, I'd get arrested for public indecency, or something like that. And rightly so!"

"It's not daytime. It's past midnight. I don't think there's anyone left on the streets with a reputation to uphold, or anyone at all, really. Aside from you and me, the streets are empty - and even if they weren't, nobody is going to notice that kind of detail with a real Cape walking at them." I spread her legs a little wider, as if to make a point. "As for the rest, maybe you're right. The question is, do you feel like my slut?"

Taylor trembles in my grip. "It's so lewd." She goes back to her first point, dodging my question. "I'd make a mess of the costume, too. Do you have any idea how hard this thing is to wash? It takes ages, even using bugs as labour."

"We won't see each other again until Tuesday anyway." Am I the devil on the shoulder here? In truth, I was originally going to be perfectly happy leaving my mark on Taylor and calling it a day full of progress - pushing her boundaries one last time before calling it a night. The offhand idea to wear it home had just met with a surprisingly weak resistance - or, better to say that she'd fixated on that one option and started making weak arguments against it. I just couldn't help but sense weakness and push it.

Taylor seems to struggle with the idea, and I could see her weighing it up. Something about the thought seemed to be sticking with her, and I was pretty sure that I could feel her gradually getting even wetter as I continued my slow fingering. "I guess, we'd be the only ones to know. Really."

"I wouldn't tell a soul." I echo in agreement.

"And it's a one-time thing. Because you won, and this is what we bet." She reasons.

I elect not to clarify that I had originally only been intending to bust my load over her before leaving her to cleanup, or that she was the one that was taking an offhand comment seriously. This was one misunderstanding that I was all too happy to let go on, because the lewder Taylor got, the faster she was going to accept that she really did belong to me now. My obedient, happy little slut. Still Taylor, of course. Still a scary bug-controller. Still my reliable, sarcastic Cape partner. Still a grouchy figure with a bone to pick with the Trio. All of those facets would still be there, but ultimately, down to their core - her world was going to revolve around me eventually, just like Emma, and everyone else that I managed to max out.

Taylor is oblivious to my thoughts. "When you think about it, it's not that much worse than all the sweat and grime that builds up anyway. I'll have a shower when I get back, the costume will be as clean as always by the next time I wear it. And this way, we wouldn't be leaving any real evidence that we were here. Temporarily taking over this room alone is bad enough, even if they weren't using it. We can't just help ourselves to the rest of the building like we own the place."

"Sounds like you've made up your mind." I pipe up.

"I haven't! I haven't! I was just mulling over the possibility." Taylor is practically steaming red. "I- you know what, I'll think about it. If I'm feeling generous, in the right mood when you're... done, then I'll consider it." She spins around to face me, long legs sliding out behind her, her body tight against my left leg and one hand already wrapped around my cock while the other holds against me for balance. "Whatever I decide, this is the first step anyway. So I don't have to make up my mind about whether I'm willing to- to humour you, right now."

"As you say." I respond easily.

She strokes the tip. "If we're going to do this, you're going to need to give me a lot of warning. Otherwise, you'll only get my face - right?"

"I'll let you know when I'm close." I assure her as she lowers herself towards my cock, breaths brushing against my exposed shaft before her tongue sets to work on my tip. If it was Emma, or one of my other regulars, the mask would have gotten in the way - but Taylor couldn't quite take me all the way to the base yet anyway, so there wasn't any need to try and work around it.

I relax back against the wall, leaving my hands free to roam across her hair, shoulders and back as encouragement for her efforts. Compared to last time, she seemed more than content to take her time - her temporary embarrassment fleeing in the face of concentration and a dancing, teasing look in her eyes as her mask glances up to meet my darkened visor. She was very, very comfortable in this position, a far cry from the flustered mess she'd been a moment earlier - the instant her lips had attached themselves to my dick, it was almost like she was a different person. Putting on display the easy self-confidence and drive that she usually only showed in moments of action, a far cry from her civilian persona to say the least.

The confidence wasn't entirely unearned either. She was readily making it clear that the glimpse I got of her potential just a few hours prior was no fluke: For all that Taylor had no idea what she was doing, she definitely knew what she was doing. On the face of it, that sounded like a complete contradiction - but there was no other way to illustrate the contrast between her status at the start of the day as someone who had likely only ever touched a guy when required to hold hands for class activities, and the meticulous, almost slavish devotion to the task in front of her that put the efforts of most of her peers to shame. Emma had been... well. A bit of a mess when it came to blowjobs in the beginning. Serviceable, certainly. But if I really had to assign her starting efforts a rating, they would be perfectly average, at best - only improving through focus and dedication. Pure repetition had been the best teacher, pulling her aside at least once a day to drain my balls - getting a little bit better every time until she actually knew what she was doing.

But Taylor, Taylor couldn't be put into that same category of 'enthusiastic and slutty, but needs time'. Taylor was a natural talent. Aside from the slight detail of not managing my full length, Taylor was already rivalling her... well. Rival. In this department at least, Emma obviously had other assets to pull ahead with overall - but I had to concede, Taylor could give head like a champion. All while looking like a doe-eyed innocent girl that would flush at the idea of holding hands in public.

Actually, I was pretty sure that was exactly how she would react if I tried that. Which was kinda funny, for someone currently attempting to suck my soul out through my dick.

My hands unconsciously dig into fists as she continues to tease, licking and sucking with almost religious fervour while her hands match the pace of her mouth for the parts that she had yet to personally reach. "Mmk?" She directs the wordless question at me with a glance, asking if that action meant that I was ready to blow.

"Keep going." I groan, relaxing my grip. "You're way too good at this."

The disbelieving snort is almost tragic. Of course she would think that I'm just being nice. At least when the entire cat is out of the bag, I can be honest and say that she's a better cocksucker than Emma. That will probably cheer her up once she stops being mad at me.

Reassured that I wasn't about to erupt down her throat, she returns to her motions. Completely absorbed in her task, seemingly forgetting all about the outside world as her mind focuses solely on the dick in her hands, in her mouth, on the sounds and reactions she could wring from me with a mere flick of her tongue or a twist of her fingers. Briefly, she makes an attempt to take me further into her throat - but swiftly decides against it and returns to her original pattern as if nothing had happened. Not that I was complaining. Deepthroating was a skill, and definitely hot on its own, but not really necessary. In truth, she could have limited her efforts to almost purely my tip and I'd have eventually spilled my load onto her waiting tongue.

We'd have to try that sometime.

But in the meantime, I was just about ready to blow thanks to receiving the full package. The Deluxe Taylor treatment. "I'm there." I gasp out.

Taylor pulls away, a torturously long process, lingering just long enough to make me wonder if she's decided that she'd rather take my entire load down her throat once again - but then the moment passes, and she pulls off with a wet, pleased 'pop'.

"Go on then~" Taylor purrs. "All over me, that's what you wanted, wasn't it?" She slides backwards, reclining at an angle as I rise off the floor, jerking myself to keep myself right at the edge where she had left me. She mimes a circle, from the outer curve of one breast to the other and back again - a target marker, perhaps.

And I can't hold back any longer, not after all the work she'd put in to get me this far - not when she was making herself such a tempting, delectable target. All but daring me to stamp my claim all over her. "Here I come." I hiss out. The first jet fires out, landing in a long streak that crosses the gap from her lower stomach up to her neck. A second, and a third, and a fourth plaster creamy legs, then her chest again before I adjust myself forward - the last, dying spurts of my climax settling into messy, gooey lines from the top of her half-mask down to her chin. I squeeze out a few more with a few firm, decisive motions - aiming for large areas of skin that I'd missed the first time around until nothing was left to come out. My aim was shaky, and some of my shots fell wide - but taking a step back, I was pretty pleased with the results.

And so, apparently, was Taylor.

Strings of cum stretch between her fingers as she scoops up one small puddle pooling in the valley of her breasts, holding it in to the air to appreciate it as it races down her fingertips again and drools back down onto her body once more. "I didn't expect there to be so much of it." Taylor lets her hand drop again, this time smearing another splatter across her stomach and up to her tits as if applying lotion. "I guess it's hard to get a good sense of how much there is when it's all going down my throat, but it's nice to think that I can get all of this out of you with as little effort as that."

"If that was only a little effort, I'm almost worried about what you would call hard work." I respond drily, taking in the sight of Taylor soaked in my cum. A decisive kind of milestone, and a small, petty part of me couldn't help but grin in triumph at how her completely-uncalled-for argument earlier in the day had ended like this - even if she didn't realise it. She'd made such a loud, pointed gesture of turning her back on me - only to unwittingly submit to me further than ever before under another guise. Honestly, she was pretty lucky that I still liked her. If I had wanted to, I could easily have made this rank among the worst days of her life by cutting her off as Void Cowboy too. I can imagine a few guys doing that in the same situation, hotheads acting out of spite and wounded feelings. A spurned friend resolving to spite the other no matter what - the fact that I was still planning to resolve basically all of the problems in her life and add her to the harem with her one-time best friend was genuinely the best streak of luck that Taylor had ever had.

And if you took away the small, small details of the names of a few specific members of that harem and our teensy-little-argument before - I don't even think Taylor was that far from agreeing with that statement.

She squishes her thighs together wetly. "You know, I think I'm starting to see the appeal of this." Taylor muses, pushing herself fully upright and watching the cum flow down her body in rivulets. "I never really saw the appeal of facials or anything before-" Ah, a facet of porn that Taylor was aware of. Interesting. "-but thinking that this is from you, specifically, kind of makes it special." She flicks one finger against her chin to dislodge a hanging droplet. "Like you said, it's kind of like proof that we're together. A claim for all the world to see." She blinks. "Well, not all the world. Obviously. It would be terrible if anyone else saw me like this. Not- not completely terrible, I mean. Embarrassing, maybe. It's one thing for people to know, but I'm still trying to be a hero." She clarifies hastily.

"Hard to come back from that kind of reputation." I agree easily.

She considers that for a moment, before a daring grin alights on her face. "Then I'd better cover up, and make sure that nobody sees me on the way back." Taylor decides, already pulling her lower costume back on. The look she sends me is impish. "I can't believe that you're making me do this. Such a pervert."

"If I recall, I left the choice entirely up to you." I deflect blame. "But if you're happy with the idea of going out into the streets, pretending to be a moral, upstanding heroine - while literally being my cum-coated slut on the inside, then be my guest. Everyone has a fetish or two."

"I don't have any fetishes." Taylor denies a bit too quickly. "It was your idea. I'm just being a good girlfriend." She makes a face as she fully covers her thighs, then pulls the combined armour and undersuit up around her hips in one motion - looping her arms through a set of straps in the next movement to pull the costume further up. "And, I don't really mind that label, just between the two of us. I obviously don't want anyone else to know, which is why I would never do this normally. The danger that somehow, someone might discover the truth is a little exciting - true - but I definitely don't want it to happen."

"I'm pretty sure that forbidden thrill you're describing is literally a fetish." I drawl over her protests.

She makes a wordless growl at that as her undersuit is pulled up to cover the sheen of her breasts. "It's not! You're trying to make it out like I'm a pervert, when you were the one who wanted me to do it in the first place. I'm not- I'm not an exhibitionist."

"I'm a pervert too." I admit shamelessly. "I can't help it, given the chance to see my lewd girlfriend doing lewd things - I'll take that option every time."

"You'd be a terrible boyfriend if you didn't." Taylor holds her hand out. "Speed?"

I activate Blessing. "Strength now." I poke her hand and apply it. "Speed next. You're just going to run away from the conversation?"

"I'm going to run towards my shower." She tells me primly. "It's easy for you to sit and laugh, my costume is all gooey and wet on the inside, and it hasn't even been raining today."

"A shame I couldn't manage the outside as well. If only we had a bit more time." I sigh mournfully.

"The outside- Not a chance." Taylor shuts me down with a strangled voice. "Even if you're my boyfriend, we've got to keep some of our... heroic dignity when it comes to our costumes. At least for appearance's sake."

"Isn't it even better when costumes are involved? More convenient, as well." I gesture around our current room. "Next time we meet up, the odds are that we won't have an abandoned room like this to claim as our own - we might have to make do with a dusty back-alley. We wouldn't have the luxury of comfortably disrobing, instead we'd just have to brush a few articles of clothing aside and set to work. I can already picture you, to be honest-"

"Only if we get desperate." Taylor completely fails to deny the possibility. "It would be better to make it somewhere a bit special, because, you know-"

"I know...?" I didn't know.

"You do know." I maintain my blank expression. "The thing we talked about before? Me making some arrangements..." Taylor seems to want to avoid spelling it out. "...to be safe? I could do that for Tuesday, easily. If-if you think it's a good time, obviously. If you think it's too early, you know about this thing more than I do-"

"Ohh." I nod. "Fucking."

Taylor winces at my bluntness. "You could say it more romantically, but, yes. If that's what you want. I'm a complete novice, obviously, but - I'm your girlfriend too. I want to experience all of you, and I want to give you all of me."

I resist the urge to fistpump the air at the blatant admission that I've won, that Taylor was completely down to sleep with me before I'd even gotten close to clearing out her challenge list. Not entirely a surprise. I'd definitely gotten that impression just a few hours ago, and really, if I had to draw up a big list of all my potential relationships and the people most likely to be desperate enough for love and attention that they'd be willing to bone without my power railroading things completely, Taylor was at the top of that list. By a lot.

"The feelings mutual." I make a thinking gesture. "I can find us a place to patrol where we can stop somewhere- actually. Do you even want to do a proper patrol on that day? Aside from whenever we meet up with Shadow Stalker later at night. We could just make it a comfy afternoon, unlike our usual fare. Enjoy each other's company, you know how it is." Spend the afternoon fucking, take a moonlit walk, fuck some more. I could pick an affluent area so that we were forced to skip over the boring attempt at finding petty criminals and maybe try to generate enough attention in us to bring other patrolling heroes to us - something which I was going to be much more interested in myself.

"I'll leave it up to you." Taylor hands over blanket permission to do whatever I like without even blinking. She knew exactly what the plan was going to look like by doing that, and we both knew it. "I'll go along with whatever you want to do." She held her hand out again. "Speed?"

"I've got it." I wag my finger in the air, Othala already selected now that the previous blessing had expired. "Just can't wait to get away?"

"Don't be like that." She chides me. "You know that isn't true." She waits for a moment as I press down on her hand. I apply the blessing and- "Iloveyou-" She's already gone, a black and yellow blur of motion towards the door and out into the street - the only sign that she was ever here was the mess we'd made of the abandoned office and the fast-fading echo of her voice rushing out a flustered, embarrassed admission without leaving the possibility open for a proper acknowledgement or reply.

I smile to myself as I get dressed again. Everything was... good. The day had ended up going well, despite the minor clash between Taylor and my identity as Greg. Taylor and Shadow Stalker were getting on in their own way, Taylor was happily giving Void Cowboy everything he could possibly ask for, Emma had given up any pretence at not being my personal cumslut and was actively supporting my hopes of doing the same to her friends and Taylor alike. I had a potential lead with the Merchants to follow-up on at some stage.

And now, this weekend, all that was left was to bring this chapter of my Cape journey to a close. Bringing the Winslow adventure as a whole to an end. There was nobody else, I knew. Unless someone had managed to dodge me through blind chance, or was skipping school - I'd at least attempted to fight all of Winslow at this point. I hadn't been actively trying to win - but I had been looking for secret Capes like Taylor and Sophia. And now I knew. There wasn't a single other Cape. The only reason to stay at Winslow, was purely to keep up appearances. The only people of note were Sophia, Taylor and the other members of the trio because of their closeness to the other two. When I was done with them, and this coming sleepover was my best chance to do it, there would be absolutely nothing to progress at school. The majority of the day, wasted.

Time for change. I'd stagnated a bit too long, mostly off the back of the difficulty in finding targets that generally didn't want to be found or easily tracked in a city this size. It didn't really matter what I did. A serious fight with the gangs to lure out Capes in successive battles was on the cards. A transfer to Arcadia, where the Wards were ripe for the taking. Express an interest in joining the Wards or Protectorate, just to use the guided tour as an all-I-can-eat buffet of powers? I had options, although, none without risk. Arcadia would be the most consistent, but the hardest to actually pull off. The gangs would be the most risky, but easy to do and not likely to put me on anyone's radar for suspicious activity. I needed to think about it. None of the options were amazing.

Better than doing nothing though. Better than knowingly wasting my time and potential. It would be better to be a vagrant runaway than that, if only for the ease of answering opportunities it would give me.

But that all required handling the obstacles that remained in my path at Winslow. There was no sense complaining that I wasn't getting opportunities to grow stronger when I was still legitimately losing to two challenges with power rewards attached every day. One big push. That was what I needed.

Taylor wouldn't be able to see the results of her wish this time around, but that didn't change my plans. I was going to make Sophia my mewling bitch this weekend. That went for both challenge-Sophia and the real deal. I'd already handled Emma. Madison would be trivial, I hadn't even bothered attempting her challenge for a long time - but I could handle sneak attacks and force of numbers by now. I'd bring this whole, petty bullying saga to an end in the span of just a few days.

That was a promise.

AN: All 32K words of the next chapter are up on my Patreon if you're interested. If not, that chapter will be coming here as soon as I finish the chapter after it.

And I totally lied about doing the challenge sheet update last time. I never did it. I'll do it... at some point. At least it hasn't gotten any more out-of-date this chapter.
Last edited: May 26, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Toddball and 717 others
Tamzar
Oct 15, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Nineteen
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Dec 22, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,665
If there was one benefit to the complete transformation that my power had done on Alice and Clara, aside from the obvious, it was that there was no longer a leash around my neck when I wanted to go out. Not that I had generally wanted to go out much before, but now I had the option without either of the two breathing down my neck just waiting to start screeching - and even better than that, they were actually supportive of helping me when I needed it.

Emma's house is way over on the other side of the town and the bus routes there all suck? I don't even get a blink of hesitation when I ask if I can be dropped off, even with the last-minute revelation that I was intending to sleepover at a friend's house. Clara had made a quip about being surprised I actually had any friends, but the light-hearted jab was far from the measured cruelty of years gone by. No questions asked. No demands were made about my behaviour, or what time I needed to be back by. No barbed insults, no going behind my back to badmouth me to Emma and her parents - a testament to just how thorough my power had been on the pair. A drastic effect that I hoped to replicate on the more... difficult villains of the Bay. I'd need a little bit more than a crush and an airbrush for a hardened, unrepentant Nazi to become tolerable, but I couldn't say my power had let me down yet so long as I went through enough challenges.

Not that Nazis were any of my concern now. Sophia and her two hangers-on were the sole-focus of this weekend. The latter two would be simple, of course, the only reason they weren't already done was to keep the transition nice and natural in case my power messed something up and Sophia noticed something was off.

Emma beams at me as she opens the door. "Greg! Glad you could make it, come inside - Madison's running late, but Sophia is already here." She peers past me. "Or... that might be her being dropped off now." I glance behind me at the car pulling into the driveway. "Well, she knows the way. Follow me!" She leaves the door ajar as she gestures into the house.

I follow her lead, leaving my shoes in the pile to the side of the door and following the redhead through the house before she practically throws herself into a sofa in front of a TV. I wave at the other occupant of the room as I look around for a spare place to sit. "Yo."

Sophia grunts her acknowledgement at me.

"Don't let her attitude put you off." Emma shifts into a more comfortable position. "I asked her about having you maybe tag along with us and she was perfectly happy about the idea. She's just being moody and anti-social, so don't mind her."

"I know what she's like, don't worry." I shake my head. "Too proud to admit that she can't go another day without my handsome good looks, witty humour and dashing personality." I wait for Sophia's expression to twist into annoyed, concentrated derision before mumbling the next word. "Challenge."

I whistle to myself as I set out to our usual meeting spot in the simulation.

"You're in a good mood." Sophia doesn't waste any time greeting me. "Is this the start of your big streak of painful and humiliating losses, then?" Sophia calls out to me.

"Indeed it is." I spread my hands wide. "A few challenges every hour, with full access to you on cooldown. I think I might set a record for the number of attempts I have with my power in one day."

"Assuming that you don't get tired of ending up in the dirt every few minutes." Sophia agrees passively.

Actually a legitimate concern, but one that might be mitigated here. The last time I'd run around challenging as many people as possible had been at the staging area against the Simurgh. I'd ended up with a killer headache and a body that had felt somewhat drained of energy. I suspected that was an inbuilt limit against overusing my power too much - the equivalent of a Thinker headache, forcing me to slam the brakes on rather than continue forever. But specifics were key. What was taxing my power so much? Was it the toll that they were taking on my psyche, with the sheer number of violent deaths? Was it the multitude of complex powers and simulations it was generating? Did it matter how much I was injured during a challenge? Was it better if I spaced out the challenges over time, rather than blasting out a bunch in a timeframe of just a few minutes?

Or, to put it another way - between getting physically and mentally destroyed by multiple different Capes over a few dozen challenges in just under half-an-hour, and recreating the same, low-stakes, low-injuries fistfight a few times an hour over the course of two or three days - was the latter going to have the same impact on my mind and body as the former? I suspected not. If my power had wanted to artificially gate me, it already had a tool it used to do it - the cooldowns per-target were already there. If I stuck to those, and didn't spread my attention around to dozens of others at the same time, I was pretty confident that I would be fine.

"I don't see that happening." I tell her. "Did I ever tell you about how our first fight yesterday went between you and I? In real life? I should tell you-"

I suppress a grin at the twitch on her face and her immediate approach towards me. "Not listening to your blabbering. Go and tell someone who actually cares."

"I was just about to, because you seemed pretty bothered about the fact that a stronger version of you lost under the same circumstances-" I break off for a moment to duck away, catching an outstretched arm that disappears into smoke before I can even start to counter.

"That has nothing to do with your own skill and everything to do with catching me by surprise. So you blew everything in your bag of tricks and came out slightly ahead in two completely meaningless battles - so what?" She crosses her arms. "You blew it. Any serious fight from now on, you'll lose just as hard as you do in here."

"Not by much then." I conclude. "Even though we both know I'm getting better and better, I'll take that as a compliment. And a concession. I'm the one getting more and powers over time, after all. If you really don't think your more experienced self can handle little-old me any better than you can right now, then it seems like you've already given up."

"Don't put my words in my mouth." She scowls at me.

"Don't worry. I'm working towards putting something else in your mouth inste- blech!" I make a face as she flings a handful of dust and soot at me. I'd blocked, expecting an awkward punch instead - and hadn't quite realised that the dusty cloud that had been carried inside her fist was a separate attack until it had been released through my arm, and appeared inches from my taunting mouth. "Pteh. Ptuh. Really? I thought we said no projectiles?"

"Did we?" Sophia shrugs. "And that isn't a projectile."

"My ass it isn't." I complain. I eye up my arm. "Do I have dust in my blood now? Am I going to keel over in agony in a few seconds?"

"Sadly not." She replies shortly. After a moment of silence and staring at my doubt-filled expression, she continues. "It needs to be more of a single object to focus on to release it at the right timing, and it would need a certain amount of consistency to not just reform outside your skin where it was easiest. If I took my time and pushed it into you personally, maybe."

I put my hands in the air. "You know what, pause. Put the banter on hold for a minute, because I'm actually kind of interested. What actually are the limits on just phasing stuff into people like that? Because you know, the way you said that - it almost sounds like you can't just instantly kill a guy by putting a phased pebble or crossbow bolt directly into their brain from twenty paces and that means that I've probably lost a whole bunch of credibility in powerscaling debates. And you drop like, two tiers as well."

"...tiers?" She just looks confused.

"Yeah, the Brockton Bay power rankings." I nod knowledgeably. "We figured that you've managed to make bolts appear in the middle of things before, so there's no reason that you can't one-shot most of the Brutes in the Bay from an ambush position. If you can't do that then you're only really above the non-fighters in D-tier. Skidmark kind of level."

"Skidmark." She echoes that last sentence dumbly.

"Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't take that too personally - I actually think that Skidmark is kind of underrated in a bloodlusted kind of scenario. I mean, I might get to experience that one day soon and find out - but have you seen the railgun speculation threads? We know that he can stack them a bit, but is there an actual limit on that or not? It's kind of hard to set-up, sure - but I think a sensible, non-druggie Skidmark can make a case for low B-tier. if his power works the way we think it might."

"Skidmark." She repeats, woodenly.

I raise my hands in the air. "Sure, it sounds low but there was a lot riding on that ranged insta-kill that we were assuming you had."

"Have." Sophia corrects instantly. "You know that this is a real weapon, right? I know that sounds like fucking magic to most of the Capes in the Bay, but this will really kill a person. Phasing or not."

"Yeah, well. Anyone can have one of those." I dismiss. "No offense or anything, but it's just a worse version of a gun if you treat it like that. It's the bolt interacting with your power that was interesting. All those forcefields, the brutes, Hookwolf, power armour - we just kind of assumed you would just shoot through it and win. If you can't do that... it's tough, what can I say? Versus debates aren't kind to people lacking in offensive powers."

"It isn't impossible, if the target was big enough and the timing was good-" Sophia shakes her head. "But it's stupid in a typical fight that isn't a planned ambush. I need to commit to the timing in advance, and being off by milliseconds would have the bolt go through entirely, or the actual dangerous part of it would phase in on the other side - and the way that things around the bolt react when it starts to reform is inconsistent and unreliable. Reforming in the brain would definitely do a massive amount of damage, but a tiny bit of mistiming would make it more likely that it would carry its momentum and find that its easier to reform outside the skull and scalp them on the way past than to push brain matter each and every way to make an bolt shaped hole. It would do that if I was holding it and released it, because that gives me more control - but my control ends the moment it stops touching me. Unless the guy is staying still, it would take a miracle to be useful. It's much more reliable to just phase it in two inches from their face. Unless its Hookwolf or someone, I guess."

"D-tier then. That's so sad." I give her a pitying look.

She flips me off. "Fuck you. I never said I agreed with any of your bullshit reasoning. Did you miss the part where I said I could literally just push the arrow into them? There are like, three, four Capes in the Bay that I'd concede would be tough for me. Everyone else either dies to a crossbow bolt, gets destroyed in a straight-up fight or can't keep themselves protected from one of those two options forever and can't find me until I ambush them. How is that D-tier? D-tier is bad, right?"

"Well-" I deflect. "Anyway-"

"Yeah, I thought so. I can't believe you're sitting there, face dented inwards because of the beatings I give you three times a day - genuinely saying that you think I'm one of the weakest Capes in the Bay." I'm really getting to her. I think I'll bring up the powerscaling forums to the real Sophia at some point, when the cat is out of the bag. I get the feeling it would be funny to watch her devolve into a seething forum dweller eating every bait post from every troll account on the platform to try and defend her ego.

I shrug. "Well, I'm already accounted for in that. If I'm not using powers I'm just a regular guy that's almost matching you in a fair fight. E-tier. Baseline human. As low as it goes unless you're a literal child or your powers hurt you more than help."

"So Vista is below that? F-tier?" Sophia probes, the note of suspicion in her voice informing me that she was already suspecting that the answer wasn't one that she was going to like.

"I think this topic has kind of overstayed its welcome." I spread my hands. "Why don't we return to the logistics of how you would use your power in a fight against, say, Hookwolf. Or Glory Girl. I say that, because that's super relevant for me once I get an upgrade to your power and being able to one-shot through shields sounds good but my current version doesn't do that at all. I've tried."

"Stop deflecting." She narrows her eyes at me. "E? D?"

"Like I said, not important. Let's move on." I encourage.

"Fine. Just tell me that she isn't above me, and I'll drop it." Sophia promises.

My wince betrays the news before I even make the decision to lie.

"Fuck off. There's no way." She paces to the side, hands clutched to her forehead. "We're talking about the same girl, right? The pipsqueak? Would probably lose a fight to a particularly enthusiastic puppy? You said that the ability to run away doesn't count, yet you're valuing a bit of utility over this?" She pulls her crossbow out, waves it in the air for show. One bolt twirls between her fingers before it turns to wispy smoke with the rest of her hand - reforming halfway into the wall and instantly generating a spiderweb of cracks into the building wall around it, the bolt snapping at the stress of the action but remaining lodged firmly inside.

"There's a lot of different criteria that powerscalers make judgements from." I defend my old hobby. "If you only compare one aspect or use of someone's powers, there's not much discussion to be had. It's about the situations that they'd be used in, how they stack up against certain opponents..."

Shadow Stalker scoffs. "So a bunch of basement-dwelling nerds, all got together and decided that they know how Cape fights work better than anyone else. Is that right? A bunch of armchair warriors screaming themselves hoarse at each other over which laser is larger than the other. And these drooling morons are the people you're using to decide how strong a Cape is? Over your personal experience of having your ass handed to you literally every day for weeks on end?"

"That's-" I mull it over. "-pretty accurate, I guess. It's not really that big of a deal, but there's a certain amount of street rep at stake."

"That's retarded." She tells me. "You're retarded. Are you even listening to yourself? They put her above me, that should tell you everything there is to know about them. No credibility. No common sense. No girlfriends. No social life. Wasting their entire lives arguing on an internet forum over some useless crap that literally nobody relevant will ever care about." I raise my hand. I care. "Like I said, nobody relevant." She shoots my objection down before I can even voice it.

I make a face at her. "I mean, that's fair." I concede. "Pretty accurate. Maybe got a bit too personal at the end there, but I can't say that you're wrong either. Apart from calling me irrelevant. That's just like punching yourself in the face, I'll remember those words when you're crying about losing this time tomorrow."

"I'm done with this ridiculous conversation." Sophia states bluntly.

"Fine, fine. Onto other things. You mentioned that you could force it in personally if you were at close range, what's the interaction with the manton limit like?" I mime a grabbing gesture. "I mean, I'm guessing if you could just rip out my heart you would have done it already so that's a bust - but can you only release the object separately if you're no longer connected? If you had a sword or a pole, or something, a spear. Could you turn that into smoke, poke them with it and hold onto it to guarantee that it doesn't go off-course, or does the Manton limit apply if you are still touching it - even at a distance? What if you tied a rope to your crossbow bolt, shot it directly through someone and then phased the entire thing back in with the rope still inside them?"

"Why would I answer any of these questions?" She scowls at me. "Do you think I'm your friend or something? It would be strictly beneficial to completely lie to you about everything."

Most of my other challenges don't talk to me, and I don't know what makes you different. Is it the nature of the challenge? Is it something to do with my power? Hers? The scenario? Was it the lack of direct opposition to me? Or the fact that talking lowered my chances of winning due to the time limit, so it was a sensible move for the simulation to allow? Was Sophia just more in-sync with her power, and that worked both ways? What even was this Sophia simulation, not as a person - but in the nitty-gritty details. Was she purely a product of my power? Of hers? Or a mix of the two? And why did it all work this way? Aside from that Cauldron agent, she was probably the closest answer to those that I had - regardless of her clamming up whenever it felt like I was making a breakthrough in the mechanics of how the simulation worked.

I continue the conversation as if there weren't a million questions racing through my head. "Nothing wrong with a bit of curiosity. My version of your power is pretty different in a few ways, so it's worth a discussion to see how it might evolve."

"Yeah? Sorry, you got the crippled version. Better luck next time." She mocks me.

I make a negative noise. "Not crippled, just different. It was the same with Taylor, not as strong... but it trumps hers in other ways. You know I've got a set time to reform, while you can hold it as long as you can hold your breath?"
Sophia doesn't confirm or deny anything. A hint of wariness entering her eyes. There went my hopes of getting that last bit of speculation confirmed.

I take the silence as permission to continue. "So it kicks me out of the state after that one second has passed, and if there's something in the way - it just shoves us both to the side until it finds a nice place for us all to appear. If I try to phase back into a swarm of bugs, the bugs get buffeted aside and I get the faint sensation that I got slapped by a toddler all over my body. I phase into a wall, I get shoved out on the closest side of it and maybe get a small bruise if it was particularly bad - that happens pretty much instantly. But you-" I raise one finger. "You don't get to do that. You can hold it as long as you like, even select parts of your body or items to phase in or out if you're good enough - but you don't get to be ejected out to safety like I do. You've got to reform yourself together."

Taylor's fight against Sophia had bugged me, and by her eerily blank reaction now, I was confident that I was correct as to why that was. Sophia had been too slow. Too sluggish at reforming and punishing overextension in the way I would have expected her to do. I'd chalked it down to her holding back at first, but did that really sound like the girl I knew? No.

"If you were to do the same, try to appear directly inside a swarm like in my example, you'd have to fight them aside with your smoke. You'd have to shove them out of the way, jostle for the right kind of position to bring yourself back into the physical world. And if you can't do that, or you force the issue like my power does - then it hurts you like hell in a way that my version doesn't. That's why aerosols are so effective, you can't just shove them away as you reform - they're stuck in the air you're moving around with your own movements. You turn the aerosol itself into your flesh and blood, and your body screams in protest at something your power wasn't supposed to do." I make a circle with my fingers in the air. "But it goes further than that. In the second example, if you were to stop, halfway into a wall - I suppose you would desperately struggle with that. You can't apply your own momentum without reforming part of your body into a solid object. I can only assume that your power would eventually do the same thing mine does once you become unable to maintain it, but I'd wager it's a lot less forgiving about it."

"Blind guessing." Sophia scoffs.

"If that makes you feel better." She probably would feel better about that, rather than my explanation coming from a four-month old comment on a fight between the Wards and Stormtiger - where the user had spent five paragraphs detailing his theory on why it took so long for Shadow Stalker to return to the fray once knocked into a collapsed nearby building and why she had decided to just take an indirect hit twice rather than get knocked away again. He'd been banned afterwards for his speculation about Shadow Stalker's grizzly demise in a made-up scenario where Stormtiger had directed a wind-blast down into the earth, and Shadow Stalker had decided to phase through it like she does walls and rooftops. The mods had apparently taken offense to suggesting that her momentum as a cloud would make her continue deeper until she reached magma and got cooked alive, unable to ever reform when surrounded on all sides by solid rock.

He'd been called a moron, naturally, because Shadow Stalker didn't fall through the floor or walls unless she wanted to, so she wouldn't choose to get hurled into the earth's core either. Momentum had nothing to do with it, because she jumped off buildings to the ground just fine. But the idea about getting stuck still stood unchallenged, because every video of Shadow Stalker in action showed her in constant motion. Nobody knew what would happen if she stood still, and the space around her became too occupied to fit her body into safely. The question about what would happen if she dove full speed into a wall that simply didn't have a room on the other side went unanswered. The PRT must know, of course. Power testing was, by all accounts, very thorough about such things - but that information wasn't for the likes of us mere mortal forum dwellers.

But I wasn't just a professional shitposter anymore. This kind of information was important to me. Both for the purpose of beating Shadow Stalker, and also in taking advantage of her power better as I made it my own.

"We're done here." She lunges forward. I mirror her actions. Apparently, she didn't like the direction this conversation went in. That was always a risk, but the thing about Sophia was that everything pissed her off, so anything I did was really just a temporary blip on her default mental state and she'd be back to normal in a challenge or two. She opts to dash directly into me, then right through me - the tell-tale shift of her shadowy clouds reforming towards her chosen spot letting me send a blind, optimistic elbow over my shoulder. It falls short, but buys me enough time to turn and-
Pain.

"Ch-ch-ch-" I stutter, practically going cross-eyed at the shaft sticking out of my forehead - barely visible at the top edge of my vision. "-ch-ch-ch-" My legs give out under me as I lose my balance. "-ch-ch-ch-"

"If you're trying to call me a cheater, grow up. Life's not fair." Sophia makes a great show of inspecting her nails. She has gloves on, so it's all just a show to put on an uncaring air of disinterest. "Call it a bit of payback for being so rude to someone that's already helped you so much towards becoming nearly competent in a fight. Vista. Really? That little trick took me half-a-second. I can do it whenever I want."

"-ch-ch-" I try again. Speech simply failing to form coherent words.

She makes a noise of disgust. "Damn, that's almost as annoying as hearing you talk normally. Here I thought it was going to be an improvement." She places one finger on the top of the shaft, my body helpless to respond - a small mercy being that my body was really underestimating the damage here. The level of pain did not at all reflect the amount of damage that I had taken here. Her hand, and the shaft touching it, turn to smoke and press deeper into my head.

I collapse completely as she releases the effect, the distant-yet-all-too-close sound of something splintering and cracking, alongside a desperate scream draws my attention - but I can't stir myself to do anything about it. My body doesn't respond. She says something, but I can't make any sense of it at all anymore.

When the sweet release of death comes, I welcome it with open arms.

FAILURE​

Clarity returns. Brain damage resolved in a single instant. That bitch. We had an agreement!

Well. Fine. It wasn't like she hadn't broken the agreement before when I annoyed her too much. I'd been shot and executed a fair number of times now, it was just that this time she'd broken the rule in the middle of a scrap rather than opting to unceremoniously kill me from a distance. Maybe there wasn't any real difference between the two in practice, but this felt worse in some petty way that I could never explain to Sophia. Because if I said something like 'gentleman's agreement' or 'honour' she would wet herself in absolute hysterics at the fact that I could say that with a straight face and then do it to me again for fun.

I straighten my expression as I return to the real world, it wouldn't do to be caught glaring at Sophia, or matching the slack-jawed expression I probably had at the end of my fight just now.

An instant passes in real life, and nobody seems to notice the slightly glazed look in my eye as I blink back to reality.

Sophia starts to respond, oblivious to my efforts to remember where the conversation left off. "Funny how we were enjoying ourselves perfectly fine before you came along. Too oblivious to realise when an invitation was out of politeness only? I would have thought even you would have the social awareness to realise that you weren't actually wanted, but I see I had my expectations too high." Ah, abuse. Should have guessed.

"Emma owed me one, the way I see it - I'm enjoying a pleasant weekend with her and you two are the unwanted extras." I jab a finger at Sophia and at Madison as she steps through the doorway.

"Better not be calling me an extra. I brought all the snacks with me." Madison counters evenly.

"Just the one extra then." I concede. Madison nods with approval.

Sophia lets out a groan of disgust. "I can't believe you girls. Who even starts to consider the idea of bringing a guy to the girl's weekend? You're going to take him shopping with you? Get his opinion on dresses? Go and see some stupid, romantic movie and drag him along the entire way?"

"No weirder than dragging along you." Emma quips. Sophia gives her a level look in response, not rising to the bait.

"I don't know, I think it will be nice. Gives us more options, and it will make the shopping trip better too. It would be super useful." Madison flops onto the nearest sofa to claim it as her own. "Getting a guy's opinion, I mean. The whole point is to get something that looks good, we can judge each outfit by the amount of drool leaking out of his mouth when we show them off."

"Counterpoint: Why would we want to show anything off to him, of all people?" Sophia argues.

"I'm right here you know." I complain half-heartedly.

"And?" Sophia looks at me blankly, as if to ask if I even had a point. I flip her off when the other two look away.

The other two just ignore my statement. "Why not him? Sure, he's not like, an absolute ten-" That reminds me, I need to knock out Madison's challenges at some stage. "-but he's at least decent enough to sit next to us and not drag us down in public."

"And he doesn't have any other friends to run off to behind our back." Emma's voice is saccharine, but the delight in her voice at the statement comes from a place of pure, unabashed malice. She was obviously still riding the high of Taylor's argument with me. "Which means we don't have to worry about him spilling the conversation topic of the day outside of our group, or worry about any risque pictures of our summer outfits being leaked."

"There's no risk of that because it won't happen in the first place." Sophia denies flatly.

"It's definitely happening." Emma confirms with a cheer and a blatant wink at me.

Madison bites her lip. "We'll... see how it goes." Sophia shoots her a betrayed look. "What? The entire point of having a cute outfit is to look good in front of guys, just because you're too shy to get an opinion straight from the source-"

"Shy?" Sophia splutters. "Me?"

"You." Madison affirms. "That makes the most sense, doesn't it? It's not like you can even say you never wanted Greg around in the first place, wasn't it your idea to go and offer him some better company than Taylor in the first place? This is just an extension of that, really."

"There's a difference between showing a bit of pity to a guy with no sense of which way the wind is blowing, and inviting him to the sleepover. The girl's sleepover, might I add." Sophia grouses. "You're being deliberately obtuse if you can't recognise that."

"Relax." Emma rolls her eyes. "What do you think he's even going to do that's got you worked up about the idea? If you think he's perving on you, I'm not going to start screaming if you plant him in the dirt."

"When." She corrects, then shakes her head. "And I don't disagree with you. You won't scream and cry about it. But he might." Sophia counters.

"Firstly, I'd like to stand up for the wild-" And completely accurate. "-and insulting assumption that I'm going to act like some kind of pervert just because I'm alone in a room with three pretty girls. Rest assured that you won't be getting any unwanted attention from me." I pause, eyebrows momentarily wiggling. "I mean, if the attention is wanted, on the other hand-"

"Keep a leash on your boy-toy Emma." Sophia groans. "I knew it. What else would a guy be thinking of at a time like this? He just wants to fuck all of us. Totally going to kill the mood."

"As if there's a single straight guy in the school that doesn't wish the same. At least he's man enough to admit it to our faces." Emma gives her friends a self-assured smirk. "So it's no different from hanging around any other guy, really. Right, Madison?"

"It's a fair point." Madison allows. "He can think whatever he wants. As long as he knows what lines he can't cross, what's the harm?" Her calculating gaze slides from me, to Emma. "I can't say I'm surprised at his attitude, but I'm surprised to hear you not making any objections yourself Emma. Weren't you two... together?"

"Call it a friends-with-benefits kind of thing." I wave her off. Despite using her as an excuse to not unmask to Taylor, Emma was certainly not occupying the spot of my one-and-only partner. And with her challenges maxed out, she wasn't even bothered by that fact. Or, maybe the challenges didn't have much to do with it - she had a fair few issues even before I did anything, she might have had a similar kind of attitude even without my power greasing the wheels for my benefit. "I don't tie her down, she doesn't tie me down."

"It's nothing official." Emma agrees, underselling the strength of our relationship with an easy lie. "So don't worry about treading on my toes if you want to take him for a ride." Neither of the other two girls notice the intense look in her eyes despite the casual tone.

"Please don't even imply that either of us would be interested." Sophia snorts. "I think you'll find that the two of us haven't taken leave of our senses quite yet. Did you forget what a loser he was until we rescued him from Taylor?"

"I wouldn't say that. You can't say that we really did much of anything to him apart from separate him from the leech-" It really was impressive how Emma managed to maintain her enthusiasm for hating on Taylor regardless of the situation. It was like being an outside observer watching myself hate on Velocity, not understanding the reasoning but respecting the energy and consistency nonetheless. "-and since then, he's thrived. Look at him! We weren't seeing him at his full potential before. I'd expect you, Sophia, of all people, to understand that."

"Incredible." Sophia drawls. "Random nerd takes one tiny step to fix his miserable life. At his current rate, he'll be a respectable member of society by the time he's thirty. I can barely stop my legs from spreading on their own."

I nod. "I am known to have that effect on people." She shoots me a withering look. I grin back unrepentantly.

"No need to exaggerate, Sophia. I think he's doing fine for himself. He's kind of cute in his own way." Madison opts to defend me. "I'm not saying I'm going to jump him the moment you turn your back, but you've got to admit that you could do a lot worse in Winslow than him."

"Citation needed." Sophia quips shortly.

"I can't help but feel like you're objecting to this a bit too much." Madison retorts. "Anyone would think that we were trying to marry you off, the way you're taking this so personally. So the guy you thought was a dweeb got laid one time and decided he likes it, and now he's a playboy - is that really such a surprise? Half the school would do the same if they could."

"Don't rush to point it out, Madison. It's rude to point out that she's overcompensating." Emma smiles, Sophia giving her a narrow look in response.

Challenge-Sophia would have a crossbow in her hand by now, or at least be throwing punches. Was this proof of the character development she'd had since that snapshot? As it is, her head snaps around to glare at Emma in challenge. "And what is that supposed to mean?"

"It's obvious, isn't it?" Emma practically radiates smugness. "Your only experience with boys is beating up gang members and glaring at them in corridors, compared to someone like me - whom, out of the three of us, is quite clearly the expert - it's clear that you're coming up short." Emma's smile widens. "I understand that it's embarrassing to feel left behind and realise that you're the bumbling novice when it comes to romance, but you don't need to come up with a justification to us. It's perfectly fine to be single and unattached! We wouldn't judge you for that. So you don't need to be so vocal about how your standards are too high for you to hook up with anyone to hide the fact that you're embarrassed and maybe a little bit jealous- oof!" Her shit-eating grin is wiped away by a red missile soaring across the room at her head.

Sophia shakes her head, arm still extended where she had thrown the highly accurate cushion at the redhead. "You are so lucky that we're friends. I'm not even going to pretend to understand what delusions you have running through your head - but I can assure you that they're completely wrong. I've got far more interesting problems in my life than... boys." She shifts her gaze to Madison, who has an amused smirk on her face. "Something to say?"

"Who, me?" She blinks with an exaggerated expression of innocence. "I wouldn't dream of it. Emma is definitely out of line." She waits until a slightly mollified Sophia grabs another cushion and slots it back in position under her head. "I mean, sullying your delicate, innocent ears with all of this scandalous talk about the opposite gender-" Madison manages to duck the second cushion, but not the third. She grabs both of them and shoves them underneath her body, establishing something of a cushion-fortress on her side of the room.

"You're both making us look like clowns." The Ward glares at them, then jabs a finger at me. "Did you forget that he's standing right there, listening to every word you've been saying?"

"I don't think I said anything I'd be embarrassed to let him overhear. What about you, Emma?" Madison flutters at the model.

"Same here, Mads." Emma nods wisely.

"Fuck you both." Sophia grouses, turning to glare at me instead. "Fuck you too."

I mock an offended expression. "What did I do?"

"You know what you did." She refuses to elaborate.

I suspect she's blaming me for the apparent treachery of her friends. Nonsense. Anyone could see from a mile-off that Sophia wasn't the socialite that the other two were, without the implicit threat of violence and intimidation that most people were worried about - these two were free to run rings around her when teasing their friend in private.

No, what she was really mad at me for, was me being here to witness it happen.

Tough. Seeing Sophia off-balance and out of her element was kind of cute. Not a word I often associated with her, but there it was.

I don an unapologetic smile. "I'm afraid I can't do much about the other two realising how awesome I am-" The snort this time doesn't just come from Sophia. I send a suspicious look to the other half of the room before continuing. "-but I'd rather not bring down the mood by having you stay mad at me all weekend. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

Sophia looks torn between saying something rude and having to face the realisation that we could easily spend the entire weekend sniping at each other if we started holding grudges. "Just pick a decent movie." She grumbles. "You can't do much worse than these two."

"Is that what we're doing? I didn't really get told the schedule, if I'd known I could have grabbed something before I left." I sigh mournfully.

"Watch a movie. Eat all of the food. Play a few games. Sleep. Get dragged around the mall by Madison and Emma for a few hours. Mess around the house. Either go home or sleep again and leave in the morning." Sophia lists it out dully. "Julia usually acts as a tiebreaker for us because we can't agree, so you'll have to take her place."

"Sounds reasonable enough." And full of opportunities for me to stick close to Sophia all day. I refocus my options to the last line. Best keep my apparent attention on the task at hand. "What are the options here?"

She points at Emma. "Shitty romance movie." Madison. "Shitty horror movie." At herself. "Decent action movie."

"Sophia freaks out when she watches horror movies. It will be really funny, trust me." Madison pipes up. "I've already got the perfect one picked out!"

"I do not freak out." Sophia hisses.

"She jumps so badly she practically touches the ceiling." Emma agrees with Madison.

Sophia whirls on her. "What are you even talking about? That isn't even close to true." She shakes her head. "You're both just ganging up on me to try to make yourselves look better."

"Only because you're in denial about it." Emma smirks. "I'll happily admit that I can scream a little when a movie catches me off guard, but you're so focused on appearing aloof and unbothered that it's just kind of funny to point out that you get a little jumpy as well - or that you need to leave the room whenever something sappy starts to happen on the screen."

"I'm allergic to cringe." Sophia sniffs. "And it's not like I would ever miss anything important happening anyway. Everything you watch is as predictable as-"

"Ladies, ladies." I try to calm down the brewing argument. "No need to argue over a little bit of evening entertainment, I'm here to take all the blame for the terrible movie we're about to watch because I'm breaking the tie." I slam my arm down to point at Sophia. "Generic, shitty action movie it is!" Yes, I'm shameless. A sellout. The lowest of the low.

"That's bullshit, if getting you on my side was that easy I'd have tried being a moody, grumpy bitch too." Madison gripes. Sophia can't quite stop the smirk from appearing on her face at the words. "Who knew being this cute had so many downsides?"

"I'm changing my vote to whatever Madison wanted." Emma pipes up. "Looks like it's a tie again. Shame."

"We could arm-wrestle for it if you want." Sophia hums with restrained amusement. "But anything other than that, you'll have to physically rip me away from the screen to put your crap on."

"We'll just watch both. That's sensible, right - Greg?" Emma and Madison nod in sync. I can't help but nod alongside them.

Sophia gives me a betrayed look, but there's a certain lack of heat to it compared to normal. "Whatever. I don't even care anyway."

But I do, Sophia. Because this pretty much guarantees that you'll be in my direct line of sight for the next few hours.Two minutes until your cooldown timer is up, I can fit at least fourteen more attempts in within the runtime of this flick alone.

Sophia takes a few minutes to start the first movie, making a point to double-down on the snacks closest to Madison every time she stepped past her. The movie isn't bad, despite Emma's initial griping. A shameless run-and-gun movie following a retired soldier who finds out that his child has been kidnapped by Nilbog and his army, and spends the next two hours of runtime on a furious, gory pursuit across America to get her back. Generic and cliche, but admittedly entertaining.

Even if my enjoyment was slightly interrupted by the periodic need to get beaten up by Sophia on-cooldown. It was pretty fortunate that the plot wasn't at all complicated to follow, because the disorientation that comes from ten minutes of solid, unarmed combat only gets worse when there isn't a real person on the other end who can adjust to my initial confusion when trying to remember what was said last.

Challenge. Challenge. Challenge again. It was impossible to hear my occasional, breathy whispers over the sounds of the movie, and nobody would have given me any more than a funny look even if they had picked up on the word.

Even when Emma repositions herself to sit next to me, angling herself just perfectly enough to press her breasts into my side without drawing Sophia's ire - nothing can distract me from my mission. Challenge. Challenge. By the time the movie ends, I've spent more time brawling with Sophia than watching the screen.

Madison is swift to replace the movie with her own, sweeping away the snacks of the night and demanding that we all sit together at the centre of the room with the lights off.

Incidentally, that's how I find out that my power gives me... not night vision, but night...identification. The challenge boxes don't care that I can barely make out each girl's silhouette half the time, happily indicating their approximate location and their name the moment my vision passes over them. Something that could be useful in the future, maybe.

Emma sits on my left. Madison on my right. Sophia loudly rejects the idea of 'needing to cling to each other for comfort' and steals the beanbag in front of us instead. Probably for the best, because if Sophia could see Madison and Emma pressing into me so blatantly after the first scare she'd probably go and look for her crossbow.

It takes about five minutes of Emma not-so-subtly groping my crotch for me to give in. We couldn't just... start going at it, of course. Sophia might actually castrate me. Madison would... well. It was hard to be sure, really. I was quite confident that she was at a level where I could make moves on her alone, but was she the kind of girl to not raise an eyebrow at some heavy-petting going on right next to her? Or, dare I say, the kind that might be inclined to join in? I didn't know, and I'd initially gone into my plans for this weekend thinking that I'd finish off her challenges further into my stay - just to keep the rate of progression natural and ensure that Sophia wasn't the odd one out for not wanting to jump my bones.

As they say. No plan survives contact with the enemy. In my defence, I was pretty sure that Madison knew what she was doing. She wasn't oblivious to her body, she knew what her 'innocent' position was likely doing to a guy like me. I don't doubt that in her head, she had everything under control. Drive the guy wild, lead him on a bit, indulge at her own leisure and then drift away just as easily as she arrived. Allowing herself to indulge in a minor curiosity, but not to get bogged down in anything complicated. Not to give up anything too serious. Not to compromise her own position or social status among the group of us. To stay firmly in control at all times. A continuation of one of my first real conversations with her, the image of a girl with her entire life planned out ahead of her - a cozy plan to leech off of her target for an easy retirement, where romance and genuine feelings were an afterthought to her own comfort and goals.

Because I'm pretty sure that's what I was to her right now. A fun distraction. Something interesting to do, and then move on from. In the same way that a ski resort was a nice place to visit, but not live in. Because that was where my challenges had left her before, and I hadn't done anything to change that except reveal my relationship with Emma. My powers had directed her interest and attention towards me, but not re-adjusted her world-view enough yet to actually convert that into something as desperate and lasting as Emma's feelings.

Tough luck, Madison. I have no intention of letting you tease me for two hours straight so you can treat me with the same kind of pity as a particularly interesting toy or some kind of pet. If you insist on getting me all riled up, then you'll have to handle it right here and now. Because you aren't like Sophia, or even Emma. Your challenges are full of normal people. Easy, for my current self.

She pulls my arm tight against her chest, oblivious to my increasingly murderous chain of thought. There was something to be said about the mental head-case that I must look like from outside. Horniness fuels violence, violence fuels horniness - yet there's no sign of me actually fighting someone. I'd probably throw a bunch of Thinkers for a loop just trying to decipher what's going on with me.

I slide my eyes over to Madison, who blinks innocently back at me as our faces are briefly illuminated by the light from the screen. "Challenge." Maybe it was a bit earlier than I had intended, but there was never a chance that I finished this detour without claiming Madison in every way that matters. Even ignoring the opportunity to break her future plans wide open with the realisation that she's a hopeless addict for my cock and the good things that does for my ego, I'd already committed to making the Trio into my personal sluts. The original reason for that, Taylor, might not be appreciating my efforts right now - but that was a temporary thing. And it had a more immediate benefit as well. With both of her best friends on my side, I could control Sophia's movements even if I didn't manage to max her out by the time school comes back around.

I whistle to myself as the waterlogged streets of Brockton Bay appear around my feet. This should be quick. One GANG modifier, as per usual for Madison - this time with an added HUNT modifier. But that didn't matter unless I activated her mob before I managed to reach her.

I pause. Which way was it again? I definitely had the right direction last time, but that was quite a long time ago now. The thing I remembered most... was ignoring the occasional NPCs wandering the streets around me. I'd assumed they were innocent stragglers last time, but now I knew that they were opportunists at best, collaborators with my target at worst. It doesn't take me long to find the approximate site of my previous death.

"Hey!" I saunter over to a familiar face. The generic homeless-looking guy that had shot me the moment I turned my back last time. Merchant. "Got some questions for you." He's just a normal human, not even ready to start a fight with me as I approach - only understanding my violent intentions when my ash clone has already formed and lunged towards him. His frantic punches at the clone dispel it quickly, but the temporary distraction was all I needed. He folds like wet cardboard under my assault, sent sprawling into a nearby puddle with almost comical ease. In fairness, he didn't look in the best of shape. This looked like a textbook post-Leviathan city, so a bit of starvation, disease and a general lack of shelter was probably expected for a while.

Once again, the possibility that this wasn't just a simulation conjured up by mind rears its head. Endbringer's couldn't be predicted. It was pretty much a fact. They no-sold almost every pre-cog power on the planet. But, still. The thought occurs - was there an element of truth in this simulation? Compared to most Endbringer targets, Brockton Bay would be a somewhat strange choice. We weren't a major shipping hub or anything of the sort. Hell, we'd done perfectly fine crippling the city all on our own. The only thing we were well-known for was the abnormal Cape population, but was that really worth a visit from Leviathan?

Not important. Not now, anyway. I had no proof that there was any merit to these challenges genuinely predicting an attack, nor any way to warn people about it without giving away a key aspect of my powers, nor any way to actually do anything about it personally even if it was coming any time soon. I'm not exactly going to make a dent in Leviathan as I am now.

Still. It bugged me. Taylor's simulations showing her as a villain... they'd seemed all too reasonable, in a world where I didn't have these powers. It would be nice if I had access to more future-based challenges to compare against, but when did my power ever like to make things easy for me?

I blink, a dull, distant screaming from below drawing me from my musings.

Right. The guy. I'd been running off of complete auto-pilot for a moment there, but hadn't been any less efficient despite my inattention. Parian's power to draw a thread at knee-level, frozen in place by Clockblocker - and then pressing the man's neck roughly against it as his twisted, purple-tinged limbs hang uselessly by his side. Still, for all of the screaming and crying - he didn't seem to be forthcoming with answers.

Or... did I just not ask him anything yet? That was probably it, judging by the begging noises lacking any trace of defiance.

I'd almost feel bad, if he hadn't shot me last time.

My boot presses against his neck, the slow drips of red as the stretched thread edges into his skin not enough to kill him yet. "Where's Madison?"

"I-" The man whimpers. "I don't- argh- I don't-" I ease up my foot slightly, allowing the man to speak without further slicing his neck open. "I don't know who that is."

"Seriously? It was just opportunism last time? I think that makes it worse than just being on her side." I grumble to myself. "Fine." Without any other clue, I should just eliminate the most likely place for a civilian to be hiding in the aftermath of an Endbringer attack. "Where's the nearest Endbringer shelter?"

"A few blocks that way-" The man can't point, but he does slightly bob his head down the street. "-straight line. Can't miss the signs. Can you- Can you let me go now?"

I smile.

I stomp downwards.

The nice thing about killing people by cutting their necks open is that you can't really hear them screaming after you as you walk away. They just kind of... gurgle at you until they die.

Really. Let him go? After last time? What was he thinking?

Not that he remembered, but I did - and ultimately, I was the only one that really mattered in these simulations.

I pause. Reverse my steps back to the dying man. "Sorry, I remembered you had a gun last time - but a suspicious looking guy like you, you have a knife - surely?" I rifle his pockets as he limply jerks his body against mine. An appeal for help? An attempt to fight back? A dying curse? Who knows. I inspect the brutal-looking Karambit I fish out of his back pocket with approval. Good enough to do the job.

I make a point to not go near the Endbringer shelter directly. Not through the main entrance. Because however much I rated my odds in a fair fight, Madison's challenges were all about numbers. The unwashed masses arrayed against me to defend their queen. And I... had no answer to that. There were plenty of AOE powers within the Bay, I just didn't have any of them. Which meant busting down the front door and fighting through the likely hordes was going to be pretty much impossible.

I needed to win. Quickly. And that meant a neat assassination on my target, but despite popular belief - Endbringer shelters weren't exactly fortresses. Most of the time, they were little more than particularly large underground warehouses with a few gimmicks. Reinforced and protected, yes - but the aim was always to keep citizens out of the way and prevent them from dying to collateral damage and environmental hazards. To stop citizens from clogging up the streets for hours on end in a futile evacuation attempt, and to keep them safe up until the point that an Endbringer decided that they wanted to squash this building in particular.

They certainly weren't designed to protect against human infiltrators. A detour across the rooftops gets me above my target, and then it's time for me start phasing through the ground just above where the tunnels begin. Or, trying, at least. If my power constantly kicks me out on the closest safe side with little more than a light bruise once the timer is up, then attempting to plummet into the ground above the shelter should eventually eject me into a maintenance tunnel or an air vent large enough to hold me - because if it wasn't large enough, I'd appear on the ground above instead.

It takes a half-dozen tries, but eventually, Sophia's power gives out on me and I find myself sprawled across the unforgiving metal of a maintenance catwalk rather than grass and dirt. Bingo. Assuming that Madison is actually in here, of course. Otherwise, I just wasted a lot of time. I scurry along the walkway as quickly and quietly as I can, I could never really be sure how aggressive the GANG modifier was about detecting me. Sometimes, a pindrop from a hundred metres away would draw the entire horde in - others, they would ignore anything that couldn't be decisively identified as me.

This time, there was already a fair amount of hustle and bustle. A few people padding through the tunnels below me, and a wall of inaudible mumblings that can be heard even through the walls intended to act as flood barriers in an emergency. The ones below me were open, but I have to phase through the ones up here. Each successive barrier brings me closer, until I reach the primary shelter room - and get immediately vindicated. The room is packed, and unnaturally centred around the figure at it's centre - elevated slightly onto what I would almost have called a stage. Each of her followers was distracted by their own conversation with those around them, but to my eye - the defensive rings around Madison's expressionless form couldn't be mistaken as a coincidence.

On the plus side, these people were loud. And not looking up. Stuck in their default loop of activity, waiting for me to be spotted by anyone before hunting me down as a unit. A thousand, two thousand. Not even worth guessing at how many people were in here. Packed like sardines. It would be impossible to wade through under normal circumstances.

But I already knew that. The same went for her last challenge as well. The trick wasn't to kill everyone. It was to kill her. The only viable way to do that was from above, but the catwalk didn't go directly over her. Still, I was high enough to not draw attention to myself in the rafters. I could experiment. Vista? Probably too far, nor could I condense the space enough that I could just reach out and stab her from all the way over here. I'd need to be up close and personal. Two jumps with the help of Vista? If I took something off and used it to pin myself into the air with Clockblocker, I'd have two entire jumps to make it to her platform.

I'm a genius. I condense space as far as I can directly in front of me. Pure, open air into as small a space as I can possibly fit. Regardless of how much space I twisted, I could only jump so far. I slip off my jeans, holding them in front of me like an impromptu surfboard - and then a rapid, daring leap sends me into the open air towards Madison. I pass through the shrunken space, the room almost seeming to lurch forward as I do so, and then I freeze the item of clothing in my hands. It stops dead, and my momentum completely stops with it - not gracefully, for an instant, I wonder if I've broken something in the brutal, painful impact - a gash opening up where one fold in my clothes has turned into a time-locked edge capable of cutting flesh, but fortunately, I don't slip - my momentum carrying me far enough into the legs that the rest of my upper body gets stuck before I can slip down into the crowd below.

I don't scream, or cry out. It's a near thing, but I've gotten pretty good at not making noises when the alternative is an agonising death. Focuses the mind.

I wriggle back, pushing myself up and onto the uneven surface I'd created. Now it was a race between my previous use of Vista's power unfolding, and this timelock wearing off. I could reapply the latter, but I could only do it as fast as I could react. The surface might change to something unsuitable in that time, and I had no sense for when exactly it would expire.

Vista's power is the first to unravel. I leap again, not directly horizontally this time - but at more of an angle, using the shrunken space to target my landing spot rather than maximise the distance travelled. I shift into my shadow state to land, Madison finally alerting as the smog-like cloud reaches into her vision - but Madison wasn't a physical threat to me. Sophia would have been able to defend herself from the likely attack, but Madison simply turns around with a hateful expression that fades into a stunned look as my makeshift blade plunges into her stomach. I wrench it out, impaling her neck at the next opportunity. The crowd around us is rippling with rage, a thousand eyes snapping towards me in outrage - but it's too late.

SUCCESS
Reward: Madison Clements +​

I blink back to reality. If all I was looking to do was fuck Madison, I could probably stop here. Hell, I'm pretty sure I didn't even need to win that one - she seemed interested in a brief one-off encounter already, this was just to help her get over the edge and perhaps consider doing something naughty with a witness in Emma.

But I wasn't just looking for that. I didn't need a fucktoy in Madison, that was just a bonus. I needed an accomplice against Sophia. Someone that could help me control her movements and reactions, someone just as keen on seeing me break her as Emma was. And that meant fully clearing her challenges.

So, even as Madison's hand quests towards my crotch for the first time, I reach out for more.

Madison Clements
Schoolgirl 4/4
(GANG) (ALRT) (HUNT)
​
No surprise. The sequel to HUNT modifiers usually involved the addition of an ALRT. I think this was actually good, at first glance. As long as no superpowered individuals were involved, it didn't change anything for me. Madison was still vulnerable up close, and I could evade normal people forever no matter how many she sent my way. "Challenge."

The same waterlogged streets greet me a moment later. At a guess, she's in the same spot she was last time. I repeat my previous path. The same Merchant still wasn't part of the GANG modifier, so I didn't have to deal with him being prepared for my cold-blooded assault. I pick up the same knife as before, except this time - by the time I get to the right street, I find hundreds of people pouring out of the tunnels towards me. Clambering up nearby buildings, sprinting towards me through the street, some people liberating nearby bicycles in an attempt to reach me faster.

I slip into my speed-state and book it. I was safe like this. Unless they had guns, but my power was generally pretty binary about the kind of people who had guns in my challenges. It was rare to see regular people armed, while anyone affiliated with a gang or guarding a secure location was near-guaranteed to have a weapon on them or at least nearby.

I watch the horde approach. Dangerous, if I didn't have my speed-state I wouldn't have any answers to this. But I did. None of these people would ever catch me. None of them could climb a building like I could. None of them could leap from rooftop to rooftop like I could.

And, from what I could tell, there wasn't an ounce of synergy or planning between any of the charging figures. There were still masses racing out from the tunnel, but none falling into a guarding posture or position. They were expanding in different directions, yes - but only because the path directly to me was clogged by people of differing speeds. The objective of every single NPC here was to run at me and kill me, with none of them staying back to protect the VIP - at least, as far as I could see. I could exploit that.

Because that meant that if I survived long enough for every last individual to leave the shelter to pursue me - that Madison would be left all on her own inside. There were thousands of people in there, and I'd need to draw them all some distance from the shelter before circling around... but I wasn't seeing anything to disprove my theory yet.

I run backwards, mentally making note of the nearby landmarks so that I could get back here later. The HUNT modifier meant that they would never lose their knowledge of my position, so running away in a mostly-straight line was the smartest thing to do. I hit the Trainyards after five minutes, then race through the residential area on the other side just a few minutes later. I couldn't do much in my speed-state, but if nothing else - it was fast. I'd outpaced Oni Lee with it. Could barely edge out Glory Girl at her maximum possible speed. It was a pretty safe assumption that aside from Velocity, Armsmaster-with-prep and maybe Dauntless - nobody in Brockton could catch me in a race of pure speed.

Certainly no normal person, even if some of them had managed to find a working car or some other vehicle. It would take an hour for those on foot to catch me. Maybe a third of that for those that found a good route by bike. But the timings didn't really matter. All that mattered was how long they had travelled directly away from Madison. The fastest of them were going to have to travel further on the way back once I reversed course.

Which is exactly what I do. The first motorbike to screech around the corner is my signal to go, sprinting back the way I came with weightless, gliding steps. It's a slightly messier journey. Some people had tried to traverse towards me via the rooftops as well, and tried to make all-too-slow lunges at me as I blitz past them - but even Oni Lee couldn't manage to seriously tag me with the aid of instant, line-of-sight teleportation. I'm certainly not getting touched by someone a thousand times less capable than him.

I needn't have worried about memorising the landmarks. I can just follow the trail of people back to where I came from - once I get past the slower people - the trail of trampled, broken bodies guides me the rest of the way in. The friendly fire is actually a bit of a detriment, the broken bodies underfoot are still aware and angry enough to reach out to try and grab me even if they can't stand properly - but ultimately, nothing stops me from reaching the final room once again.

And nearly immediately getting shot. Madison's poor marksmanship the only thing that stops the bullet from ripping through my vulnerable speed-state like paper. I dip and dodge to the side, I wasn't faster than a bullet but even trained professionals struggled to hit a moving target with a pistol even without superspeed. I keep my distance, waiting for her to reload - only then dropping my speed-state as she ducks behind the stage. My paralysis wears off, and I drop into a charge - phasing through the first few bullets, eating the next two between my forcefield and a half-formed ash clone - and the next three hit me in my chest before I crash into her and send us both into the ground.

"Need a bigger gun." I tell her with a bloody grin, blade already lodged deep into her chest. "Little baby calibre like that isn't stopping a charge unless you get lucky." It would kill me, certainly. But she'd die first. I yank the blade out, and impale her through the neck just like I did last time.

SUCCESS
Reward: Madison Clements +
​
I grin to myself. Easy. Just as I knew it would be. I'd deliberately not bothered to test Madison's challenges that much, reasoning that I could just handle them at will so long as no Capes were involved. It was good to know that I was right. I'd gotten pretty good at racing through regular people's challenges by this point. I was too slippery to die to a single mistake. Too many tools, too much mobility for a normal person to take me down without an ambush or absurd modifiers from my power. I rarely felt overpowered against a real Cape, but against a normal person I was near-impossible to deal with in a fair fight.

As reality blinks back into my vision, I note how I've already unconsciously pulled the two girls to my side closer without even thinking about it. Neither of them are in any sort of mood to protest, with Emma content to snuggle into my side to watch and Madison... taking only a moment to place a tray of snacks into my lap before her hand vanishes underneath it to get a firm grasp of my cock. The conspirational look that Emma and Madison share says everything there is to say about their plans, with Emma taking a moment to bump up the volume of the movie and swinging her feet up and over my legs to help block Sophia's view if she turned around on a whim. Both of them recognised that Sophia realising what was going on behind her would go poorly, but at the same time, neither of them cared enough about that fact enough to do any more than a light coverup while hoping that the darkness and the distraction of the movie would keep Sophia from putting two and two together.

In a different situation, it would be good to have a proper talk with Madison around now. Now that I'd completed her challenges, it was no surprise to see her acting like as much of a slut as Emma even without me making an explicit move on her - but it would be good to understand what was going on in her head and what the limits were for how far I could push her. My power changed perspectives, but it worked on what was there when it could. Emma's devoted attitude to me still sprang from her issues about strength, her obsession with Taylor and the predator/prey mindset she had going on. My power had twisted that in my favour, but the support I now had wasn't unconditional, nor was it guaranteed that she would stay on my side even after my power had aligned her closer to me. Madison had never seemed to share that kind of attitude, so what was she thinking right now - to justify the current situation to herself?

The domineering look of superiority she sends my way, the smirk she shares with Emma, and the comparatively little attention she shows me might have the answer to that. Before I completed her challenges, Madison had been pretty set on her life goals for the future - and had a fairly uncaring attitude towards the day-to-day affairs happening right now. There was no need to worry about bullying, or dating, or grades or any other drama when her life would ultimately be decided by attaching herself to the right kind of guy in a few years time. If that attitude was enabled by my power, then would that cause her to consider that a bit of fooling around now didn't matter in the slightest? That there wasn't anything even wrong with sleeping around, in fact - it would be strictly beneficial to get in practice in the right scenario. So when Emma shows up, having 'obviously' tamed her pet boy-toy and tugged him along to the sleepover to share with the girls, was there any real reason to not take advantage? We were both clearly interested, and with the promise of no future entanglements getting in the way - it must seem ideal.

And that explained why she had barely even bothered to acknowledge me before making a move. I'd already expressed willingness in my own way, but it was Emma that had enabled the scenario - and it was Emma that she turned to for unspoken approval of what she was about to do. There was a certain temptation to the idea of thoroughly disabusing her of that notion, it would be interesting to see how she reacted to how Emma really was in private with me - but I suppose that I couldn't blame her for her assumptions. She was basing her expectations on a version of me that no longer existed, a social hierarchy that no longer applied. She was assuming that she could simply experiment with me as she wished, and disengage with just as much ease - not realising that the feelings urging her towards me wouldn't go away even after being indulged.

I couldn't be upset with that. There was something fun about the idea of seeing her so confident, so in control - but knowing that she had already lost even if she didn't know it. Even if she thought that this was just a pity-handjob, a mild experiment for both of us before we went back to our normal interactions, that couldn't be further from the truth. This was the start of her fall into my depraved slut. Maybe she didn't even know it herself, but she was mine. If I wanted to fuck her, she would let me. If I wanted her to get on her knees next to Emma and join her in sucking me off, she'd be at ground-level before she even understood why she was doing it. If I wanted her to help me fuck Sophia, she'd be just as eager as Emma was.

And you know what? I was looking forward to her realisation of those facts. The sinking realisation that she couldn't stop herself. That she was already a slut from the very first taste of me. Just one more Queen Bee of Winslow coming to terms with her new place. She'd never slighted me as the old-Greg personally, but she didn't need to say anything for the gap between us to be understood. Our social statuses were too different. Watching her come to terms with how things had changed, were changing, was probably the best part about my decision to subjugate the Trio. All three of them were at the top of the school hierarchy in different ways, so flipping the tables on them so completely - as someone once on the other side of the hierarchy - was almost addicting in the satisfaction that it provided.

Of course, I could be off-base here about my guesses into her thought process. She could just be crushing on me normally, or perhaps my power had expanded on the idea of her doing things together with the rest of the Trio - and this was no different. I wasn't getting that impression, but it wasn't impossible that I'd just misread her and the likely direction my power had taken things based on what I was seeing so far. But regardless of what exactly she was thinking, I was confident that Madison was going to be just as eager as Emma. I still hadn't even said a word of encouragement to her and she was already jerking me off without a shred of hesitation or shame despite Emma being in full vision of what she was doing. While it was technically possible that she had a secret exhibitionist kink before I ever arrived, it was a lot more likely that my power was greasing the wheels when it came to what 'my' girls found acceptable around each other. I doubted either of them would even have considered sharing without my powers involvement, yet I already knew without a doubt that if Sophia decided to go and play vigilante in the middle of the night - I'd have both of these girls tag-teaming my cock every second that she was out on patrol with just a few words of encouragement.

Shame I couldn't just have them do that now. It was tempting, but I doubted that either of these two had any of the subtlety required to do any more than a quiet handjob without making it obvious to Sophia what was going on. Sophia was distracted, but not deaf or blind - even in a dark room with a movie playing, it was still possible to make out details up close if you took the time to look. Regardless of how determined Madison was to test how far she could push it, I wasn't quite so into the idea. When Sophia turns to seize another handful of snacks, she scowls in my direction as she sees that the tray has been relocated - but even as she takes a moment to stretch across and liberate food from the tray, Madison doesn't even consider stopping. If Sophia was paying more attention to Madison, or happened to linger for a moment too long and realise the slight shaking of the tray didn't come from me... I pinch Madison's ass lightly in recrimination. It's not like I was opposed to indulging an exhibitionist kink, but if she scared Sophia off by being a little too reckless I was going to be annoyed.

But nothing comes of it. Sophia doesn't notice, and turns back to face the screen without an ounce of suspicion towards what we were doing pressed up against each other. Madison takes things even further, drawing my dick out of its confines and exposing it to the open air. Emma's eyes light up as she gains an intrigued look, not hesitating to set her own hand to work massaging the base of my cock while her friend truly set to work - no longer content to grope and tease, but now truly making an effort to make me cum. And quickly, at that. As much as the movement gave her a lot more freedom to work with, there was also no longer any way for Sophia to remain unaware if she turned around again - putting an unknown timer on how long she had to finish me off.

It wouldn't really cost me anything to take back control. I could put my dick away, make sure Madison understood that I was in charge of when and where this kind of activity happened. There wasn't really any risk that she'd blow up at me or hold a lasting grudge over something so minor... but somehow, I couldn't bring myself to care. Maybe if I was worried that Sophia would call the PRT on me, but I'd taken things slowly enough that there was history in place to fall back on. Rational, normal reasons why some horny teenagers might be experimenting in a dark room while watching a movie. Some of my classmates had probably done worse themselves, without any power to back it up. There wasn't really a reason to assume the supernatural was involved any more, not now that I was no longer an unknown stranger to this group. And that meant that the consequences just... weren't that severe. At worst, Sophia would throw a disgusted fit and leave - but that wasn't a very Sophia-like attitude to things she had a problem with. She'd try to pick a fight with me, and I was utterly confident in how that one would go without powers - and her coming to that realisation might be fun all on its own.

So if I wasn't really scared of consequences, then why not live a little? Wasn't this a glimpse of the reward I'd earned through my efforts? Two of the Trio already subservient to me, the third blissfully ignorant to my intentions - unaware of the power I already had over both her and her friends. The fact that it was Sophia, the most powerful and egotistical of the three, only made it better. So used to being dominant and in control, the fact that she didn't even realise that the boot was on the other foot was kind of enticing on its own. It was an empowering and intoxicating feeling, that for all of her skills and training - she hadn't been capable of even noticing the subversion of the two people closest to her. Knowing that in all likelihood, that wouldn't change even up to the point where I was marking her womb as my personal property.

Now... flaunting that fact like this was probably a pretty dangerous habit to get into, but I'd allow it this time - if only because of how long her challenge-self had stalled my progress. It felt good to get a win over her like this, however petty it seemed. Like the dark feeling of satisfaction that had raced through me as Taylor had dramatically turned her back on me at school, only to practically gift-wrap herself as a mere side-piece to my costumed self just a few hours later - unaware of the own-goal she'd just inflicted on herself.

It wasn't a heroic feeling. I could admit that much, but I wasn't ashamed of that. I was man enough to admit that I liked the feeling of power over other people. I liked seeing them fall under my influence, degrading themselves for my benefit and slowly coming to the understanding that I was just... above them. I liked that Emma didn't consider herself worthy of keeping me all to herself. I liked that Taylor had an inferiority complex as a hero towards me, and that she was grateful to even get a glimpse of romantic attention from me when she could. I liked the acknowledgement from Cauldron, that I was something special. I liked the feeling of approaching destiny every time I gained a new power, the feeling of being one step closer not only to my own personal milestones - but to milestones of power and fame that the entire world couldn't help but acknowledge. To a level where I was openly acknowledged as Triumvirate tier, and then beyond that. When I could cast off the lies and pretenses about my power, show the greatest heroes and villains across the world worshipping me - and have the world no longer care out of sheer gratitude.

And, in all honesty? I think that's fine. Those desires are just part of being human. It was only because of the fact that I actually had the luck and power to act on them and reach those goals that people would call me evil. Every straight guy in the school would trade places with me right now, and nothing would change. Not with the oblivious, obedient girls on either side of me, not with Taylor practically begging me to use her as sexual relief - and that was going to stay the case until I got all the way to Alexandria. Even if people didn't like the fact, I was just a pretty standard guy before getting this power - and I don't think there's any average guy like me out there who would do any better.

I tighten my grip on Madison's ass as she jerks me off faster and faster, the dramatic chase scene on the screen in front of us all was the only reason Sophia hadn't twigged what was going on yet - Madison recognises my motion for what it was, a silent signal that her efforts were about to bear fruit. She cups her other hand over the tip of my cock, at least somewhat prepared to stop my seed from escaping across the room. A flash from the screen lights up Madison's expression for a second, a half-lidded look of concentration in her eyes and a self-satisfied smirk on her lips as she methodically pushes me over the edge.

It takes a lot of focus to not make any noise as my load bursts out into Madison's waiting hands. Even a grunt, a pant or just abnormal breathing might set Sophia's suspicions off as the horror flick turns to a more suspenseful scene. To my ears, the light splatter of my cum against her outstretched hand acting as a shield sounded more like thunder and crashing waves than the subtle noise it truly was - but all of that was down to the feeling of taboo. The threat of being caught. The thrill that someone was right there, just waiting to explode if they ever realised... I would never call myself a true exhibitionist, but I was starting to realise why it was a kink now. I'd gotten a lot of handjobs over the past few weeks, but somehow I don't think any of them could compare to this quiet, hasty one in the back of a dark room.

Emma moves her hand up my shaft, teasing and squeezing out the last drops as Madison finally pulls her hand away. Emma unsubtly licks her hand clean as I cover myself up. Madison splays her cum-coated hand up in the air as if to admire it for a second, fingers spreading out wide as ropes of cum stretch and fall between them - her hand rotating just enough to pool my seed together in her palm rather than allowing it to escape. We lock eyes as she brings her hand down to her lips, the slimy mixture exposed only long enough for her to display it to me with her open mouth and wagging, cum-soaked tongue - then she visibly swallows before mimicking Emma's cat-like gesture of licking each digit of her hands completely clean.

And then, as if nothing at all had transpired between us, she rotates back around into a more comfortable seating position and turns her attention back to the movie. Not that I was saying that it was a bad thing, there were certainly limits to how far we should be testing Sophia's inattention - even if I could see from her all-too-rigid posture in front of us that most of her focus was going into not visibly reacting to any of the movie's scares. Madison and Emma's earlier teasing doubtless living in her head rent-free.

It was a little different to my usual experiences, seeing such a switch between a skilled slut and the aura of nonchalant indifference I was now getting. It was down to the circumstances, of course. Everyone else that I'd fucked, we'd been alone and had all the privacy we needed before and after the act. That wasn't the case here. Even if Emma would have joined in, with Sophia around there wasn't any opportunity for pillow talk or any proper continuation of where she had left off. Her actions made complete sense... it just felt a little different, not being able to immediately wipe the smug, self-satisfied expression off of her face immediately. But I wasn't a child. I could be patient when the time was right, and if that meant letting Madison believe that I was, at best, a freshly-graduated virgin that Emma was leading on for her own satisfaction? A toy that Emma was happy to lend out to her friends? Then I could put up with that.

After all, it didn't make the fact that I had cleared her challenges any less true. Whatever assumptions she had made in her head about me or my relationship with Emma, the end-result still had her attentions directed at me. Sophia's presence might be denying me from making a move, but the same applied to her as well. If I compared her to Emma, Emma would have been satisfied with this much after two or three challenges - but now that she was fully cleared, she wasn't the kind of person to settle for half-measures. I'd skipped past that stage with Madison, so I could probably take solace in the fact that she was going to spend the evening stewing in the realisation that she wanted to take things further just as much as I was.

But even if restraint and stopping my dick from deciding everything wasn't one of my strong points, I did have other things to focus on than just thinking of how to get Sophia out of the room for long enough to fuck these two. I was here on a mission, and work always comes before play.

I return my gaze to Sophia, who's already rising out of her makeshift seat as the credits begin to roll. I'd let Madison do her thing continuously from my perspective, even though I could have interrupted it with Sophia's challenge as it came off cooldown - but being violently beaten up and then abruptly returned to an otherwise pleasant handjob was either going to give me a dangerous fetish or completely kill my boner and give the impression that I had performance issues to Madison. That was a worse outcome than delaying one challenge by a few minutes.

Especially when I'd gotten in so many attempts already. Two movies, a small break in between to restock on drinks and snacks - we'd been here for hours already, and Sophia's current challenge wasn't like most of my active walls elsewhere. This was only her second challenge. The cooldown was short, rather than the nearly hour-long cooldown that Taylor had upon failing - I was already fast-approaching the thirtieth attempt of this evening alone.

And actually, I was starting to feel pretty good about it. "Challenge." Back into the fray.

I catch a probing kick, shoving it away before it dissipates into smoke. "You know something?" I call out, stepping back from the melee.

Sophia declines to follow. "What?"

"I know that these challenges, they all have their own rules. They're all biased against me. I get it. It makes sense, because I only need to win single time and you need to win every time. If they didn't put all of these annoying little caveats in, didn't have the system cheat against me when I try to cheese it - I'd be spanking the Simurgh right now. The balance would be completely off." I wave my hands around. "I get that. I'm not complaining about that."

"You going to make a point, or just talk?" Sophia leans against a nearby wall, pretending not to catch her breath.

I flip her off. "I'm getting there. Just explaining that I completely understand why these challenges don't side me with me in the event of an actual draw. I don't mean that in the sense of, you know, if I kill someone first and die immediately after - that would be a draw in real life, but here it's a win and that makes sense. I filled all the victory conditions and didn't check the defeat conditions until after. No, what I mean is what we would consider a draw in here. When nobody dies, or is subdued. Both people still ready and willing to fight, we just get cut short by the timer."

Sophia crosses her arms. "Get on with it. We haven't got all day."

"Beg to differ." I wink. "But in these cases, where the timer is about to run out - anywhere other than these challenges, we'd call it a draw. Right? You couldn't decisively beat me, I couldn't decisively beat you?"

"No." She disagrees. "Your objective is to either capture me without the possibility of escape or to make me submit. If I stop you from doing either of those things, I win."

"You're just telling yourself that, Sophia. Not even you believe it." She rolls her eyes. "I know this is a fight. You know that this is a fight. Neither of us is worried about the technicalities here."

"Agree to disagree." She allows. "Say this is a fight then. What's your point?"

"Ever played a fighting game before? A video game?" I throw the question out.

"Not that often. It isn't really my thing." Sophia narrows her eyes at me, trying to work out my angle. "Why?"

"Fighting games usually have a timer as well, just like our little meetups in here." I explain. "And in a competitive setting where only one guy can take the win and advance, you can't have a draw even if both fighters are still standing at the end. Do you know how they resolve those draws, Sophia?"

She waits for me to continue, then reluctantly throws out a guess when it becomes clear I am expecting a real answer. "A bonus round?"

"Not a bad idea, but no." I shake my head. "When the timer hits zero, the fighter that has taken the least amount of damage is declared the victor."

Sophia looks at me. I take a step backwards as she processes that. "You cannot possibly be saying-"

"-between the two of us-" I call out loudly, increasing my backwards pace. "-I wonder which of us has taken more hits this round." I shake my head in wonder. "Now, I would never dream of suggesting that you were saved by the bell - I just thought it was an interesting point that in other cases like ours, people might actually have declared me the winner a long time ago-"

Sophia ignores me. "-actually think that you somehow have even the slightest advantage-"

I continue my retreat as Sophia adopts an increasingly infuriated expression. "-in fact, I can't help but notice that you've got a little bit of a nosebleed going on there, while I seem to be perfectly fine."

"-get back here, you cowardly fucking rat." Sophia seems to have taken the idea of standard competitive tiebreaking rules poorly. "I don't know which of the last hundred times that I caved your face in did the brain damage necessary for you to even consider trying to claim that you won any of these fights - but I promise that I'll hit you hard enough to fix it back again just as soon as you stop running away."

"I would love to fight you more - my dear Sophia." I declare theatrically. "Alas, it appears that our time is up. I suppose you'll have to try and beat me a little bit faster than the timer can if you want that kind of satisfaction. Putting everything you have into a fight like this, only to have your efforts dwarfed by a glorified alarm clock - I'm glad I don't have to come to terms with that realisation."

"I will fucking end you-" Sophia promises with a snarl. The timer expires, and the world starts to break apart. Sophia's fist has already dissolved by the time she catches me, and her furious series of threats is the only thing that reaches me as the challenge ends.

FAILURE​

She took that about as well as I expected.

She's not usually so easy to taunt into a seething mess, for all that she seems like a hothead - she can usually be fairly measured about her approach to things. But as ever, my words have that special element to them that gets under her skin in a way that she can't handle. Truth. Because for all that she wasn't wrong about the technical requirements of the challenge, I wasn't wrong either. I was winning these exchanges now. Not enough to win outright thanks to the timer, but if this challenge was a simple CAGE modifier with no time restrictions - I would have won by now. I had more endurance. I hit harder. I recovered faster. To an extent that even with the vast flexibility and manoeuvrability that her power gave her, she couldn't help but slowly get chipped away.

Even if Sophia pulled out every trick she had, as long as I avoided permanent damage or a knockout blow - any trade would favour me. Her power wasn't automatic, it was near-impossible to knock her out - but not to hit her at all. She'd avoid any serious, fight-ending blows - but every time I hit back at her limbs, she was walking away with a bruise just as large as mine. Every time I met her kicks with one of my own, every time I guessed where she would reform next - I forced out another block that her frame couldn't handle quite as well as mine. Even if I wasn't using my active powers, I knew how to abuse my physical advantages. It wasn't something I needed to gain through a challenge - but something I had learned through gratuitous amounts of violence over time. Boys were stronger than girls. Boys were faster. Boys were beefier.

Sophia had spent most of the school year thoroughly disabusing people of that notion - something she'd been able to do even without her power. In terms of pure fitness, she was undoubtedly the top girl in our school - but that didn't mean that the gangs stayed clear of Sophia and her friends because she was stronger or faster than them. It had been because she was massively more skilled. It had been the same for me. Except, now I had caught up.

The only advantage she had left was her power itself, but now, the rules of our engagement were working in my favour. The best use of her power would be to guarantee escape and distance, then snipe me from a nearby rooftop while I was searching for a way to climb - but she wasn't allowed to do that. But nor could she use her power in melee as effectively as the current Sophia. She was trapped down here with me, forced to either concede defeat by admitting that she couldn't stick to our agreement - or just sit tight and hope that I didn't continue to improve enough to take the actual win. After so long on the back foot, this was a good feeling.

The only downside is that I was kind of feeling myself plateauing. I always had my Victor-aura going during these fights, while at this level it doesn't drain her skill - it does absorb the fruits of wasted practice. In gaming terms, the wasted xp of someone already at level cap - or taking a class that couldn't take them beyond their current level. Somewhat useful for catching up on grades in a busy classroom, but also useful here - because the challenge version of Sophia was the very definition of someone who physically cannot improve their skill any further. A limitation of the challenge system, but one that worked very favourably for my aura's interpretation of whether it would decide to leech from her or not.

But there were limits. Just like my academic grades have hit a comfortable level, but not been propelled to the levels of a trained rocket scientist - I was starting to approach the limits of what leeching off of Sophia could do for me. I would need someone better than her to get better at fighting than I am now to cheat my combat skills further up. Or just get better like a normal person, which was also a valid option and probably the most likely to happen. I get a lot of combat experience. Perks of the power.

But that wasn't to say that I didn't see a way forward.

I replay her earlier words. Your objective is to either capture me without the possibility of escape or to make me submit.

And didn't that sentence imply that there was a genuine path to victory where Sophia just... conceded defeat? Where she recognised that she couldn't win anymore, and chose to give up? I'd thought about the possibility before, but this was the closest confirmation of viability I'd ever had - from her perspective, no less. She was the one listing it as a possibility. Perhaps the first thought that the average guy would have to respond to that would be something along the lines of: 'So what? Sophia is too proud to give up.' and while I wouldn't say that I disagreed with the idea behind it, I'd say that the opposite is true.

Sophia is too proud not to give up.

For all that I was mildly annoyed at being unable to get a complete victory, I knew it would be absolutely eating away at her that I'd not only closed the gap but was actively opening one up despite not using powers. If it got to a point where the tables had completely flipped, where I was routinely showing up to put Sophia in the dirt like I was farming mobs in an RPG - she'd take the easy way out. She'd justify it in her own way, point to the artificial limits of the challenge, the fact that she'd grown in strength since this snapshot of herself or perhaps just point to the overall win ratio and say that one win was nothing. But given sufficient proof and evidence that victory was no longer possible, she would fold - because even if the challenge said that she won if the timer ran out, she wouldn't necessarily agree.

I was absolutely certain that Sophia would rather be honestly beaten in a straight-up fight than claim victory over a technicality. Not in a fight like this. She might talk a big game about the gangs, and how the heroes should be pulling out all the stops and all the dirty tricks - but this wasn't about pragmatism, this was about her life philosophy. A predator wouldn't need a third-party to save them from prey. Not if they were really stronger. And a clock? An artificial timer that said she wins when it gets to zero? The definition of third-party. Outside help for someone who should already be at an advantage.

And I had supporting evidence for this train of thought being viable: That Sophia was even in the Wards at all. It wasn't impossible to cow her with insurmountable force. It had been done before to this very version of Sophia - in fact, the challenge itself was essentially replacing Armsmaster's initial capture of her with me. While there was no video of it publicly available, Armsmaster had clearly handled Sophia thoroughly enough that she hadn't even considered the possibility of escaping or continuing to fight back. With all her public disdain for the Wards, for all her minor acts of rebellion at press events... she was still there. She accepted the result and moved on.

I just needed to match what Armsmaster had done here. With consistency, rather than overwhelming power and preparation. Show her that she didn't really have a choice. Because the alternative was being beaten over and over again, being saved by the timer over and over again - and that was perhaps more crushing than simply adding one more name to the list of people stronger than her. Something she was already pretty familiar with, with a power like hers. Don't get me wrong, I had a lot of respect for its utility and its value in a fight - but even she would begrudgingly acknowledge that she wasn't even in the top ten in the Bay, let alone in the league of the top tiers scattered around the world.

"That-" Sophia stretches into the air as the lights come back on. "-was the worst movie I've seen all year. Exactly as dull and pointless as expected."

"No need to play at sounding tough." Madison smirks at her. "We could all see you flinching every time the killer appeared."

"Feel free to start making things up if it makes you feel better." Sophia dismisses. "I'll at least take some pride that I seem to be the only one of us able to watch crap like this without clinging to a giant teddy bear."

"Teddy bear?" I mouth to myself. Not the description I would have gone for.

"There was plenty of space for another person on this seat." Emma points out. "We could all have sat together if you were feeling left out?"

"Who even said anything about being left out?" She adopts an almost-insulted tone at the idea. "Nobody even hinted at that! Why would you even think that I would even want to sit together with him, of all people? I was perfectly comfortable, with a better seat, all the way over here."

It's Madison's turn to smirk now. "I just think that you're letting the fact that he's a boy scare you. If this was Julia instead, you would happily have slid in next to the three of us without even hesitating. I'll admit, I'm a little surprised. I didn't really think you were even aware of the opposite gender like that, but it's nice to see that you have a girly side too-"

Sophia lets out an exaggerated groan. "Fuck. Off. Already." Sophia pulls a face at Madison. "You're so full of shit. Are you two just ganging up on me for fun, is that it? Because I promise I'm not just going to take it lying down all weekend."

"Would I do that?" Emma flutters her eyelashes innocently. "But really, if you want to get your own back on Madison - it's not really that late in the evening. We've got some time to enjoy ourselves, all sorts of variety." She gestures to a pile in the corner. Playing cards, board games, a mess of cables erupting out of a pair of game consoles, a twister mat and who even knows what else underneath all of that.

Sophia follows her gaze. "Meh. Fine, pick something. We didn't watch your shitty movie, so it's your turn to choose. As long as it's something competitive."

Emma pulls a deck of cards out of nowhere with a pleased grin. "Say no more."

I smile to myself as I'm directed to draw my cards, Emma animatedly explaining the rules of how to play. More time in a group. More challenges. More progress. And, I suppose, it wasn't a bad night out among... friends? Would I call them friends? I was acting like it, certainly. And in general, they saw me that way - it was true. But could I say the same was true in reverse? I'd been thinking of them as victims, future lovers and treating socialising them as a means to an end - but I couldn't rightly say that I didn't enjoy their company.

Who was I kidding, if I could count Taylor among my friends for months based on nothing but anticipation - I could count these three as well based on a lot more than that. I should make more of an effort to enjoy myself, even if my primary goal was to progress Sophia's challenges - and my secondary goal was to fuck all three of them - there was no reason to see the downtime before achieving that as a chore. If we enjoyed each other's company, Sophia's gripes aside, then the fact that my power was somewhat forcing the issue was irrelevant.


I dash forward into the shadowy mass before Sophia even finishes phasing out, one hand scooping up dirt and flinging it into the largest concentration of smoke - the other stretched out to pre-emptively grab the spot she usually liked to retreat into. She starts to reform, then cancels it immediately before I can secure my grip - the mass of smoke dancing backwards again, only for me to repeat the action. Again. Again. The direction of the smoke changes, the cloud of dust behind me delaying her reappearance only long enough for me to get an instant of warning before the blow from behind comes.

My fist lashes out in a blind arc behind me, just as she moves to put me into a grapple. I make contact, and she gives up on the attempt immediately in favour of recovering some distance between us.

"You should be careful." I eye the flecks of blood on my fist, then at Sophia's bloody mouth. "If you kept running just a little bit further there, you'd have run straight into the wall. Walking into a power cable would be an embarrassing way to lose, after all this time."

"Who said anything about running?" She spits out blood onto the ground. "Stop the wishful thinking already."

"Alright, let's call it a strategic ploy that ended up getting you punched in the face." I allow. "You sure you don't want to put that helmet back on?"

"It just restricts my view." She dismisses. "And I don't need it to deal with you anyway."

I bring my other hand up to my face, swiping at it briefly and doing an exaggerated comparison between that hand and the bloodied one. "If you say so. I hope you'll live up to those words next time." I drop into a mocking bow.

"Next-?" White and grey takes over my vision.

FAILURE​

"-ooks like I win." Emma crows, spreading her hand out on the floor.

"Again? This is ridiculous. Did we even shuffle the decks properly?" Sophia tosses her cards in to the middle.
I drop mine as well. "I was one away from winning for almost the entire game. She just got lucky." I ignore the sing-song cry of 'All skill!' from the opposite end of the table. I sweep up the cards into the centre. "Another round?"

"She can't win all of them." Madison vows. "Deal me in."


I guess left, Sophia goes right. Her move to punish the overextension is swift and merciless, a crushing blow hammering down to the back of my neck sends me into the dirt in an unkempt heap. My attempt to push myself back into a defensive stance comes to nothing, my body refusing to answer my call.

"Hmph." Sophia at least has the good grace to not kick me while I'm down. "Paralysed?" I grunt in affirmation. "Whatever."

I don't see the crossbow bolt coming, but the all-too-familiar twang heralds the usual end of this challenge.

FAILURE​

I glance down at my cards. "Fold." I toss them onto the table. "Seventeen." Sophia is already out. Madison folds immediately after me. Eighteen.

Emma quietly flips her pair of cards over. A Queen of Hearts and the King of Spades. "Twenty."

Madison and I share a commiserating look. "Got to be something about the deck." Madison swears darkly.

"Marked cards." I echo.

"Those sleeves are a bit long if you ask me." Even Sophia can't resist adding a comment, perhaps being the only one yet to win a round was taking its toll on her prickliness.

The redhead adopts an offended expression. "As if I would even need to cheat to beat someone who goes bust every round. Jealousy doesn't suit you." Emma tells us smugly. "And who folds on seventeen anyway? You'll never win like that."

"I just need some real luck, don't get ahead of yourself." I shake my head. "Again?"


My hand lashes out, not with a punch, but with an underhanded throw.

"Shit!" Sophia practically sprints away from me, the formless cloud doubling the distance between us before I could even push myself into position to chase. As she reforms, I grin to myself at the obvious result.

It wasn't my first attempt at incorporating pebbles, not even the tenth. But it was the first to actually get a cry of pain from Sophia. The first to actually make a serious connection. She pulls one hand away from her bloodied eye, fixating on me with her remaining one. "Lucky shot." She hisses.

"I think I was just unlucky to miss all the other times. I feel like I'm getting pretty good at guessing where you want to reappear." I palm another pebble in my fist. "Can you see out of that?"

"As if I would tell you." Sophia scoffs, but now that her hand isn't blocking the way - the answer is clearly 'no'. Her eyelid seems almost fused shut, and she barely seems to notice the blood dripping down that side of her face. "Come at me already."

I come at her. And I keep coming. I think it was a pretty fair statement at this point to say that Sophia and I were near-equals in a pure melee fight at this point. So when she was handicapped with a minor head injury and what was essentially a missing eye? This time, there couldn't be any arguments over who had the advantage. I hammer my lead home, taking advantage of her blind spot and delayed reactions again and again.

And then, as usual, the timer hits ten minutes.

"You-" Sophia leans against the wall. The left side of her body is a ruin. Blood and broken skin mar the side of her face, one arm hangs uselessly at her side and I'm pretty sure I've broken her nose. "You lose."

I slowly look down at myself. I brush some dust off of my shoulder. And I smile, softly. "If you say so." Sophia's face twists into something unpleasant, but it's too late for her to respond.

FAILURE​

"-ot over! If I roll two sixes, I win. That isn't impossible." Sophia argues.

"Just give up, Sophia. Second place isn't too bad-" Emma stops her gloating as Sophia tosses the dice. "No. No, no, no-"

"Yes!" Sophia crows, already rotating around the board to get closer to her stunned, disbelieving friend. "Never mind Emma, you see - in this world, there are only winners and losers. It's just a fundamental fact of life-"

"How quickly the narrative changes when she's the one that's winning." I murmur quietly. Not quietly enough, judging by the single-finger salute that immediately comes my way from the ebony beauty.

"We've got a long day planned tomorrow. Maybe we should call it a night?" Emma offers up a cheap attempt to change the subject. I mask my frown. Staying up later was better for me. I wasn't going to have as much luck subtly challenging Sophia when we were all supposed to be asleep and likely somewhat separated.

"Aha, so now that you've tasted defeat - it's now a good time to stop? I don't think so." Sophia herself comes to my rescue. "Another!"


I reel backwards, on the defensive after failing to dodge Sophia's uppercut. Recovering against Sophia wasn't too difficult, all you had to do was get out of the cloud so that any repositioning she did all came from one direction. She wasn't actually faster than a regular human run unless she already had momentum in that state, and she needed to reform in order to adjust her direction to start a pursuit. That meant if you could get her in front of you and back away, you at least weren't going to have a leg materialise half-an-inch from the back of your head and send you into next week.

That didn't mean that it was any less intimidating for a hungry, bloodthirsty vigilante to start sprinting at you full-pelt - before erupting into a formless mass of smoke and smog that matched her previous speed with a fraction of the effort. I sidestep instead of letting her exhaust me, then step back towards the cloud as she phases back in, starting her materialisation from her legs as she throws her momentum back towards me. Moving back towards her was obviously dangerous, and she immediately punishes my effort by slamming an elbow into my face before I even get close to her torso - but it's a hasty blow, not enough to knock me out or deter me. My momentum carries me forward, and I hurl her back - practically spinning her around with all of my strength, the almost-weightless, half-formed body is easy to throw in the direction of my choice. And Sophia, for her part, is happy to let me. It's a free hit for her, and she'll never take damage from being thrown like this unless its directly towards the ground.

She chooses to reform fully as I let go, nails raking out against my face like claws while she skips backwards - facing me with a self-assured look as I charge after her. My eyes widen in slight disbelief as she doesn't fully arrest her momentum as soon as she can, instead half-slipping into her shadow-state - something she usually does to soften the impact of hitting the ground, but this time she uses it to open up distance between me and my followup.

Mistake.

There was a building behind her. And she hadn't realised it yet, too focused on pressing her advantage against me to reorient the battlefield in her mind. She was still moving backwards just as fast as she was before, even if she had successfully killed her vertical momentum.

I lunge at her, a promise of violence on my lips. I actually have to briefly slow myself, being too fast was actually a detriment here - allowing her to dodge both hazards in turn once she realised. Sophia completely phases out as I charge in, and then the tendrils of wispy smoke behind her touch the wall - and she realises the danger she's in. The phase-in is immediate and instinctive, an uncharacteristic, wide-eyed expression of something close to fear appearing on her face as she slams into the wall - with my knee slamming into her centre-mass a split-second later. Something audibly cracks under the hit, the agonised, breathless gasp of my sparring partner the truest indicator that it wasn't solely her costume.

I move to press the advantage, then stop myself.

I step back, Sophia following me with her eyes every step of the way as she slumps against the wall. Still conscious. She'd have phased out if I completed the attack, now that there was no danger of drifting into the wall and hitting a power line. This, backing off and giving the appearance of allowing her time to recover, was the more damaging move by far. Mental damage, over purely physical.

It takes almost a full minute for Sophia to get words out. "The-" She spits blood to the side, arms clutching her stomach protectively. "The fuck do you think you're doing? Did you forget that this was a fight?"

"It's not like you can fight like that." I wave her off. "I know I broke a rib or three there, at the very least. Definitely knocked the breath out of you, you can barely even stand."

For a moment, I expect Sophia to deny it. The annoyed expression on her face betrays the truth of my words. "Tch. Is that what you think?" Her voice gains a bit of heat. "How do you ever expect to win if you don't capitalise on the one-in-a-million chances when they happen to come up?"

"Firstly, I wouldn't call it one-in-a-million. Even you have to admit that we're pretty much relative to each other now, it's only natural for a situation like this to crop up every now and then." Surprisingly, she doesn't deny it. Maybe a mouthful of blood made it more difficult to claim that she was on a different level. "Secondly, I've just been using you to get better myself. I've made no secret of that, and you were kind enough to help out - winning off the back of a mistake you made, rather than purely my own strength surpassing yours - that would feel like a loss for me anyway. Particularly when I've been winning a fair few of our little bouts lately, timer aside - I don't need to be desperate when going for the official win, if that makes sense."

"That's the mentality of a loser. It doesn't matter how you win, as long as you win in the end. Everyone is going to make a mistake in a fight, complaining that you didn't earn it fair and square is bullshit - a lesser person couldn't have capitalised on something as minor as that. The person I first met in here couldn't have done that." Her head rests backwards against the wall. "And that logic assumes that I'm helpless like this. I'm still quite capable of fighting, as you should well know. It's one thing to back away at the finishing line and ask for another round, but this... is barely more than a single lap of the course. You haven't won yet."

"And can't." I challenge, getting silence in response. "You know, it's interesting. Every now and then, I run into a challenge that feels just like a... check. You know, like in games where they require you to learn a certain skill or have a special item to advance. Madison's challenge just now, her final one was probably easier than all the ones before it - because I had a power that trivialised it. I'm sure it's not designed that way or anything, just blind luck - there are probably a few powers that would be just as suited to sneaking around Parian's hotel-thing as yours was. Other powers than Velocity's to handle Oni Lee, someone other than Glory Girl to ignore Taylor's swarm. But this situation feels just like one of those. Because I'm not allowed to kill you to win. I have to capture you, but I've taken a detour through the houses around here and you know - I've never found so much as a blink of a working appliance or wrap of cable I might be able to use. The whole area is just a bit too run-down. Even the police outside don't have electric cuffs."

"And?" Sophia grunts shortly.

"And that's just it. Have I really captured the ever-elusive Shadow Stalker if I haven't taken away her ability to escape at will? Unconsciousness is fleeting, there's no way for me to ever say 'Shadow Stalker has been captured' even if I have you wrapped up in chains in a police car. That's how the challenge sees it, right? That's part of why this has an event modifier. I think you've hinted at that before, but I wasn't putting too much thought into actually winning at the time." I raise a finger in the air. "I would need something else. Sure, there are some odd-ball solutions that might work. I thought about hitting you hard enough to be put you in a coma, except your power automatically dodges most attacks at that kind of level. A Tinker power maybe, do something with the police cars back at the entrance... rig something up and beat you in just one or two minutes before the timer expires. Or, there is the natural and obvious solution - hold you down myself, with Manpower's electricity running through my body. But realistically, that last one is the only one worth talking about as an option - and without it, I'm screwed. Am I wrong in any of that?"

"Maybe. Who knows?" The fact that she's no longer quite so willing to speak is encouraging. If I was wrong, I'm pretty sure she'd be deriding me for being a moron right now.

"So unless I grab Manpower, and also break our little agreement for me not to use powers, worrying about winning just isn't a priority for me." I lie adeptly. Because I did want to win, but admitting that was counter-productive to getting her to concede defeat.

"So you dedicated your weekend to challenging me just for your own amusement?" She scoffs. "Very believable."

"I dedicated my weekend to making myself the best-hand-to-hand fighter in the Bay." I shrug my shoulders. "Be real with me, you've been fighting an unpowered-me constantly for a while now. Aside from Brutes and Armsmaster - is there anyone in the Bay that beats me in a fistfight right now?" I smirk at her silence. "Thought so. You haven't even seen me kick ass with most of my powers yet. I don't have to beat you to get stronger, that happens every time I show up here. That's only going to continue to happen."

"And if I'm not content to sit here, babysitting you until you become an almost-credible threat to me?" Sophia asks. "Don't you think that you're saying a bit too much about how you're benefitting from this? I'm under no obligation to help you. Quite the opposite, in fact."

"The insults sting a lot less when you're hunched over in the corner." I tell her absently. "But... does it matter even if you know what I want? You can run away if you want. Tell me the deals up, you go hunt down Nazis and I use my powers and do my level-best to run you down before you kill anyone - just as the challenge was intended. We both know that you'd be ducking me out of fear of losing, so I don't really expect you to do that. Even if you did, if I didn't get any benefit from this the first thing I'd do is go and stalk New Wave for long enough to snag Manpower and then completely speedrun your challenges start-to-end. I'd have done it already if I didn't have other things to work on. Manpower isn't easy for me, but I only need a single win to completely clear you out."

"Is that a threat?" She arches an eyebrow at me.

"A fact." I deny. "Come on, be realistic. If I had taser hands I could have beaten you within a day, even if you hadn't agreed to these little scraps. The fact that I'm good enough to take three, maybe four rounds out of ten purely off my own hard work should be enough evidence that I'd roll you over with that extra advantage. To say nothing of how good I'll be by the time I get to your next challenge."

A frustrated flicker of annoyance, almost too quick to notice, passes by Sophia's face. Aha. That must have hit closer to home than I had even intended. It wasn't just about her, but her being a liability to the next challenger I was going to face.

I tilt my head at her. "Honest question, actually. How do you feel about that? Not many of my challenge targets talk to me, for some reason - so it's kind of hard for me to gauge how much you care about each other. Do you see the next stages as, like, completely separate from you and you don't care if they lose? Or is it that they're also 'you', just in a different situation? Or a kind of, relay-race situation?"

She looks annoyed. "I don't care about them, continuation modifiers aside. I'm a simulation mirroring a personality, don't get me mixed up with an actual human. You think even the real deal would want to sit here, in essentially a time loop, for days and weeks on end - beating the shit out of you over and over with no breaks?" Sophia gives me a look as if to say, 'Are you retarded?'.

"Sure, sure." I wave her off. "And what does that simulated personality have to say about the current situation?"

"Why should I tell you? You've squandered your chance at winning this time around." I shift my attention to the timer. True. Thirty seconds.

"Call it a prize for managing to hit you that hard." I grin. "Let me cash in a bit of that respect I just gained from that, and tell me how you really feel."

"As if I would have any respect for you giving up your only chance to win." I shrug in response to the words, letting the silence repeat the question for me. "...frustrated."

"Hm?" I blink.

"I said, I feel frustrated." Sophia pushes herself into a standing position, barely seeming winded at all as the timer winds down. "The feeling of being a stepping stone sucks. Like some kind of sentient high-jump record, that can only watch as people fail to reach me again and again - but seeing them get closer every time. Knowing that every bit of easy practice against me, only makes it harder for a stronger version of me to pull out the win in the future. Knowing that even with my powers against nothing, I've already lost most of my advantage."

I purse my lips. "That was a lot more honest than I expected." I admit. "Kind of figured you'd tell me to go fuck myself and die." I scratch my head. "If it makes you feel better, your current self is way better at using your power than you right now. It's not like you inherently just suck, or anything like that. It's just early in your career."

"Obviously, moron." She gives me a derisive look. "But who even asked?"

Eight. seconds left. "I'm just saying, no need to feel bad. Nothing either of us can really do about that feeling, but it's nice to have an honest heart-to-heart every now and then." I give her a cheery wave. "I'll be back!"

Two seconds. One second.

One second.

I blink.

One second.

I pinch myself. Still one second.

"On that, we disagree." Sophia sounds oddly relieved. Decisive. "There is something I can do. And having a heart-to-heart with you is extremely unpleasant, so I can disagree on that as well."

"Fuck you." I quip reflexively. The timer had stopped. Did that mean...?

"I suppose this is the outcome you were hoping for all along." She continues. "But it's fine. It works for me as well. And my feelings are the only ones that matter here. If I can't completely win consistently anymore, then I can at least avoid losing."

"You're giving up?" I question. "I mean, I'm not complaining - but I feel like you're denying me my moment of triumph here. Kind of anticlimactic if you just give up because you can see which way the wind is blowing."

"Why should I care about your feelings? If you want to call it a loss, then suck it up - you don't get to make the decisions here." Annoyance laces her voice. "And, giving up? I wouldn't phrase it quite like that." A momentary pause. "But I can't fault you for choosing to think of it like that either. I don't want to keep on fighting you. It only disadvantages me, and strengthens you. You're not a match for me yet, but I don't want to just sit and wait until you hit that point either. I'd rather concede on my own terms, for my own reasons, than be forced into it by either force or the sheer humiliation of actually losing to an unpowered nerd."

"Dont forget the true reason." She looks confused as I smile. "You can admit that you've fallen for my irresistible charms whenever you want. Don't worry, I don't have anyone else to tell so it will be our secret. Between you and me, you're way more approachable than the real deal."

She gives me a blank look. "One: You repulse me. Two: I'm a simulation of her, you just haven't spoken with her enough in the same kind of situations. Stop dreaming of doing the equivalent of jerking off in your own head, and go and punch her in the face or something. Three: The only reason that I've been even somewhat friendly is because of the event modifier. A peaceful solution was always possible here. Without that, the only time anyone would willingly talk to you - or whatever else your perverted mind can think up - is to keep themselves alive and expand their chances of winning. That includes me, because there's two more challenges with the continuation modifier - but no more events." She stops, then ticks off a fourth finger. "Four: You disgust me."

I make a face. "You kind of already said that last one - but aside from that... huh. Good to know." I frown. "So that means you're going to give me the cold shoulder from now on?"

"Time spent talking costs you and your time limit, so that would be an advantage worth doing for me. But only when you get to a point that it's actually beneficial to do that. Far easier to just kill you, after all." Sophia's eyes alight at the idea.

"It's rude to fantasise about killing your friends." I refocus. "Fine. Back to the important things: It's totally not like jerking off, us hooking up is way more interactive than that. It's a two-way thing. You can deny it all you want, but I think we've got a real connection - I tripped a romance flag somewhere and now you're doing all you can to play hard to get. I actually read a light novel with a plot just like this-"

"Kill yourself." Sophia cuts off my animated speech bluntly. As if the entire challenge responded solely to her will, the ground beneath us starts disappearing as she utters the words.

"I'm serious here!" I protest. "Just the two of us, nobody would even know! The whole slate is wiped clean at the end anyway, what's wrong with messing around a little in between attempts to kill each other?" The silence is not encouraging. I continue, trying to explain away her judgmental stare. "Usually, people are too busy trying to kill me or aren't aware enough to hold a real conversation - but come on, any guy with a world like this that resets and has no real world consequences has to have a few horny thoughts every now and then, right? Honestly, I've been kind of a saint so far on that front-" Sophia's signature look of disgust disappears into the sea of grey and white before she can respond.

I think she likes me. And probably secretly realises that I'm correct on all points.

Tsunderes, right? What can a guy even do?

SUCCESS
Reward: Sophia Hess+​

I start moving my mouth before I can even see what's happening. "Ah, sorry. Didn't think anyone else was in here." I apologise as Sophia comes into view by the sink, brushing her teeth with an annoyed look on her face as she sees me. "I'll wait outside."

Naturally, there was no such thing as a coincidence. I'd taken a leaf out of Taylor's book, hiding my administrator bug in her hair and using it to track her around the house.

She leans over the sink to spit. "I'm brushing my teeth, not taking a shit. I don't need privacy. Stop being a bitch about it."

That was... was that progress? The challenge had said that I'd gotten a relationship reward, but deciphering the extent of that was kind of difficult with Sophia. I got on pretty well with her challenge version, but the difference between actual, genuine hatred and mild, passive deaththreats out of habit was somewhat blurry when it came to Sophia. She was caustic by nature, and genuine moments of praise were few and far between.

But if I just looked at her actions... she hadn't slammed the door in my face yet. That was a good sign. I approach the sink myself, momentarily wondering if I should feel subconscious about my limited-edition Armsmaster-branded toothbrush and its matching bag - but really, there was nothing to worry about there. Objectively, my toothbrush was superior in both collectability, value and function compared to any others in this household. Anyone that dared to comment with anything other than awe was clearly not worth speaking to.

Sophia doesn't comment on it, and I can't help but feel somewhat disappointed at that. Not that I expected her to have a keen eye for collector's items, but still. I'd have appreciated the chance to leap to the defence of the Armsmaster brand.

Well. If she wasn't up for a conversation... I'd just have to leave it there for today. Everyone was winding down for the night in anticipation of what seemed to be an absurdly-long shopping trip tomorrow that had Emma and Madison squealing together as they plotted out their planned route. Still, with the long weekend thanks to school being out on Monday - we still had at least one more night to sleep over even after this one, so I still had plenty of time to bring Sophia on board.

But even if the night was almost over, that didn't mean that I couldn't get a glimpse of my next task.

SOPHIA HESS

Heroine 3/6

(TIME) (ZONE)
​
No CONT modifier. So I probably shouldn't expect to see Sophia talking in this one. Back to old-fashioned murder, I suppose. "Challenge."

A familiar floor appears below me. A familiar ceiling above me. I look to my left, and as expected, see a familiar look across the Bay.

"This works out well for me, actually." I murmur. Usually ZONE modifiers limited me in an unfavourable way, but this was the Protectorate ENE Headquarters. This wasn't my first time being here, Clockblocker's first challenge had me spending days killing time while waiting for him to die. I actually had a few passwords in my head from last time, and a pretty good idea of where all the containment foam grenades and sprayers were stored.

And more importantly, there was a lot of electricity in the walls and floors - the chief cause of why Clockblocker killed me the first time around. Both Sophia and I would have greatly reduced mobility thanks to that.

But that meant nothing if I couldn't find her. The TIME modifier ensured that reinforcements would be on their way if I dallied for too long - which almost certainly meant that wasting time heading to the storage areas below the ground floor would be a quick way to lose. Not that containment foam would be much use here, if the challenge even bothered to spawn the grenades in when setting this area up.

No, what I needed was... electricity. Electrified handcuffs would be nice, but battery-powered appliances - especially those with lengthy cables attached to them - that was what I needed to handle Sophia. Unfortunately, all of the games consoles around here were plugged into the walls - and the only laptop in the area looked a bit too bulky to really be considered a threat to her shadow state.

Not electricity then. I make for the stairs, belatedly noticing that the ZONE actually extended to the floors below me as well. Which was fine, because I was going up - to the Wards personal rooms. Perfumes. Deodoratant. The shadow state didn't play nicely with aerosols, and that was the most accessible offensive weapon I was going to get this round.

I reach my desired floor, and pause. I hadn't seen Sophia on the lower floors, nor in the Wards common room. The console room and armoury was apparently out of bounds, yet all of the Wards and heroes bedrooms were within the ZONE? Including Sophia's? Then, wasn't the most logical place for Sophia to be... on this very floor, in her room?

I opt to tip-toe past Sophia's room. Very slowly. Very quietly. The rooms were fairly sound-proof, but there also wasn't much noise around to mask my steps aside from the persistent hum of electricity and the air-conditioning units overhead. I skip past Clockblocker's door. Too close to Sophia. I move to the end of the corridor. Vista's room. Pin number 041309. Breaking the trend that most other heroes had made by not having her pin be the exact date she joined the Wards, but being off her official announcement date by only a month probably just meant that it was the date of her trigger instead. No points for originality, but that went for well over half the codes in the entire base. At least knocking the doors off of their hinges and working out the locks had kept me entertained while waiting for Clockblocker to die, and now it was paying off - because these doors also had electric wires and locks running through them and simply phasing through wasn't an option.

The door swings open. I find a selection of unopened containers that seem to be likely candidates for my weapon of choice, ripping open a few and spraying each different generic perfume and deodorant into the air to test them. I pick the two that seem to have the most powerful spray, and spin around to prance back the way I came.

Twenty-five steps takes me to Sophia's room. Pin: 112233. No dates for her. Even worse security practices instead. There's no disguising the noise of the beeps, nor the sudden unlocking of the door - but it's too late to worry about that. I summon my ash clone, hand off the spray bottles - and kick the door open.

My ash clone sprints in after me, wordlessly obeying the sole command I gave it: 'Keep spraying'. By the time I'm halfway across the room, my clone is emptying both aerosols into the air on either side of me - we probably looked ridiculous.

But effective, all the same. Sophia's power hated reforming in aerosols. Not quite as much as electricity, but hated it all the same. That wouldn't be a problem if she could leave, but this room - like the rest of the building - was a fortress. In other circumstances, she'd have been alerted to my attempts to intrude long before I managed to get the door open. She'd have peppered me with holes by phasing her bolts through the door. She'd have reinforcements jumping in as the timer ticked down. But the challenge wasn't ready for someone that could just walk in, for someone that had already been here. Now, the strong defences that would have prevented me from getting in - were instead preventing her from getting out.

And that meant that she had to fight, and she doesn't even have time to finish pulling her crossbow from its container before I'm on top of her - my clone merrily blasting the both of us with two spray bottles at full blast, leaving a cloud dense enough to choke on while we both struggle for melee supremacy.

I say struggle, but that's not quite right. Because I was already a match for Sophia when I had no powers and she had all of hers. Not only was Sophia recognising the inherent danger in using her powers right now, but I had no such need to avoid using mine. I rain down blows with ease, my Echo-fuelled strikes crushing any attempt to shift my weight or grapple me away. She shifts once, out of pure desperation to escape - but the laggy, lethargic movement of the cloud only makes it halfway to the door before Sophia drops once more with an agonised scream. I land on top of her exposed back, grab her neck and wrench - the immediate, automatic shift into her shadow state faltering almost immediately. The second wrench gets no such reaction, and I'm rewarded with a loud crack for my efforts.

"Think I'm a bit overqualified for this one." I hum to myself.

SUCCESS
Reward: Shadow State (2)​

A clear on the first attempt. That always felt good, but maybe I shouldn't be surprised. Challenges tended to increase linearly in difficulty, the fact that I'd been stuck on Sophia's second one for so long was just a matter of the tools available to me. If you consider the actual, expected difficulty of the encounter... you didn't need to be as strong or skilled as I am now. Any electricity-based power was an instant-win against Sophia, putting obstacles, knowledge-checks and time pressure in my way should have been a big step-up in difficulty for a version of me that had focused harder on New Wave and therefore won against Sophia in the first half-dozen attempts.

I sharpen my eyes as her challenge box swims back into sight. Back to the CONT modifier, perhaps?

Sophia Hess

Heroine 4/6

(ALRT) (HUNT)
​
Guess not. Considering she said that there were two CONT modifiers remaining, that meant that both of her final challenges would have it. Which made sense. A lot of my advantages in a fight came from my opponent not knowing my toolkit. Having to reveal my tricks in one round and having them known and accounted for in the next was one way of keeping the difficulty up for a power that wasn't exactly top-tier.

ALRT and HUNT were a pretty standard, if unpleasant combination that came up a lot. In Sophia's hands... I was going to get sniped through the walls. It was obvious, the HUNT modifier let her track me through walls and her power let her bolts ignore them - and the ALRT meant that she would start doing it immediately before she ever set eyes on me. A dream combination.

So I either needed to wait for her to run out of ammunition, or draw her out to somewhere she can't easily retreat from.

"Challenge." I don't recognise the exact building that spawns in around me, but I don't need to. Seeing no sign of my opponent nearby, I hurl myself towards the nearest window as fast as I can - phasing through it and shrinking the distance between myself and the ground enough that the second-story jump is merely jarring instead of potentially-crippling. I keep running in a straight line, making sure to weave from side-to-side - not even daring to stop long enough to switch into my speed-state, a thought vindicated as a bolt races over my shoulder and embeds itself into a nearby dumpster. The angle was... I'd have to come back and check it at some point, but certainly not the building I just came from. A neighbouring roof? It was too hard to tell without being able to stop and properly work out the direction.

Stick to the plan. Escaping the immediate area was the best play. Too many of my defensive tools required at least a bit of warning or knowledge of which direction to defend myself from. Even if my speed-state put me at the same level as a speeding car, a decent crossbow like hers would fire at three, four times that speed. That wasn't something I could dodge or even react to reliably, I'd be counting entirely on dodging her attempts to aim at me rather than the bolt itself - which should be just as effective as dodging gunfire, except for the part where she didn't actually need line of sight to hit me. She could be in any room, any building. Every step would be another potential ambush, and I'm pretty sure that Glory Girl's shield wouldn't save me if she nailed the timing and made her bolt appear inside me.

After thirty seconds of not being fired on, I start to doubt myself. Sure, there was no ZONE modifer keeping me here. But there was also no particular reason to think that Sophia would blindly chase after me so that I could confront her in an open field somewhere. I wasn't dealing with a rookie Shadow Stalker anymore. This was, presumably, something a lot closer to her current self. Someone who was well-used to ambush tactics and had a reserve of patience to burn through that her previous counterparts lacked. The challenge would punish me for stalling if it came to it, I was the one that needed to eventually confront her - not necessarily the other way around.

But none of my challenges had ever abused that fact. Yes, there was a certain soft-enrage that happened if I dragged things out without progressing them - a stacking Brute and Mover modifier that would let even a toddler bust down a wall and cave in my chest with one finger if taken to extremes, even if that would take days of deliberate inactivity to get to that level. But nobody had ever tried to avoid me with the intention of abusing that. It wasn't a part of their skillset, it was just to stop me from dragging out the simulation forever if they lacked the tools to catch me. So surely Shadow Stalker wouldn't just ignore me, if she had the capability to follow?

I slip into my speed-state, the momentary paralysis going unpunished as I pace side-to-side - watching the buildings I just came from for any sign of what my nemesis was doing. Avoiding conflict wasn't like her, so what was the aim here? I'd expect her to be sniping me constantly, abusing the fact that tracking her down in a sea of office blocks and residential housing was going to be a nightmare - but there was nothing. Yet.

But equally, it wasn't like Shadow Stalker to just sit still. So what was she doing instead?

That question goes unanswered for another minute, my sidesteps evolving into a light circular jog as I'm forced to concede that she might have managed to circle away from that block and flanked me. Presenting a difficult-to-aim-at target was the best I could reliably do here.

And then I see a mass of shadow gliding across from one rooftop to the next. Not towards me, not even perpendicular to me. Undoubtedly, she was moving away at an angle. The mental gears in my head click all at once: She had the exact same thought as me. If my route to victory involved either luring her into the open, or exhausting her ammo - then if I didn't come to her, she could simply take all the time in the world and sweep up every supply cache in the city before confronting me. Instead of twenty or thirty bolts to work through, I'd have to deal with potentially hundreds before she ran out - assuming that she couldn't access the actual armoury where there were doubtless thousands more somewhere.

I swear lightly, setting off after her at a dead sprint. I'd misjudged her. Too used to opponents lunging at me with whatever they had on hand to consider the possibility that they might back off for supplies and weapons just like I had many times before. I shift my momentum to the side as a bolt impacts the road in front of me, the unnatural attachment at the end flashing once before containment foam erupts outwards - not quite fast enough to tag me, but only because my perception and reactions were boosted in this state. I glance up to the rooftops, but any glimpse of the girl I had is now long gone.

I shift out of my speed-state once I've made it to the last spot I saw her at. Nothing. Not a glimpse of movement for miles around. She could be below my feet right now, or five-hundred metres down the road. In a city this size, I'd never catch her again. And that meant that I was dead. I probably wouldn't even see the bolt that killed me coming now that I'd lost track of her.

Well. Fine. I hadn't expected to win the first time anyway. I had access to Sophia for all of tomorrow, and most of the day after as well. I'd work something out.

In the meantime, I'll play around with my upgraded Shadow State. I'd already noticed the most significant change: The single slot in my mind had fragmented into three, and as I activate it - one slot winks out and starts refilling. Still one second, it seems - but I've still got two more charges, so if I chain into the next one... the next slot winks out, then the final one as well. Three seconds after initially vanishing into smoke, I touch back down on the rooftop.

Nice. The one-second limit had its frustrations, so a way to alleviate that was appreciated. The first charge was already halfway back to being restored, but the second was refilling noticeable slower and the third was even slower than that. Different cooldowns for each one. Somewhere close to the original cooldown for the first, something closer to twenty for the second - and I'd eyeball the third as somewhere around forty seconds to recharge.

And finally... I hold up an arm in front of my face. Then hit my first slot as it finishes charging. This time, my arm is the only thing to turn into smoke. Selective phasing, just like the current Sophia does. A bit limited, with three one-second blocks to spend across my entire body - but it opened up possibilities. A one-second charge across my entire body, a second on my body apart from my arm - would that let me land a solid punch out of thin-air? If it was exactly like Sophia's power, it would lack some of the weight behind it - but she still packed a punch like that all the same. I could probably reach through walls to grab something, or a bag or whatever - one second to step through, another to leave just my arm alone so that I could grab the item - and then the final charge to apply to myself and anything I was holding.

Or more importantly, I could do the reverse. I could do that with a grenade. Even just a containment foam grenade would do. The previous version of my power had been all-or-nothing, which meant that any 'deliveries' would leave me on the same side as the item I was dropping. Without that limitation... the PRT armoury and the containment foam grenades just got a lot more valuable in the instances where they hadn't been restricted or emptied out by whatever intelligence it was that decided how unfair the challenge should be for me.

I shift one hand and attempt to push it into my body, only to be rebuffed as it expires. A second attempt is interrupted - any further contemplation cut off by a crossbow bolt sprouting from my stomach. And then erupting into a burst of electricity. A second sharp pain in my forehead hits me just a few seconds later, as I'm still twitching incoherently on the ground.

FAILURE
​
Still got the electricity weakness then. Of course.

And at least I know that she can get access to her Tinkertech bolts. She so rarely gets to use them in her fights that I wasn't sure if they would show up, but I guess this means that she has access to all of her special bolts - and maybe a few that haven't even been seen by the public yet.

And, you know? Even without the sex, the power, the feeling of progression... that was something cool all on its own. I'd do this even without any of those benefits, because it was genuinely fucking cool and downright rare to see heroes and villains put their full arsenal to the test. The powerscaler in me couldn't help but squeal sometimes when I get killed in a new and novel way, no matter how agonising and traumatising it is at the time - I've got to admit that I'd rather be the Greg that knew how fucking fast Armsmaster could bisect a normal human than the one who could only watch takedown videos from the safety of his room. I could only imagine how the difference would be for a bloodlusted Dauntless, Eidolon or Alexandria. Some things you could only appreciate in person. And some things would just never be seen without my power switching those pesky morals off.

I blink back to reality, the awareness of my administrator bug in Sophia's hair telling me that she'd turned to look at me even before my vision was restored.

"What are you grinning about?" Sophia quizzes me sourly.

"I'm not allowed to smile now?" I defend myself with an expression of faux-outrage. "What can I say, it's been a fun day - hasn't it?"

"It was fine." Sophia grunts.

I grin. "Oh, don't be like that. You were enjoying yourself. Nothing wrong with admitting that."

"If I hated this kind of thing, I wouldn't even have decided to show up." Sophia's expression takes on a very familiar expression of irritation. "Any other smart comments today?"

"Jeez." I whistle. "What did I do? Can't help but feel that you've got a grudge against me recently." I tilt my head. "Or, should I say - who did I do? Don't tell me you're worried I'm going to steal Emma away from you."

She lunges forward, and it's all I can do to not thrust my thumb at her eye on pure instinct as she grabs my collar. Right. No powers. No serious fighting. Just a little roughhousing. Chill, Greg. "Listen." She growls at me. "Emma can handle herself. She's a survivor, she can handle it if you use her a bit and string her along before letting her go. But-" Her grip tightens. "-don't think that means that I'll just let you get away with that. She's my friend. Fuck with her, you fuck with me. I get that you feel the need to swing your dick around and try to feel important now that you've got a taste of what it's like to not be at the bottom of the pile - but just remember the reason you're not still down there. We picked you up, if we drop you again - you're back to nothing, and you'll be getting off lucky if we stop there."

"Please. Even Emma wouldn't try to take full credit like that." I hiss back at her. "And I've always been crystal-clear with Emma about what I'm doing. I'm not exactly much of a romantic and I'm not willing to commit right now, she accepted what I was offering and that was the end of it. She's a big girl, right? She wanted to get laid, she got laid. She doesn't need you hanging over her shoulder making scary faces at anyone who dares give her exactly what she asked for." I smirk. "Or begged for, should I say-" She slams me against the wall. "-and the same goes for Madison too, come to think of it. She's been making fuck-me eyes at me all evening, ever since Emma mentioned that I wasn't taken. Do you want to do a separate shovel-speech now about her, or is it just Emma that you care about?"

"It's none of my business what you do, or who you do it with - even if I think it's a dumb mistake, it's something they'll just have to learn from. All I'm doing is giving you a warning. I'm just reminding you about the food chain. You aren't at the top of it. You keep them happy like your life depends on it. You fuck up, and I'll leave you wishing that you were dead." A few months ago, I'd be pissing myself right now.

"Treating me like I'm some crying little bitch trying to join the Empire for protection? I don't care about all of your predator roleplay bullshit. I don't care about how pissed off you are about the fact that I turned your best friend into my personal onahole, and I'm working my way towards doing the same to your second best friend. You're just going to have to deal with it." I lean forward. "I'm not afraid of you, Sophia."

A beat of silence. One. Two.

For a moment, I thought that I'd misjudged her.

And then, as expected, her fist hammers into my face. I was expecting it, so I roll with it - and then lunge at her.
I would have loved to say that it was a hard-fought battle. A struggle for both sides. Skill and brawn being stretched to their limit in equal measure.

That would have been true a few weeks ago. Maybe even just a few days.

But after a minute, Sophia has her back on the floor - desperately fighting off a pin as she belatedly realises that I win in a physical content of strength. Every attempted grapple is countered, every blow turned aside. I'd seen all of these moves, but better. With more intent to seriously wound, if not kill. I could see the aborted motions where she was stopping herself from phasing out and punishing my commitment to the tackle, but this wasn't a simulation. If she used her powers, she would just be outing herself.

"Looks like I win." I breathe, as Sophia continues to wordlessly struggle.

"Are you okay? I heard something fall." Emma's voice approaches, getting closer with every moment. I shove the door fully shut with my foot.

"It's just me!" I call back, Sophia quietening her struggle to avoid drawing attention to herself. "I was going to take a quick shower, but the floor was already wet and I slipped."

"Alright, as long as you're okay." Emma hums, then turns sly. "You know, I could join you if you want-"

"Very tempting, but Sophia would have a fit if she heard you saying something like that." I laugh airily. "Honestly, I can't help but feel a bit worried about what might happen if she started a fight with me because of how overprotective she is of you." Sophia's eyes light up with fury at my unsubtle teasing.

"Sophia isn't like that. She's all about standing up for yourself and dealing with consequences on your own." Emma clearly disagrees. "But you're probably right - she'd throw a fit if she saw what we were up to. Actually, have you seen her? She slipped off when I wasn't looking, I thought she might be over here but..."

I look down at the dark-skinned girl beneath me. "Haven't seen her." The lie challenges Sophia to make a noise and disprove it. All she'd have to do is make enough of a scene for Emma to open the door... and see her best friend beaten on the floor.

"She might have gone out, I guess - she sometimes does that." Emma's voice trails off. "N-nevermind that. I'm sure she's around somewhere." The deflection is weak, but I don't do anything to challenge it - Emma is probably assuming she hopped out to kick a random hobo's ass or something. That sounded like a Sophia-thing to do in her free time. "I might go look for her. See you, Greg."

"Later, Emma." I echo.

We both watch the door as her footsteps fade away.

"You can say 'Thank you' whenever you like." I turn my attention back to Sophia with a grin. "I figured you wouldn't want your friend to know that you picked a fight over something stupid, only to get your ass handed to you immediately. All that talk about predator and prey, it would all kind of fall apart seeing you pinned on the floor. Maybe she'd think something else, we've tried something pretty similar to this position before-"

"In your dreams." Sophia snarls. "You haven't seen anything from me yet. Just try it, and I'll cut off your-"

"I wasn't insinuating anything towards you." I roll my eyes. "Honestly, get your mind out of the gutter. There's two girls in this house that are two words away from jumping me at any given moment, and you think I'm going to try and rape you instead? Be serious. I'm just saying, Emma would probably jump to the conclusion that you wanted to end up like this. I know what she's like, and I'm sure that she'd much rather believe that you got a little horny and opted in to some heavy petting in the bathroom, than accept the reality that your might-makes-right ideals mean that I'm the top dog - and not you. You've got a reputation, after all. This is a damaging kind of look. I didn't want to take that away from you. This can be our little secret."

"Is that supposed to be an attempt at blackmail?" Sophia snorts. "Just what do you take me for? Some crying toddler that can't handle ending up on the wrong end of a friendly scrap? You have nothing on me. And my position is unchanged. I was just making sure you understood that. If there was a next time, if I took it more seriously-" The rest of the threat goes unspoken.

"Oh, you weren't serious?" I challenge. "Shall we try again? I'll let you up, and we can see how quickly we get back to this spot with you trying your hardest."

"Fuck off." Sophia dismisses my challenge. This is probably the point where she would stomp away, but she's still firmly pinned to the floor.

"I feel like we got a bit antagonistic for no reason. We should be friends, right?" I shift my grip on her wrist. "Don't get me wrong, I've got a lot of respect for you being ready to jump me if I put a foot wrong around your friends. It's kind of hard to be upset at a reason like that. I understand your message. And I hope you understand mine as well: I'm not afraid of you. I'm not intimidated by you. I'm stronger than you." I lean into my grip on her arms to prove the point. "I'm going to do whatever the hell I want. But the things I want, they don't involve being a dick to people for no reason. It's way cooler to have twenty chicks swooning over me and how awesome I am than to just be a complete asshole to everyone. Does that make sense?"

She holds my gaze for a moment, then looks to the side. "Tch. Whatever."

I roll my eyes. This conversation was almost a little weird for me. I wasn't used to this power dynamic with Sophia. It was pretty rare for me to be in a position of physical dominance like this. "Fine, fine. It's not like I'm going to keep you prisoner until you agree that I'm fucking awesome or anything. As long as we get each other, we've got enough in common to work things out."

"We have nothing in common." She denies flatly as I let her up, the girl practically springing to her feet. For a moment, I half expect her to throw a punch at me again. Nothing.

"So you're actually really looking forward to this shopping trip tomorrow?" I probe dubiously. "Wow. I didn't believe the other two at the time, but you really do have a girly-side."

"Nothing important in common." She corrects. "Keep your delusions to yourself."

"I don't know, I can throw a pretty good punch - and it looks like you can as well." I nurse my cheek. "What happens if my beautiful face bruises? What will I say to Emma?"

"That you fell over in the shower. Like a moron." Sophia drawls.

I pout. "I feel like you're being harsh to someone who's kind of doing you a favour."

"I feel like I'm not being harsh enough to someone who just called my friend a living onahole." Sophia snaps back.

I make a face. "I mean, not in a bad way! I was just going for a vivid description of how things went down, and besides, she kind of likes that kind of talk-"

"Stop. I don't want to hear it." Sophia makes a show of plugging her ears and makes a disgusted face at me. "Just... be cool, and we won't have any issues."

I wink. "Cool is my default-state, no worries there."

Sophia has a mix of emotions on her face. Eventually, she sighs and shakes her head. "Whatever. See you, Greg."

I incline my head at her. "See you, Sophia." She brushes past me and escapes out the door.

It must say something about that girl, that I was pretty sure we were now better friends than before she punched me. Challenge-Sophia was right. Of course she was.

I whip my clothes off. I guess I'm having a shower, if only to keep Emma from realising I was completely making our conversation up. My hand is halfway to the dial, when I notice my administrator bug fast-approaching once more - followed by loud footsteps echoing down the corridor.

I could cover myself up... but this could also be kind of funny.

"Forgot my-" Sophia bursts through the door, only to completely freeze at the full-frontal view she gets of me. "-what are you doing? Do you have any shame?" She switches from stunned to infuriated in an instant.

I spread my hands out. "Having a shower, just like I told Emma I was doing when I had you sulking on the floor? After you assaulted me?" I remind her.

"Naked!" She hisses. "Why didn't you lock it? Or say something, I wasn't exactly quiet when I was walking here. One word, and I'd have known that it wasn't safe to come in!"

"I thought you were Emma." I lie blandly.

It takes a moment before the meaning behind that response filters through, but her expression turning murderous tells me that she understood exactly where my thoughts had gone.

"I hope you drown in the shower." She tells me bluntly.

"Unlikely to happen. And I thought you said you didn't care about what Emma and I do anymore? Why are you getting angry now? I thought we were going to be cool?" I pretend to be oblivious to the obvious answers to those questions with an innocent expression etched onto my face.

"This has nothing to do with her. This is about you being a pervert and how it's impacting me." Sophia growls. "I just came to grab-" She swipes something from the sink. "-this. And instead I come face-to-face with you flaunting your body without a sense of shame. Just turn the shower on like a normal person already!"

"First off, I have nothing to be ashamed of." I glance down, then back up at her. Her eyes follow me down, then blaze back up to mine with renewed fury as if it was my fault that she looked. "Second, I'm not flaunting anything. I was literally just about to turn the shower on when yu burst in. You knew what I was going to do when you left, why are you even acting surprised now?" I cross my arms. "And thirdly, you're calling me the pervert - but then why are you still looking?"

Her mouth drops open at the idea that I was accusing her of being the pervert now. She lets out a slightly-insane laugh of disbelief. "You- I can't believe how delusional you actually are. It's actually kind of impressive, being able to develop so much arrogance - so much ego - in such a short amount of time. I'm really impressed."

"I get that a lot." I drawl, looking to the side and turning the shower on - flinching back as the cold water splashes down, I take a full step away to let the water warm up. I turn towards her as her eyes snap upwards to lock with mine once more. "But fine, I could have locked it. But admit it, it's not like I was actively planning for you to come back and catch an eyeful. I figured you were done here - that's fair, isn't it?"

She shakes her head. "Just... whatever. I only came here for this." She clutches the item in her hand like a lifeline. "Keep me out of your perverted dreams, and we'll leave it there."

She scurries for the exit again, the second time in as many minutes. I can't quite fight the twitch of my lips at the hasty retreat.

I mentally track the administrator bug in her hair as it bobs and sways down the corridor, second left - then settles down as Sophia sits down on something. Or just lets her hair down. Or moved in a slightly weird way. Honestly, I don't even know how Taylor can even parse this data into anything useful - but just the general location is good enough for me. With that pervert settling down, I should probably avail myself of the hot water-

I turn my head as the door opens again.

"You really should lock this, you know." Madison hums. "It's just asking for trouble to leave it open. Especially when locking it is so easy, see?" She tilts the lock down, then shunts it into position firmly.

"I see." I echo.

"Something I've learned from previous sleepovers-" Madison fiddles with her shirt. "-is that some of the walls around here are much thinner than you would think. If you're in the right room, you can hear pretty much anything you want. I've gotten pretty used to being woken up by Emma trying to sing in the shower, and that's going to go double when I'm sitting just on the other side of this wall when a certain conversation is happening."

"Did anything in particular stand out?" I affix my gaze to her chest as the shirt falls away, followed by her bra a moment later.

"A few things." She confirms drily. "And while I feel like you've got the wrong idea about me on a few points, I figure that it isn't that important as long as we're on the same page here and now." More fabric falls down around her ankles. "I'll admit, after we enjoyed that lovely movie together - I was a little disappointed to hear you say that you had assumed Emma was your visitor. Did I really mean that little to you?"

"I wouldn't say that." I shrug. "It's just hard to be sure what your intentions are. I know Emma better, that's all. It's something she would do, while I'm not quite as sure with you. Though, I'm certainly willing to find out."

"Hmph." She sets her watch next to the sink, turning and facing me - every bit as nude as I am. "I suppose that's fair. There wasn't much room to chat back then."

"And there is now?" I probe her.

She shakes her head. "Sadly, I'm not in much of a talking mood now either. I just came here for a nice, pleasant shower. That's all."

"Is that so?" I mirror her gesture. "Then by all means: The water's already warm for you."

"A true gentleman." Madison demurs, stepping past me - brushing past my semi-erect cock with the gentlest of touches before standing just at the edge of the rushing water, lone rivulets of water splashing up and racing down her slender form as she turns to face me with an almost-taunting look on her face. "The only trouble is, I'm not actually all that dirty yet."

I smile. "And I suppose you think I can fix that for you."

"I've had a chat or two with Emma." She responds blandly. "I'm told you have the right kind of skillset, and she was very enthusiastic in suggesting that I give you a trial out."

I step forward, approaching full-mast at the girl unashamedly exposing herself to me and practically daring me to do something about it. "Is that what this is? A fun experience? A one night stand to brag about to your friends?"

"Sure-" There's a note of hesitation in her voice, but it's gone by the time she continues. "You've made your position clear, and I've already told you about my aspirations. I'm not looking to stir up petty drama between friends arguing over one guy-" She coughs, slightly red-cheeked. "-not that Emma seemed inclined to argue, but the point remains. Statistically, any relationship in school at this age is likely to break up within a few months - let alone the years required to make it through to when we're completely done with our education. This is harmless. It's fun. For both of us. So why not? Is there a problem with that?"

"Not at all." I shrug. "It's just as you say. There's nothing wrong with it, so you can come crawling back as much as you like for seconds - that won't bother me in the slightest."

"Big words, I hope you can live up to them." She smirks at me.

"I will. But not right now." I tell her, a flicker of consternation appearing on her face at that. "You see, I just didn't feel like you really had your heart into that little handjob you gave me earlier. Why don't you drop to your knees, and give my cock the attention that it really deserves?"

"I suppose that's fair. But if I end up disappointed afterwards, I'm telling Emma you have performance issues." She sinks to her knees, then crawls forward - coming to a stop close enough that her breath caresses my dick as she breathes out. She looks up at me, the hint of red in her expression deepening. "It might be best if you take the lead, I understand the basics but- theory isn't always... you know-"

What a diplomatic way to say that she had no idea what she was doing. "You seemed to have the right idea before, but why don't you use those tits of yours instead of just your hands? I don't expect you to be as good as Emma, but I realised you had the right kind of body type for it once those clothes came off." I'd mentally classified Madison as 'cute and petite' before, but hadn't quite appreciated the importance of ratios and what might happen with a few less pieces of fabric holding her back. Her tits were a nice handful, definitely enough to put to work around my cock. Her first few efforts to find a comfortable position are both amusing and erotic to watch, mounds of titflesh being groped and moulded, pushed and shoved this way and that against my unyielding rod - before at last she settles into something she finds comfortable.

"Like this?" She looks up at me for approval, both breasts pressed inwards and around my shaft.

"A good start." I tell her. I take control for a moment, guiding my cock up the tunnel that had been made for me - pressing against her mouth insistently. "Lick." I order, and she complies with a hesitant nod. "Now, down. Up. Down." I watch her work. "Between your mouth, tits and tongue - that's all you need to make me blow my load all over you. You can do it."

It takes her a minute or so of coaching to get into the rhythm of it, the feeling of her tongue running along the underside of my shaft is accompanied by the slight shifting and squishing of her tits against the upper half of my cock - twin sensations that combine to make an experience that I can't help but enjoy despite the obvious lack of expertise. And it wasn't just about what she was doing, it was also about who was doing it. She might not be a Cape, but just like Emma - she was once one of those untouchable people at Winslow. A social tier that was little more than a distant star to the nerds and geeks arguing at the back of the IT classroom over whether Eidolon could solo the rest of the Triumvirate or not.

And now? Now she was just one more nervous girl in a fast-growing line of them, eager to please and all too happy to hand over any sense of dignity and pride that she might have had just a few weeks ago. She was mine now. Still coming to terms with it, but mine all the same. The mask of the socialite with an easy life planned out in front of her was just that, a mask. Her true self was being born right in front of me. A horny slut that found purpose and delight into milking every reaction out of me possible, weaponising her natural talents to work my shaft top to bottom.

Not for the last time, I wonder what Taylor would make of this. Before our little argument, I'd thought of making it a little present for her. 'By the way, I turned your once-proud bullies into my personal cumsluts - they won't be bothering you anymore.' Something like that. Nowadays, it almost seemed like the reverse was fated to happen. I'd probably be done with converting, reforming and bonding with the new versions of the Trio before Taylor was ever ready to apologise to my civilian self. Emma's ideas for how to accept that apology when it eventually came... they definitely had their merits. When I was done with the entire Trio, I was actually looking forward to what ideas they came up with together. Not that I was looking to join in on bullying Taylor, I was just interested in the sexy ways she might be convinced to try in the name of earning my forgiveness.

Well. Knowing how stubborn Taylor was, that was just a pipedream. She'd probably rather become homeless and powerless than admit she just assumed the worst of me and that she was in the wrong. She wasn't that good at being honest.

Unlike Madison, who was getting into this now. She'd settled into her optimal rhythm - and between the tight tunnel that she'd formed for my dick, the teasing tongue lashing at my tip and the enthusiastic pace she was setting, it looked like I was going to have to disappoint her by telling her it was all going to be over for a moment.

Or, not telling her, perhaps. It was one thing when it was in her mouth, but there was a certain quiet appeal in the first blast of cum catching a girl off-guard. Yes, they might get a bit upset with me - but it also skipped the momentary panic of 'What do I do?' with the simple, aesthetically pleasing answer of 'Get covered in cum'.

With Madison's head slightly obscuring my vision, I don't quite get to see the impact of the first rope of cum released into her face - but by the time she lets out a surprised yelp and pulls her face away, her face has already been completely plastered with my seed. Strings dangle down her upturned face to connect to her neck and tits, and she breaks the tight seal her tits have made around my cock to bring her hands up to her face - wiping away a large blob that threats to drip into her eye. I jerk myself off while she reels, sending a few more strings across her torso - linking up with the light rivers already flowing down and around the proud orbs on her chest.

"That went-" Madison looks down at herself sheepishly. "-well? I think?"

"That was excellent." I praise her, and she practically glows at the compliment.

"I didn't think you'd cum that much. Or that fast, come to think of it." She pulls one gooey string from her cheek, causing it to slide and droop onto her shoulder. "Does that mean- well. You're done, right?" She blinks up at me. "Not that I mind, I didn't expect this to be so fun - we can save the rest for another time, I get that boys need to recover-" She pauses as I pull her up, likely noting that the cock she just spent so much time milking - is already ready for more.

"No need to worry about that." I inform her. "Now, hands against the wall."

I can almost hear the nervous swallow, and if I wasn't hard already - something about the meek, nervous obedience mixed with obvious anticipation would have had me ready to go in an instant.

I trace Madison's newly exposed folds with a pair of fingers. Soaked, in a way that had nothing to do with the shower still going full-blast not even two full steps away from us. "You're sure about this?" It wasn't even a real question. A polite fiction, seeking an answer that I already knew. If I hadn't fully cleared her challenges, I might not have pushed it - taken things slower, let her decide the pace on her own terms. But now? She was mine. And I was going to make sure that she knew that too.

"If I wasn't, I wouldn't have come in here in the first place." Madison tells me over her shoulder. The light swaying of her body is enough to press against my cock, threatening to start things herself even if I wasn't planning to move for some reason.

That's the pleasantries over with. Maybe it's not that great of me to sit here considering her consent as a yawn-worthy given and little more than a checkbox that I feel kind of obliged to do out of habit rather than some absolute necessity with appropriate moral weight - but at the same time, it was kind of weird to start thinking of that as a problem after I've rewritten her personality into being Greg-sexual. "That's what I figured." I grip her hips, and press forward. She gasps, a broken intake of air that never goes anywhere - an aborted noise that's rapidly stifled as her flower opens up to accept me.

And then I'm inside her.

There's no preamble, no attempt to make things slow and gentle for her. She knows what she wants, and I'm all too happy to oblige her. I'm straight to pounding away at her. The only thing to watch out for is the wet surface beneath us. The nearby shower splashing and making the floor just wet enough that I might slip if I'm not careful. But that isn't enough to deter me when I have a beautiful girl in front of me, begging me in frantic whispers to keep going. And what kind of man would I be if I failed to obey?

The repeated slaps of her body colliding against mine fills the room, muffled only by the persistent drone of the shower and the water splashing uselessly into the drain. Madison seems to be struggling to handle the pace, or at least - struggling not to make a noise. One hand comes away from the wall to cover her mouth, but that only gives me more room to fuck her into the wall harder and faster. With the effects of our coupling becoming more and more obvious I elect to quicken the pace, watching her body shake helplessly with every thrust - feeling each shudder and shake through my handholds on her hips.

Her legs wobble and her hands slip a few times, only remaining standing up thanks to my firm grip - and I can't help but notice that her moans are starting to become louder, her words becoming more urgent. "F-fuck!" She exclaims, any sense of composure long since leaving her body. "I-I'm gonna-" The rest of the sentence goes uncompleted, but it doesn't need to be vocalised. I'm all too familiar with the female body by now, and I've found that the best thing to do is keep fucking her right through her climax. May as well help them get the most out of the whole 'multiple orgasms' thing, right? And if nothing else, it's a sign that what I'm doing is right and I should just keep on doing that if I want them to keep feeling good.

Truly, I am a saint.

"I'm going to cum." I grunt at her.

"Ah-" Madison starts at that. "Should-should you pull out? I'm not really ready for-"

"Too late to worry about that." I tell her, never slowing my pace for a second. "Between pre-cum, and the fact that we didn't exactly clean up after you gave me that titjob - the risk has already happened at this point. It doesn't really matter if we pull out now. Talk to Emma about whatever she uses if you're worried."

One of these days, I'd run into a girl that kind of fancied the idea of actually having a kid with an irresponsible teenager with too much power and not particularly caring about getting his opinion on that fact. There were doubtless a lot of women out there with that mentality, and I'd probably gotten kind of lucky that all of my current girls were either responsible enough to know better or had a lot to lose by dropping out and becoming mothers. But... even if someone decided to not bother with pills or whatever contraceptive method they preferred, I wasn't that bothered. I'd probably be a shit father, but they probably wouldn't mind that if I'd cleared enough of their challenges to fuck them.

And either way, the problems were nine months away. In nine months, I'd either be dead, birdcaged or a living god. Preferably the latter. But none of those options cared much about an extra kid or two lying around. Not that I was worried about Madison. She was far too put together to put her future plans in jeopardy with a kid.

"I- I guess so-" Madison seems to agree with my point of view. "If we've already come this far... then go ahead. Fill me up!"

I don't need any further encouragement. I lodge myself deep inside her core, erupting in her warm, welcoming depths. A flood of cum painting her inner walls white and marking her as mine forevermore. She'd never, ever come back from this. She was every bit my cocksleeve now, just the same as Emma. She'd never find a man to replace me, my challenges had moulded her into my woman - and in turn, made her dream partner exactly like me. I hold there for a moment, both of us panting in sync - and then I move to pull out. The walls of her pussy clamp down on me, not allowing a single drop remaining in my shaft to escape as I slowly extract my length from inside her. Only when I've fully unsheathed my cock does the fruit of my handiwork start leaking out of her abused slit, a slow trickle of cum that does nothing to truly show the size of the load still held inside of her.

We stand there in silence for a moment, gathering ourselves without feeling a need to talk.

"That was-" Madison clears her throat. "-nice."

"Who said we were done?" I quirk an eyebrow, a mischievous smile on my face.

"Huh?" Madison looks a little wide-eyed at that.

I tilt my head at the long-forgotten shower. "Well. There's a perfectly good shower right there, wasting enough water to make Leviathan feel inadequate - it would be a shame not to use the opportunity to clean up."

Madison smiles at that. "You're absolutely right. I mean, even if I wanted to I couldn't leave the room like this-" She gestures at the cum still hanging down her chest and the side of her face. "To be honest, I completely forgot that the entire reason we did this was to get dirty enough to warrant using it in the first place."

"The entire reason." I echo with a straight face.

She sighs loudly. Too loudly. "The only trouble is, I can barely stand right now." She takes a half step towards the shower, wiggling her ass at me mid-step as she looks back over her shoulder. "I don't suppose I could convince you to help me out?"

"As if you needed to ask." I grin, hands already coming up to knead and grope at her curves.

All in the name of proper hygiene, of course.

Madison and I re-enter the room together. The response is immediate. Emma bursts into a wide grin, giving Madison a huge thumbs-up - while Sophia-

-gives me the biggest death glare I've received yet. "Die." She says.

"Don't say that! We should be happy for Madison!" Emma enthuses. "I mean, I figured she would go for it - but wow! I didn't even realise there was anyone else in the room with Greg but now I realise why he didn't open the door!" Sophia stops glaring at me for a moment, looking uncomfortable at the topic.

"Ehe-" Madison scratches her head. "I really thought the shower would drown out any noise we made. Probably should have guessed you could hear us."

"And the entire neighbourhood, probably." Sophia mutters darkly.

"Don't be jealous." Madison grins. "I'm sure if you asked nicely-"

"Finish that sentence at your own peril." Sophia warns. Madison makes a zipping motion. Sophia shakes her head in slow disbelief at the two beaming girls. "Un-fucking-believable. What are you two even thinking?" Her gaze returns to me. "I swear to any god that's listening. If you try any funny business with anyone tonight, I will end you. In fact, all of the girls can sleep in this room - and I'll guard the door."

"Well. Madison and I can share the bed if you want to do that." Emma muses. "But if you're going to be a guard anyway, it wouldn't exactly be a problem if Greg was in here with us - would it?"

"Absolutely not." Sophia denies flatly.

"Afraid of something happening?" Madison taunts.

"You two are clearly just as bad as him." Sophia hits back. "It's not happening."

I raise my hands in surrender. "Don't worry. I'm not planning any trouble." Tonight. "Where am I sleeping though?"

"The kennels." I flip off Sophia.

"There's a guest bedroom two doors down." Emma sends a mock glare at Sophia. "We didn't actually make the bed because we figured the entire point of a sleepover is that we all sleep together-"

"You've done a great job of that already-" Sophia snarks.

Emma pauses, then concedes the point and unintended wordplay. "-but you can slap the airbed down there and treat it as yours."

"Challenge." I whisper as the argument continues.

This time, I stay still. Two seconds. Three seconds. Four seconds.

Thunk. The bolt hits me in the neck. Left side. Upwards angle. Below me, not across the street - but maybe the office block next to this one, and a floor or two down? Useful information.

FAILURE​

"-We'll bribe Sophia to not be a prude tomorrow at the mall, and we'll get you back in here." Emma promises.

"Over my dead body."

What a choice in wording, Sophia. Because that is exactly the plan.

AN: I lost the double-spaced lines at some point when copy-pasting this. I think I re-did them all, but if two paragraphs blend into each other, that's why.

The next chapter just went up on my Patreon. Another 28k words for anyone with a few quid to spare. Naturally, once the next update is done - it will appear here as usual for free. Patreon will stay one chapter ahead.

Next up, I've been promising up and down this year to finally update the re-written Lockhart story and catch up to where I left off and beyond - and that's going to be my writing mission for the next few weeks. After I've bashed out a few updates for that, an update for Duellist will be on the cards.

I'm too lazy to update the challenge sheet. It's Christmas. See? I'm honest this time. I'm not going to do it in the morning. I'm going to procrastinate instead. Understanding that I have a problem is the first step, or something like that.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:cardboredpie, coldpyr0, Toddball and 780 others
Tamzar
Dec 22, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Feb 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,745
Morning comes with the scent of bacon and eggs wafting into my room and a distant argument that I can't quite make out.

Rise and shine, Greg.

I'm not even halfway-dressed before the door opens, Emma barging in with a plate and looking mildly disappointed at the sight of me. Whether that was because I was already awake, or that she'd just barely missed out on catching an eyeful - whatever the case, her disappointment couldn't possibly match mine as Sophia appears behind Emma with a resolutely murderous expression on her face.

"Good morning!" Emma cheers at me. "I come bearing food. I thought this might be a good way to wake you up."

"Good morning. And you're right, of course - that is a fantastic thing to wake up to."" I wave back, then slide my eyes to her apparent bodyguard. "Might have been an even better way if it was just you and me-"

"I know, right?" Emma murmurs slightly too loudly.

"Which is precisely why I'm here." Sophia scowls at both of us darkly.

"Killjoy." I stick my tongue out at her.

"What are you, twelve?" Sophia gives me a level look.

"Inches?" I grin at her. The grin is not returned.

Emma doesn't applaud my sense of humour either, moving the subject on with practised ease. "She's been following me around all morning, I've tried telling her that I'm perfectly capable of making my own decisions - but she still seems to have an issue with it."

"Jealousy, I bet." I shoot a smirk at Sophia.

"Could be." Emma agrees blandly, fighting the upwards quirk of her lips as Sophia's expression turns even flatter.

The snort of derision is expected, but still rude all the same. "Keep dreaming. I still have my self-respect, and once Emma comes to her senses and remembers that she used to have standards - she'll be thanking me for this."

"You do realise that you aren't really stopping anything here, right? The moment you turn your back-" I make a crude gesture with my hands.

Sophia turns to Emma. "You see what a pervert this guy is? Obsessed with sex. He's just using you, you know?"

"I wouldn't say that." Emma protests. "I mean, I enjoy it too. Like, I really enjoy-" Sophia interrupts with a mock gagging sound. "Right. Sorry. Wouldn't want to defile your virgin ears."

"Don't start that again." Sophia warns.

"Don't start what? Pointing out that there's only one virgin in this entire house right now?" I probe.

"Greg! She's sensitive about that. You've really got to tip-toe around the subject. You know, Madison and I were talking last night - and she was sitting in the corner pretending not to-" She breaks off, almost dropping the plate as Sophia tickles the back of her neck.

"We are not talking about any of that. Especially not with him." She states bluntly as Emma puts the plate down next to my makeshift bed.

"Where is Madison, anyway? I would have thought she would be the first one up for another session of bullying Sophia."

"Sleeping in./Sleeping in." They both chorus in sync. A moment later, Sophia speaks again. "And I am not being bullied."

"Madison isn't exactly a morning person." Emma leans against the doorframe. "Don't worry, she'll sort herself out before we need to leave. She wouldn't miss a shopping trip for the world."

"I wasn't worried." I respond drily.

"Whatever. If we're all done here, then-" Sophia puts both hands on Emma's shoulders, steering her back around to point out of the room. "Time to leave."

"What are you, my mother?" Emma gripes back at her. "Admit it, you just feel left out-"

"I'll admit that you couldn't have picked a worse guy to mess around with in the entire school. Really. I mean, Greg? Really, Emma?" Sophia spins her round to face me as if that would prove a point, somehow.

"I object to that." I wag a finger at the pair. "Apart from just being generically awesome, I'm easily clear of most of the school even without trying. Not in a gang, not addicted to drugs or alcohol, not a complete dropout, not fat, proud owner of a complete collection of the limited edition 'Armsmaster Advances!' figureset - and, I mean, even I liked in the mirror the other day and thought: 'Damn, I'm kind of hot. I'd fuck me, if I was a chick.' In a no-homo kind of way, to be clear. That's at least better than ninety percent of the school. Admit it."

Sophia just gives me a disgusted look.

"There. You see!" I jab a finger at her. "No response. She knows it's an inarguable fact, but she's just too stubborn to back down and admit that she was wrong the first time." Sophia's mouth twitches. "And here comes the barrage of insults and minor death threats, as if whining will make everyone forget that I won the argument. News flash, Sophia - everyone knows that I won the argument. You're the only person still seething that a guy can't possibly change for the better."

"Choke on your food and die." Sophia encourages me, before firmly steering Emma out of the doorway and back down the way they came.

"Rude. No wonder you're single." I land one final petty snipe before she disappears around the corner. "Challenge."

No sense in wasting the cooldown, after all.

My feet settle onto solid ground once more. "Now then, was it up and to the left? Or up and to the right?" Two seconds. Three seconds. I step back sharply. A crossbow bolt embeds itself in the floor off to the right. "Left side it is." I hop up onto a nearby desk, then leap straight up - the majority of my body turning into a smoky, weightless mass while my legs provide the boost - then my entire body phasing out with the second charge as the original expires. "Oh-" I give a pleased hum to myself. "-that feels so much smoother." There's something viscerally satisfying in feeling my mobility get even better. I might need raw power more right now, but I couldn't be upset at the upgraded version of my shadow state given how reliant I was on the weakest form of it.

I wasn't entirely sure that this was the correct floor, but I couldn't exactly afford to take it slow and find out. I already knew that Sophia would run if I gave her the breathing room to get away, so my only choice was to blindly rush in the direction of the bolt and hope that I found her.

Fortunately, my reaction and subsequent movement had been both fast and unexpected for this version of Sophia. Without the CONT modifier, she likely hadn't expected me to come up through the floor - something she herself would be very reluctant to do. It wasn't something I minded doing, the risk of death because of one lucky wire running through the ceiling was significant - but not actually that devastating for me. I could afford to lose ten times in a row if it gave me an advantage, while she couldn't even afford to lose once. Even if her power didn't have the same limits, she couldn't afford to be as reckless with it as I could.

I race into the next room across, not finding anything that might indicate Sophia's presence. Next floor then. I zig and zag for a few seconds, hoping to dodge a second bolt while waiting for a second charge to appear. No such luck. I copy my previous trick, jumping off a nearby table and soaring up to the next floor.

I get plenty of warning for what happens next. Ignoring how my senses work within the shadow state given my lack of physical eyes and ears, the fact remains that I'm taking stock of the situation on this floor before my upper body has even cleared the carpet. I can see Shadow Stalker, hunched in the corner and aiming at me. I can hear the distant, muted click and twang of her crossbow - but for all the flexibility that I've gained with the upgraded version of the Shadow State, I'm still locked to one-second intervals. I can't stay in the state for a bit longer to dodge an incoming bolt, or cut it short and collapse to the floor as my power kicks me out of the ceiling.

Sophia probably doesn't even realise I have a limit like that, it just happens to line up well for her - it pretty reliably takes a full second for my momentum to take me through the ceiling and land. She's probably just thinking that I shifted back to move around last time, and I'll do it again this time - which isn't even wrong, but for the wrong reasons. So as the smoky, wispy projectile dashes towards me - my active power still locked into my shadow state for a few fractions of a second more, I fall back on the only defensive power that I have left to me that can activate in time to help once I finally turn physical once more.

And then sink to the ground in a heap as Glory Girl's forcefield fails to do anything to stop the bolt from materialising in my guts and then erupting out the other side of my torso. "Fuck!" I send a hate-filled glare to Sophia as she dives through the nearest window, a misty cloud gliding through the air and out of sight before I can even start to crawl and stumble my way towards it. "I'm so going to tell that idiot on PHO that I was right." I swear under my breath. "Invincible forcefield my ass."

I breathe in steadily, and push myself up into a standing position. Still alive. Going to die at some point. Gut wounds always seem to kill me painfully in the end - but that wasn't a reason to just keel over and wait for it to happen. It wasn't like this scenario was some impossibility that was impossible for me to advance. The last challenge was easy for me, and honestly, this one shouldn't be all that different. Sophia wasn't impossibly strong, she didn't have foreknowledge of my powers and aside from the initial opportunity for an ambush-into-escape it just wasn't likely for me to lose in a fight or a chase. I could do almost everything that she could do, and more. I just had to keep eyes on her and not allow her to escape.

That was a bit much to ask for now. I'm probably a little faster than Sophia in a dead sprint, but not with a hole in my stomach. But I don't need a working stomach to walk. Or run.

"Come on, Greg." I hiss to myself, inching towards the window - the third and slowest of the three charges coming up just in time. "You've taken worse than this." I half-walk, half-fall through the window in pursuit of the Ward, yet another shift into smoke working to secure my landing as the fastest-recharging slot lights up mid-fall. This new flexibility really was great, even if it was a little hard to appreciative right now. At least Sophia had stopped shooting at me. Probably not for altruistic reasons. She was almost certainly trying to create distance and work her way towards one of her caches, then ambush me again when I'd completely lost track of her.

But again. She can't walk through walls that easily. I can still see her, drifting towards a distant rooftop with casual, serene grace. Sticking to the skyline is safety for her, even though finding her way into a building would make it near-impossible for me to ever locate her even without the HUNT modifier making it trivial for her to avoid my search. Going into a room that might be surrounded by electrical wires might be the smartest move, but it's also potentially dangerous - one that might leave her with no way to escape me if I did somehow find her.

And it's also distinctly un-Sophia-like. Running like this was one thing, I'm sure she would justify it as 'Not being a fucking moron' or 'Getting better equipment and then using it in an ambush is just common sense, idiot' - but the fact is that it was still fighting. Fighting later, under more ideal circumstances, sure - but fighting all the same. Sophia didn't run for the sake of running. She didn't hide, fearing for her life. Even if that was the smartest move, she'd rather die on her feet. And while personality didn't always come across well in these simulations, fighting style and behaviours often did.

Which was all a long-winded way to say, she was probably making a bee-line directly for her tinkertech bolts again rather than simply trying to get away from me - even if just getting away was enough to win if she was being completely sensible. There was no reason to assume that any caches or stores would move around between challenges, so finding out where she was heading now would probably also tell me the direction she was likely to take next round as well. Only one of them could be the closest, after all.

I shift to my speed-state. I might be limited to lurching and staggering after Sophia rather than a proper sprint, but I could at least make it a very fast lurch. The reduced mass would help me scale to the rooftops at a decent pace, and Sophia probably wouldn't even realise that I had a speedster power active until I was already level with her.

The world spins briefly as I put one foot in front of the other. Right. Blood loss. Which I could do... absolutely nothing about. Just gotta grit my teeth and follow Sophia across the city, or it's all for nothing. Another foot. Progress. I hurtle myself towards the nearest wall in the direction Sophia left, ignoring the uncomfortable flashes of pain and the distinct sensation that something important was ripping in my intestines with the hurried movements. Parkour is kind of easy in this state, and it only takes a few wall jumps to start bounding between rooftops in the approximate direction that Sophia had glided off in.

But not fast enough. I've jumped at least twenty buildings before I'm forced to concede that the only smoke in the distance now is from a chimney, and that Sophia has gotten away from me this time. Maybe she took a turn somewhere, maybe she slipped into a window or a building - maybe I've already overshot her cache. Some combination of being too slow and losing sight of her for too long.

I couldn't be too upset, really. I knew what Sophia's preferred strategy was going to be in those opening moments now, stalling for a little bit longer - or making my first jump a little bit faster so that I could switch to Vista and screw her timing off-course, then block the solid bolt with Glory Girl's shield... there were options, throwing together a workable sequence for getting up to that floor quickly without getting crippled wasn't impossible at all. At that point, keeping up with her in my speed-state would be a more reasonable ask. Still difficult, not knowing where she was going - I couldn't just glide after her like she could, so temporarily losing sight of her was inevitable. But I could progress. Keep a little closer each time. It wasn't like Sophia could really avoid me today, I had plenty of challenges yet to come.

I sink to my knees. Kind of impressed that I haven't lost consciousness yet. Could be adrenaline, could be that I'm just a complete bad-ass that's hard as nails. Whichever it was, the reason was starting to lose steam now. Sometimes I'd get stabbed by something and still be walking around hours later, but this wasn't one of those times. My limbs are practically buckling at the idea of keeping up my body-weight, even in the speed-state - and the only thing keeping my eyes open is pain and the promise that I won't actually die if I just curl up and wait. I'll sit there in pain long enough for Sophia to come back and execute me.

I should probably just kill myself. No point torturing myself for little benefit.

I crawl closer to the edge of the rooftop, slipping out of my speed-state once I can grip the edge. "I'll be back, bitch-" I promise the empty air as the paralysis wears off.

And then another crossbow bolt plants itself into my shoulder.

"Fuck!" I howl, a mix of shock and anger granting a burst of clarity and energy that I'd been sorely lacking. "What the-" I blink as a second bolt skitters against the side of the building, I follow the source back across the street. Multi-storey car park. Fifth floor. Shadow Stalker, decked out in her Wards gear. Slightly different outfit compared to what I had seen her in a few minutes ago. Different helmet, additional belts and padding. More ammo. "Why would you even show yourself? You'd literally won already-"

Ah.

I've been fighting the version of Sophia with the CONT modifier for so long, that I'd almost forgotten what a normal fight was like. This version didn't care if I knew where her stashes were, because it didn't affect her odds of winning this round. She didn't care if I would fare better against the next attempt or not, she didn't even realise that this was a simulation. All she cared about was winning now. She hadn't made an attempt to obscure her caches, because as long as she got access to them in the end - she didn't care to hide it. And now, once she was certain that she would beat me - she had come back to execute me without delay.

"Big mistake." I tell her, uncaring about the fact that she couldn't hear me at this distance. "Big fucking mistake! I'll be seeing you soon!" Because now, it didn't matter if she got away from me temporarily. I knew where she wanted to get to. She could have survived five, ten more challenges simply by waiting a bit longer every time she got away from me - hiding that small bit of extra information. But she'd come back too quickly. Not enough time had passed for her destination to be far from where she was standing now. Factor in her likely unwillingness to phase through a potentially electrified wall, and the search area just got narrow indeed.

I don't register the feeling of the bolt that kills me, only catching a brief flicker in the air before I stand in front of the failure screen once more.

FAILURE​

"Yeah, yeah." I roll my eyes at the notification. "Speak for yourself." I flip off the screen. "I'm winning, no matter what you have to say about it."

Light seeps into my vision as the real world comes back into view.

"-s if it's some grand achievement. Who'd even want to be in a relationship if it required lowering their standards so much that they'd end up with you?" Sophia nearly spits.

Emma raises her hand, Sophia looks pained as I smirk at her.

"You have no idea how much I'm looking forward to the messy breakup." Her tone turns grouchy, the push on Emma's shoulders becoming insistent as the pair finally start to leave.

Emma winks and forms a heart with her fingers before she is escorted out of sight. Cute. I pad over to the plate. Heart-shaped eggs too. Double-cute.

Was Sophia going to become like that? Probably not. It was hard to picture her being lovey-dovey. Hell, I wasn't even sure what I should expect from winning the next challenge. With my recent conquests, I'd grown a lot of confidence that - in the right circumstances - I didn't need to clear someone's challenges out entirely to get my dick wet. How exactly that would translate to Sophia's ever-abrasive attitude still wasn't clear.

I check PHO for new drama. Nothing worth talking about, but I take a few minutes to work on my online brand - just to make sure that nobody forgot about me. A few messages from Taylor talking about potential locations for our next 'meeting'. GStringGirl bragging about hitting the level cap on World of Capes. Parian sending a picture of her progress on my costume, which seemed... fine? I wasn't exactly an expert on textiles, but it looked... costume-like. I guess. A going-live-soon notification from Uber & Leet, but I already had my day planned out - I'd have to watch the VOD later.

I sigh. No obvious way to waste time without access to my computer. Madison was apparently asleep. Sophia's cooldown was notably longer than I had gotten used to - so I couldn't expect to just immediately hop back into a fight the moment I found her again. And finally, Emma was being guarded by an irate Sophia to an extent that I doubted I was going to sneak anything past her before we left.

Nothing for it. I'm just going to have to socialise. Like a normal person. What a pain.

On the plus side, winding up Sophia alongside Emma wasn't exactly an unpleasant time. I whistle to myself in anticipation as I make my way towards the kitchen, mind already racing with what particular entrance will irritate Sophia the most.

Because today is all about her, after all.



Sophia scowls at me as I make my way towards the back of the bus, imperiously pointing to the seat next to her and leaving the rest unsaid.

"You really do think the worst of me. You think I'm the kind of menace that can't handle a single bus ride without trying to get laid? I might be a guy, but I do think about things other than sex sometimes." I protest, but not too loudly. Despite my complaints, it wasn't like sitting next to Sophia was a bad thing. She was hot too, if admittedly less likely to be down for a blowjob in public. Which was probably a bad idea anyway, but Sophia was the one that put the idea in my mind in the first place so it was kind of her fault that I was even considering the merits of it.

"That's exactly what I think." Sophia replies shortly.

"Ladies, ladies. Let's all get along. We've got plenty to do and not much time to do it in." Madison interjects. "Now, Emma. You know that superstore Julia showed us last time? I was thinking we drag Sophia there. Raid the place from top to bottom. Every bit of clothing that we can carry, and then we sweep the rest of the town. And if you have something that you want for a birthday present, make appropriate cooing noises and I'll get it when you're not looking."

"I really don't need clothes. I have plenty." Sophia interjects.

"Doesn't it defeat the point of getting something for my birthday if I already know what it is? If I'm doing the same for you, we may as well just buy it ourselves at that point." Emma ignores her.

"It's completely different." Madison denies. "And it's only if you happen to see anything you like. If not, I'll have to take a guess - but I'd rather get something that I know for sure that you want, right?"

"I suppose we'll have to see." Emma concedes. "And it will depend on how much money we have left afterwards. Sophia might be penniless at the end, and I'd feel bad if we just kept shopping despite that."

"I'm not broke." The only person here with an actual job and stable salary grouses. "Which isn't to say that I actually intend to buy anything, I'm only here because Emma wouldn't shut up-"

Emma rolls her eyes. "Because you would only start complaining about stupid things like 'Nooo, I don't need a cute swimsuit' or-"

"Of course I don't." Sophia gripes. "What would I even do with some flowery crap like that?"

"See?" She shares a nod with Madison.

"No helping it. At least she has us." Madison agrees.

"It's practically winter." Sophia changes tact.

"Well into Spring, and the point is that you have everything before the perfect weather comes around." Emma shakes her head. "And its not like that's the only thing we're going to get, so stop nitpicking and just accept that we're going to fix your wardrobe."

"There's nothing wrong with my wardrobe." Sophia insists, even turning to me as if I would even consider supporting her after she so vindictively spent her morning cockblocking me.

"I don't think the wardrobe is the problem." I adopt a thinking posture. "I think it's the personality. You can't fix that with a splash of colour and the right hat."

"Oh, fuck you." Sophia leans back into the seat. "Let's just get this over with and get back. We'll pick the first thing that you two approve of, and we can leave."

"Two?" I half-heartedly protest at the exclusion.

"Two." She confirms. "Your approval is not - and will never be - required."

"Harsh." Is it just me, or has the level of tsun gotten higher lately? Maybe I'm completely delusional, but between our little scuffle in the bathroom and an extra relationship upgrade - I feel like she gained a little bit of respect for me and completely hates that fact. All of this mock outrage and general abrasiveness is just overcorrecting from someone that doesn't want to admit that we're besties now. I mean, she was definitely checking me out in the shower last night - and honestly, it would almost be weird for her to be only two steps away from being as much of a cockslut as Emma and not once to have thought about what it would be like to fuck me right now. And Sophia was exactly the kind of person to blame me for the thought even crossing her head.

Before I had powers, that would have rubbed me the wrong way. Now, seeing her fully commit to being in denial was kind of cute compared to getting outright murdered. That, and seeing her actually come to terms with reality after saying all of this so loudly was going to be sweet indeed.

"Deal with it." She replies shortly.

"Dealing with it." I affirm, eyes flicking to her countdown as it reaches the final few seconds. Three. Two. One. "Challenge."

The same countdown as before. A quick backstep to dodge the first attack, then up to the next floor in the same, fluid motions as last round. There was nothing wrong with jumping up the final floor last time, the timing just left me locked in the shadow state for a moment too long. So I repeat it, almost exactly - not wanting to take a chance on Sophia reacting differently if she saw me move around in a different way. Except this time, I slip into the shadow state a little earlier - I push off a little later. A difference that sees my shadow state deactivate with my body halfway through the floor - meaning that I'm violently ejected instead of my usual, graceful landings. I'll bruise, I always do when I get thrown out of a wall - the sensation of being hit by a hammer was penance for not ending up in a position where my body could easily reform.

But the pain was fleeting. All that mattered, was that I was no longer in my shadow state. And Sophia hadn't changed her method or angle of attack. This time, space starts to stretch between us from the very instant the state drops - and as the bolt is fired, I give up on Vista's power and fall back on Glory Girl's forcefield.

Timing. That was what Sophia had said not too long ago. She couldn't phase in her bolts at will, she had to decide when they should do it at the moment she fired. The precision that she had needed to materialise it precisely inside my body last time, without being blocked by the forcefield - that was flawless timing, and any small deviation would have thrown it off.

A small deviation like, for example, almost doubling the distance that the bolt had to travel through to reach me. This time, the bolt takes its physical form early. This time, Glory Girl's forcefield and the bolt cancel each other out - sending the bolt skittering uselessly to the floor, and Shadow Stalker diving through the window instead of attempting to reload. And this time, I don't have a single injury as I dive out the window right after her.

I still can't glide, so following her exact path is impossible - and this time, Sophia makes an attempt to shoot me as I land. The bolt goes wide, the pressure of shifting back mid-air, trying to aim and fire then needing to phase out before hitting the rooftop proving to be too much - but it's another threat to be aware of. Last time, I was so far behind her that she never felt threatened - this time, that wasn't quite so true. But it didn't really matter. I wouldn't lose her this time. I shift into my speed-state again, racing up to the rooftops as if I was attempting to chase her - but that wasn't quite true. In fact, I wasn't even going that fast. I was just keeping her in my sights, looking for the ideal way to strike.

Which was harder than it sounded. I couldn't rush to her destination ahead of her, the HUNT modifier ensured that she could see my exact location at all times - she would just turn around and go somewhere else. I couldn't attack her in this state, I hit like the wettest of wet noodles and in return took an ungodly amount of damage unless I could literally roll with the punches and avoid everything. I couldn't shift out of my speed state too close to her, otherwise she might just kill or cripple me in the three seconds of paralysis - while doing it too far away from her gave her the option to just keep running.

Fortunately, her rooftop antics provide the solution for me. Either she didn't care if I saw her reaching her stash, or simply not understanding exactly how fast I could go in this state after I'd been doing the equivalent of jogging for so long - Sophia starts the long glide across the road towards where I saw her last time. And like a rocket, I shoot past her - overtaking her on the left and dropping out of the speed-state the instant my feet hit the ground. Three. Two. One. Brief paralysis over, just in time for Sophia to make her own landing.

"Gotcha." I wink, already on top of her. If she went through the floor, I could follow - but other than that, this was no different to any of my many previous scraps with Sophia. Except this time, I eat the first few blows in return for grabbing her weapon and bolts. Sophia is confident in her hand-to-hand, for good reason - so she doesn't fight me for it, just opting to hammer me with blows without realising that my aim was to deprive her of the ability to physically grab a bolt and phase it into my head. When I'm done, both weapon and ammunition tossed aside down to the street below - she rapidly realises that I'm not a pushover in melee either. She tries to run, at first, but I'm slightly faster. She's smarter at evading with her power, but it's just that - evasion. She's not quite as good as the Sophia with the CONT modifier had gotten over time. A few light blows clip me, but pound for pound - blow for blow - I was winning every trade.

To her credit, that wasn't exactly unreasonable. She'd worked out my ash clone fast when it became evident that it fucked with her shifting, and was dispersing it almost as soon as it could finish reforming - which, ironically, made the cooldown to reform it almost instant. Glory Girl's shield had saved me from a punishing blow to the head twice now, the act of slipping that power back into my active slot to recharge in between lulls in the fight was already second nature to me. And then between my Echo and Vista's powerset - my own offensive was hard to deal with and adjust to on its own. If I could freely use the shadow state, I would probably have already won - but I need all of the charges active in case she runs, it's not like I have any other way to follow through a wall or the floor.

Even with the advantages, it's still like fighting smoke from a bonfire. Twenty strikes in a row finding nothing but air, but without a time-limit - that doesn't matter. I'm getting tired as the minutes wear on, but so is she. The evasions getting slightly more sluggish, the counterattacks lacking the threat that they had before. I had more endurance. The clone didn't get tired. And above all, she was the one that needed to be fast enough to avoid me.

I hurl Sophia to the ground, her temporary helmet long since discarded - an expression of desperate hate on her face as she shifts again, but I already have a grip on her as she reappears - the telltale eddy in the smoke now slow enough that catching her isn't merely an exercise in guesswork and reaction time, but a methodic series of movements to reliably catch her again. The shift in her expression after the third time in a row clues me in to the level of desperation - and I'm already braced for her to risk phasing through the floor. A floor where we both know there should be wires feeding the overhead lights.

But she doesn't go through the floor.

She goes through me.

Twin howls of agony light up the empty streets as my body starts screaming its objections to the arm lodged deep into my chest. From the agonised, half-lidded expression on Sophia's face and the cry of pain that easily matches mine - I'm guessing she wasn't enjoying the feeling either.

Sophia shifts again, drifting slightly to the side - slower than a crawling pace, before reforming again. Her arm is in pieces, literally. Wounds cover every inch of her skin, and any semblance of armour or clothing that once covered it falls to the ground as she moves - some pieces looking like they had been shorn with scissors, others like they had been shredded. Everything below her elbow hangs on by a thread, bloodied tendons and bone visible as blood soaks the ground around her. No, it wasn't even fair to describe the remains of that limb as an 'arm' anymore. There was too much missing. Chunks of flesh and bone falling away like diced meat.

But if she looked like that- I look down. On the face of it, it barely looked like I had a wound. An almost indented, spider-web pattern across my stomach and what almost looked like a series of puncture wounds - but nothing on the scale of the devastation that Sophia's arm had suffered. But the agonised feeling from inside my body told the true tale. My insides were in approximately the same condition as her arm right now. And I was willing to be that I needed whatever organs were in there a lot more than she needed that arm.

Sure enough, Sophia is already limping away. Not with her power, but on her own two feet. I send my ash clone to harass her as it comes off cooldown again, but she understands the trick well now. Her left hand swings into oncoming punch, and scatters it to the wind once more.

"Fuck." Ah. I can still talk. Guess she didn't get my lungs. But judging from the rapidly weakening sense of feeling from the rest of my body - she'd hit plenty of other important things instead.

Lesson learned. I'd obviously known that her objects weren't Manton limited, but I'd assumed that the reason Sophia had never ripped my heart out before was because she couldn't. Evidently, I was wrong. She could phase herself into organic matter, but it was the other end of the 'Manton limit' that was the problem. The original meaning, before PHO had started abusing it in the powerscaling sense once Narwhal had shown the world what it meant to not have that limit.

It wasn't about not working on other people, it was about safeguarding herself.

When she phases an arm inside me and goes solid, nobody wins when her power starts trying to make the body work again. If something took priority, things would be clear and it would be a useful strategy - but when both sides are equally important, both sides lose. Her arm reforms in, around, on both sides of my skin. My veins. My heart. Whether that means that her arm gets bisected, or if it means that every curve and twist of my intestines has a tiny bit of Sophia's arm and gloves in them for a brief moment - the results are immediate and catastrophic for both of us. The things that get broken don't get fixed again once she shifts and pulls back. What exactly the logic was to define what got phased back with her, and what stayed lodged inside of me - that was a question I didn't know the answer to. But there was an answer, certainly.

It wasn't just pure pain that I was feeling now, it was the mix of the other sensations that was throwing me off the most. The faint feeling of static and fuzz spreading across my body, the sudden feeling of emptiness as my limbs simply stopped responding to me.

As an experiment, I try to shift into my shadow state. Nothing falls out the bottom of my smoke cloud, and when I reform my body makes its protests known at the idea of the shadow state trying to jiggle everything back into place again. It makes sense, I suppose. It's internal now. No different from the food in my stomach, as far as power interactions go.

I send my ash clone after Sophia again as she struggles to retrieve a rucksack from a hollowed-out section near the top of a nearby pillar. She pulls it away, rummages inside, but instead of prioritising her crossbow or ammunition - the first thing she pulls out is her Wards helmet.

I watch with some curiousity as she fits it on, looks down at the floor, takes three steps to the left and phases through the floor - rucksack and all.

"It's in the helmet." I make an 'o' of understanding. "She can see electricity with it. That makes-" my vision spins.

FAILURE​

"-makes a lot of sense." I finish.

I take a moment to relish the feeling of my body feeling 'right' again. I think I would actually have preferred it if she had just ripped out my heart. I was used to violent and sudden deaths by now. The unpleasant sensation of my body telling me that something was very, very wrong but unable to truly highlight what it was, followed by the slow, creeping shutdown as things just stopped responding to my will - that was unsettling. And that said a lot, coming from me.

Although, now that I was out of the simulation - what I found most annoying was how quickly the fight had switched from a steady, convincing victory to a painful, drawn-out defeat in the span of a second. Oh, it was easy to see why it wasn't part of her usual repertoire. The shock and blood loss alone would probably have knocked her out, if not outright killed her, not too long after I had perished. Unless she limited it to her fingers, it was basically a suicide technique with catastrophic consequences if she didn't immediately win with it - and certainly not anything the real Sophia would be willing to use in standard combat.

The only question was why she didn't try to do the same with a fist through the brain. Objectively, it didn't feel that different. My power didn't work in the same way, but if I based it off of her previous demonstrations - perhaps it was as much about denying secondary options for her power as anything else.

On the face of it, she hadn't needed to commit her entire arm to the attack like that - did that mean that it was a requirement? That her power would have forcibly recreated the arm in another position in the cloud if it had the option? It ejected her out of walls safely, or at least, without turning her into soup - so that implied a certain level of autonomy in resolving collisions that was left up to the power. If she tried to aim for the head of a struggling target, perhaps it would simply turn the offending limb physical outside of the skull a few inches to the left. That would explain why she had committed so hard to attacking me centre-mass, why she had needed to so carefully guide the bolt into the wall - and my head - as part of her demonstration. Because her power would avoid the interaction if she gave it the option.

That theory sounded valid. And it helped me... not at all. There wasn't an easy way to stop her once she decided to use that attack, I didn't have ranged options - and it would still be her absolute last resort anyway.

Actually, that was a lie. I did have ranged options. I could just get her into the same position, wait for her to falter again - and then set my ash clone on her until she keels over. I can sit at the back and throw rocks or something.

Or just grab her weapon, her tinkertech bolts and start shooting or stabbing. Yes. That was a real plan. Hell, I should have done that the first time. Not that I really blame myself, I was pretty confident in victory at the time - trying to get too fancy was a likely way to lose, but with the benefit of hindsight it would have been a good idea. Her crossbow wasn't anything special, there was no reason that my power might force it to misfire like all of the guns. She still couldn't outrun me, and she still couldn't adjust her strategy to mine without the CONT modifier. I just had to mirror my exact strategy up until the point where she started to get desperate - and then play it safe and slow. If the fight went on long enough, she would get tired faster than me - that would give me enough of an opening to get away and ahead of her, loot her supplies while she was fending off my ash clone and then chase her down when she runs.

Reality slowly filters back into my eyes. A lengthy cooldown timer appearing next to Sophia as I pretend that I wasn't staring.

Overall, that was fine. It wasn't an unreasonable challenge, if only because Sophia's personality limited her most powerful options. This result wasn't as bad as I had feared, although not quite as good as I had hoped either. I could easily have gotten stuck trying to navigate the opening moves - if Sophia's response had been different to the minute changes that I had undoubtedly made in my movements, that might have screwed up everything. My entire plan relied on her attacking in the same way, from the same direction and then retreating towards the same spot - and honestly, I was pretty lucky that nothing had changed on that front between attempts.

If anything, it highlighted the power of the CONT modifier. This Sophia felt weak. Dumb. Even though, objectively, she wasn't any worse off than most of my usual opponents - I'd been squaring off against someone that knew my tricks inside and out for long enough that starting from a blank slate that wanted to try the most obvious, lowest-risk tactic had become easy. The other Sophia would have recognised my plan, strategised around stopping me from gathering information between rounds - forced me to stick close to her because she would rather swallow her pride and hide than let me get an advantage.

Kind of wish the other challenges talked to me now. Maybe some of them do, but certainly none quite so early and enthusiastically as Sophia's. Was something different about her? Or her power? The connection between the two of them? Or was it just a coincidence? I mull over the likely options, while keeping half an ear out as Sophia and Emma huddle over a phone together - something apparently attracting both of their attention. I catch a glimpse of a headline and a warning, and pull my own phone out to get straight to the source. PHO.

PHO was always the source.

"Is that something we should be worried about?" Emma murmurs in a stage whisper.

Madison peers over their shoulder. "Ooh, anything exci- oh. Who cares about the gangs fighting among themselves? Lame."

"Some of us have a mild interest in things that might set the entire city on fire." Sophia snarks. "But, you're also right. It's just a brawl between criminals so far. Hopefully, they all kill each other."

"But the heroes are there, right? If it all gets out of control, well - we could delay this another day if we really needed to..." It was interesting how much of a difference simply knowing that Sophia was a Cape and that Emma knew about it made to my perspective here. Without those facts, I'd just assume that Emma was spooked by a potential threat to herself - but now, it was obvious that she was offering Sophia an excuse to abandon her commitments in her civilian identity to go and fight without arousing suspicion.

But that wasn't how things worked. Maybe that was how Sophia wished that they worked, and certainly, that could very well be how things worked for her secret night-time excursions - but the Wards couldn't simply deploy themselves like a vigilante or independant hero group could. Making a decision to call up the Wards to a Cape fight wasn't one that was taken lightly. A sign of desperation, or of a threat that wasn't deemed overly dangerous. I was somewhat doubtful that Sophia would be summoned in any capacity for this... whatever it was.

I find the thread on PHO. An Empire attack on two sides of the ABB territory. A few storehouses on fire, a few pictures of dead gang members being added to the thread before swiftly being deleted by the mods - and a brief clip of a giant rage dragon barrelling down the street in pursuit of Stormtiger and Rune retreating at their top speed.

I flick through the thread. Honestly, this makes sense. Lung was just one guy right now. Losing his only other Cape in Oni Lee had hurt him to the point where the Empire smelt weakness, at least enough to score a minor victory - I had no doubt that they had little interest in actually trying to kill the man. The Protectorate couldn't beat him, and the Empire would be putting all of their eggs into the Purity basket in any fight - and she'd already failed to kill him once before.

I was pretty confident in that assessment, the Empire and ABB were usually fairly predictable when it came to engagements like these. But I wasn't 100% sure. And Sophia wasn't either, if the intense look in her eyes as she scrolls through the thread herself is any indication.

Now, if Sophia wasn't here - I'd certainly be able to entertain myself dicking down Emma and Madison together, and that certainly had its own appeal... but fundamentally, I could do that at any time. This weekend was supposed to be about Sophia. I couldn't just let her run off, get in trouble for doing so and then probably not see her until I was back in Winslow. I wanted to be there just as much as she did, but I needed to be realistic. The fight was over. Lung was never going to catch Rune, the PRT would issue the rest of the Empire an ultimatum to back down or fight them - and the Empire would back down, having already achieved what they wanted. The PRT wouldn't fight Lung, so he'd start to shrink back down and eventually go to ground to avoid an ambush from a heavy-hitter taking him out. The odds were good that neither of us would make it there in time to do anything.

Sophia probably knew that too, but just needed that fact framed in the right way. A gentle light shone on the facts that lined up with her worldview nicely.

In other words, shitting on the heroes.

"The heroes won't even try to start a fight, given the situation." I respond to Emma, gesturing at my phone as they turn to me. "It's in the best interest of everyone to go home without fighting once the heroes show up in enough force. The heroes don't want collateral damage, the gangs don't want to weaken themselves compared to the other gang. Nobody's expecting an actual fight. Otherwise, they would have dropped Dauntless on the Empire right from the outset and called up the Wards for support, the fact that neither of those two are around means that they just plan to sit around and look good for the cameras."

Sophia snorts. "Sounds about right." She glances at Emma, and her expression loses a bit of its restrained tension. "Guess if it becomes serious enough, we'll hear some more about it. If not, it's a fancy photo op while the Nazi's walk over the city like it's theirs. Either way, nothing we need to care about right now."

Emma hums a note of assent, and doesn't push the point any further - returning to her previous conversation with Madison as if no time had passed at all.

Sophia was still following the news on her phone, but judging by the growing look of derision on her face - my words had been completely prophetic in this case. By the time the bus has stopped three more times, Sophia has long since put her phone back into her pocket in disgust.

I don't know every detail about Sophia's situation with the PRT, but I'll admit that I'm glad to see the relationship between the two is obviously poor. One day, when I'm more established as a hero - it will just make it easier to lure her into my team in the future. Once I was at a level where I could handle the natural consequences of that, at least. I needed to be friendly and stay friendly with the PRT right now, so Shadow Stalker's partnership with me would have to remain an off-the-books affair.

Movement stirs me from my thoughts. "Stop gawking, loser. We're going." Sophia interrupts me as the three girls stand up as the bus pulls up to our apparent destination. "Actually, nevermind. You can stay right there. We might come and fetch you in a few hours."

"You would miss me too much if you left me behind." I drawl. "But it's fine. I won't force you to admit the truth."

"There's no truth to admit." Sophia snorts. "And please. As if you could force me to do anything."

I let the pause hang for a moment. "Right." I drag out the word as I follow in Madison's footsteps as she makes her way down the near-empty bus. "I'm sure if I tried anything weird like that, you would jump at the chance to beat me up. And that would only ever go one way." I send a gaze backwards over my shoulder to take in Sophia's murderous expression.

Sophia falls in behind me, leaning forward with a hiss. "Listen, if I really wanted to-" Her eyes flicker over to the oblivious Emma behind us. "-whatever. Just keep walking, do you plan on keeping us waiting here all day? What are you even doing?"

"Too busy quaking in fear at your intimidating presence." I respond drily, letting the sarcasm do all of the work for me. I was absolutely sure that being on the losing end of our little scuffle yesterday was eating away at her, but for now - she was telling herself that it was fine because she was holding back. Because she was secretly a Cape, and I wasn't. Supposedly.

I'm saved from another attempted kick from behind as Emma glomps Sophia from behind, driving both of us forward. "That's enough of that!" She breaks us up, apologising to the bus driver for the delay as we get insistently pushed past. "I really think you two could be friends if you stopped being so prickly to each other." She directs us towards Madison, who's already standing in front of our apparent destination across the street.

"It's just restrained sexual tension." I suggest, causing a random civilian walking past us to do a double-take.

"You could cut it with a knife." Madison nods in agreement as we catch up with her.

"It is nothing like that." Sophia lies effortlessly. "And Emma, you are my best friend - but you are both obviously biased and completely incapable of judging the situation anyway. I just don't know what I did wrong to deserve friends with such bad taste. One person having a complete disaster of a love life I could understand, but Madison - you of all people I would expect to know better." Sophia waves a hand in the air around her. "Let alone attempt to drag me down with you as well! What is it, let's gang up on Sophia day? Week?"

"Only because of how easy it is to get under your skin about it. Who would have guessed you would get so sensitive over something so trivial?" Madison smirks at her. "I mean, nobody's saying you have to become his bride or anything - but what's the harm in trying him out? It's not like anyone would ever believe him even if he did try and tell people, and neither of us would be in any position to judge if you wanted to try a... small sample of the goods-"

"You're way too into this." Sophia accuses. "What's your angle here? Don't lie to me, I know that look."

Madison whistles, entirely failing to sound innocent. "Just thinking about the potential girl-talk we could have later if you weren't the odd-one out. We could compare notes. And, hah, if we're all in the same boat, then does it open up some potential for some fun and games to do as a group later-"

"Madison!" Emma's gasp is one of delighted, scandalised shock.Sophia fares no better, taking a moment to reboot after processing the shameless statement.

"Somehow, you're coming off as more perverted than him." Sophia glares at me. "He's probably dreaming of exactly the same thing, but at least he's got the common sense to keep it to himself."

"Who needs a filter around best friends?" Madison responds without a trace of shame.

"You, apparently." Sophia sounds aggrieved. "Let's just get inside already. If nothing else, you'll have to tone your nonsense down in there if you don't want to get kicked out."

I flick my eyes ahead, a series of challenge boxes for regular civilians and staff popping up into my vision. "We'll see about that."

Sophia's suspicious look is interrupted by Madison half-dragging her deeper into the store.

"I think they have rooms at the back to try clothes on, but they're mostly split up by gender." Emma hums. "We need you to help judge the outfits, but we might have to settle for a photo review or three for this store - unless there's nobody around to complain about an extra guy poking his head around the curtain."

Perfect. "I'll come with you. Worst case scenario, I sweet-talk the supervisor to let it slide this one time."

"That would be quite the feat." Emma drawls. "Worst case scenario, we group up on the girls side and send you the photos - but it would be nice to see things up-close before we buy them. Just for a second opinion, of course. I'll see if there's anything cute for me along the way as well."

The opinion wasn't really what mattered, they were just here to show off and look good doing it. I was here as both moral support and an extra pair of hands, a designation that is confirmed when the first bags are thrust into my hands without a blip of communication required.

Usually, this wouldn't be my kind of thing at all - but the three of them seem to be enjoying themselves and it lines up with my own plans enough for me to not complain. Sophia was just as stuck here as I was, and without this activity on the agenda - this would probably have been a single-night affair rather than something that took over the entire extended weekend. That meant more attempts on Sophia, and that could never be considered a waste. Not when it was so hard to find and track down Capes without being really, really obvious about it. It wasn't like you could just download a patrol schedule.

No. There were two parts to it. You had to wait for the news of a sighting or fight to break out. And then you had to be there. It didn't matter if I found out that Armsmaster had an epic standoff with Krieg and Hookwolf. I couldn't teleport. Even my speed-state would take at least twenty minutes to reach Empire territory, Cape fights are usually over in mere minutes - and when you factor in the time it takes for the confrontation to land on PHO, it's just impossible to catch events like that live without already being somewhere nearby. Especially if I wanted to stay incognito. An excuse for my civilian identity to disappear in the chaos, a way to grab my usual costume or some other disguise and then a way to get back again without causing a scene... it just added up. Being a shameless villain or someone that didn't care about my identity at all might have been easier in the long run. Maybe if I hadn't accidentally turned my family into people I actually liked along the way, that would have been more of an option for me.

Alas. Such was life. It was a similar story with patrols, unless I wanted to walk up and down the Boardwalk all day - I was probably just going to miss the heroes when they showed up. There'd be other opportunities, but it was still a bit frustrating.

Still. It wasn't like I wasn't enjoying some 'downtime'. Fighting every Cape I could find on cooldown like a maniac was certainly the best way to get stronger, but there's a certain need to shore up my mental resolve and willpower before committing to several hours of constant battle, defeats and painful deaths. Taking some time out with some attractive girls doing their absolute best to flaunt it? That was a great way to remind me what I was doing all of this for.

I take a moment to split off from Emma, approaching the lone staff worker monitoring the area with a smile on my face.

This should be quick.



The three girls emerge from behind the curtain.

Scratch Sophia from that last bit. She was definitely not doing it to get a reaction out of me. "What?" She half-snarls at me as I glance over her first, daring me to make a negative comment. Or a positive one. Some kind of punk-rebel outfit that oddly suited her. "Go on, out with it. We can't wait for you to start laughing."

I raise my hands into the air. "Why would I laugh? You look good."

"Told you." Emma smirks at Sophia. "You should trust me with these things."

"Excuse me if I don't want to take the word of the worst person I know." Sophia dismisses her. "If he likes them, they can stay here."

"Except we like it too. That means everyone thinks it looks good on you." Emma argues.

"Including the pervert." Sophia deadpans.

"I thought you said that you weren't going to let his preferences dictate what you picked?" Emma blinks up at Sophia innocently.

The Ward splutters at that. "Whatever. I don't even care about any of this stuff anyway." She leans against the wall. "You were the ones that actually wanted to come out here, why don't you focus on yourselves?"

Madison and Emma share a smug look. I let out a low whistle at the ease with which they puncture holes in Sophia's arguments. And at the fact that Sophia let them - she wasn't dumb enough to somehow not notice the blatant coercion and manipulation, but evidently trusted the pair enough to just take the social defeat with some small amount of grace rather than her usual method of threatening violence.

"I think this one is a winner." Emma shows mercy, striking a pose as the summer dress settles around her.

"Definitely your colour." Madison agrees.

"Isn't it exactly the same as the last one?" Sophia doesn't.

"They are pretty similar." Emma concedes. "But look, the other one was more flowy. This one is tighter, it hugs the waist."

Anything that might have been said in response to that is cut off as a familiar voice speaks over the intercom. "Ladies and gentlemen!"

"What the hell?" Emma staggers as the floor shifts minutely before settling again, a flashing blue panel appearing in the middle of the doorway leading back to the main store.

"You cannot be fucking serious." Sophia swears.

A distant roar accompanies the shaking of the store around us as a notification buzzes on my phone. I look down at it.

>Uber & Leet just went live!

The voice echoes throughout the building and beyond again. "Thank you all for waiting. Welcome, one and all, to a very special treat! The dynamic duo, Uber and Leet, are proud to present today's challenge - a fiendish maze in the heart of Brockton Bay!" Their theme tune plays momentarily before the voice resumes speaking. "But not just any maze, no! This one is a real mind-bender. In every room and every doorway, all across this mall - you'll find glowing panels that will teleport you to a new destination. You might think that you were moments from stepping outside, only to find yourself admiring the view from the rooftop! The only way out? Find your way to centre-stage and disable the maze via the big red button at its heart. The warp pads have now been engaged, and the challenge begins!"

The intercom cuts out.

Then back in, Leet's excitable voice sounding a little sheepish. "And there's a cash prize for the winner. Forgot to mention that." It cuts out again.

"A villain attack? Here?" Madison seems a little white-faced.

"Uber and Leet are barely villains, to be honest." I attempt to defend them.

"Only because of their incompetence." Sophia growls. "Just wait for the whole thing to blow up in their faces again."

I can't entirely refute that, but I got the sense that explaining to her how failing made the entire viewing experience better would be wasted effort. Nor would I be particularly convincing doing so with this grin on my face. This was great. This was better than great. Awesome. Not only were Uber and Leet here as potential challenge targets, but I'd ended up involved in one of their videos! I'd been trying to do that ever since their debut.

Sure, one random guy out of a few hundred or thousand wasn't very 'involved' - but that only applied long enough for me to disguise myself and let Void Cowboy out to play.

"I guess they mean this thing." Madison murmurs, face regaining a bit of colour as things fail to start exploding around us. She nudges the edge of the large blue tile blocking the exit.

"So, do we just-" Emma gingerly pokes her toe onto the flashing blue tile. Then disappears in a flash of light.

"Emma! Don't-" Madison swears and immediately runs after her. Another flash of light.

I look at Sophia.

"I'm not stepping into that." Sophia tells me bluntly. "Don't be stupid. We have no idea if it does what he says it does or not."

"Shouldn't you be worried about your friend?" I peer at the panel. No obvious sign of a theme or any exposed compartments. We wouldn't have missed this on the way in, with the way it dominates so much of the floor. A holographic display? Or had the pads themselves been teleported here once the action had started? Both of our phones buzz in sync, our group chat lighting up with messages.

Emma: We're fine. Seems safe enough.

Madison: Can't go back the same way you came, I tried to step back onto the nearest pad and ended up on the ground floor of the café next door. Some people here have broken a window and are just walking out.

Sophia shoves me forward, and I'm swept away in a flicker of light - instantly reappearing in what I would guess were the men's toilets.

Well. Rude. But that was good of her. I needed an excuse to get away from everyone.

Madison: Do you think we can just keep the clothes we took? Nobody could really blame us for not running back into a villain attack.

Emma: Priorities, Madison.

Sophia: Just leave. The panel changed after you guys left, so I might be a while. We'll catch up later.

Emma: I left my bag in the stall, if you want anything in it.

Madison: I mean, they have insurance - right?

Greg: Ended up somewhere completely different. I'll catch up with you guys later.

I avoid the nearest panel, a pulsing tile guarding the exit - and instead veer towards the faint glow from the disabled cubicle in the back of the room. I didn't want to take the same path that Emma and Madison had taken, I needed to get away from everyone and take a moment to transform myself into Void Cowboy. The cubicle is locked, but I simply phase through - my shadowy form meeting the terrified eyes of a man frozen on the toilet next to his wheelchair, before I'm whisked away again.

Dangerous. I don't think he could really have made out any details though, I'd still been in the shadow state by the time I'd hit the warp pad - and that was enough to make me unidentifiable.

Back in the clothing store. Bingo.

Despite the suddenness of the 'attack', the store is pretty much deserted already. A small trickle of people were crowded around the elevator, which apparently didn't count as a 'door' - but with a few exceptions of excitable people teleporting in and racing to pads at random, most people seemed to be avoiding the panels entirely and leaving the buildings via smashed windows instead.

Unbelievable. This was probably the most exciting thing to happen to them in years. Did they even have any idea how lucky they were to be part of an Uber and Leet video? These things went viral.

Well. Maybe not this one. It would take an impressive amount of editing to glaze over the fact that the majority of the people that were supposed to be 'trapped' had found a way to effortlessly escape in the first two minutes - to the extent that the streets outside were practically clogged with people leaving, and a fair few fighting the flow of traffic as they realise the potential to loot their store of choice blind.

That was typical Leet. Fully functional local teleporting system to trap all of the doors. Forget that windows exist. The livestream chat was probably roasting him right now, but I didn't have the luxury of wasting time joining them.

I race around the floor, trying to stay discrete and not like a blatant robber. Scarf. Baseball cap. New hoodie. A pair of loose trousers that could only be salvaged by a belt. I sweep them all from the shelves in record time. I was too far away to get my 'standard' patrol costume, but until Parian was done - I wasn't exactly missing much apart from a more recognisable look. All I really needed was to disguise my face and get out of the clothes I got here in - and also make a note to come back here and get rid of the security camera footage. No sense in relying on the common sense of whatever schmuck got left reviewing the footage later to both not out me and also not accuse me of robbery.

New costume in hand, I dip away from the crowd to find another panel. The other two girls went straight to the ground floor by presumably taking the one I had come here in again, so perhaps... I sprint into the girl's toilets. Another flash of light. Top floor. I jump on the nearest panel. Another flash. Kitchen. Again. Flash. Bottom floor. Too many cameras. Jump. Flash. Grocery store. Too busy. I have to explore a bit to find an employee entrance that other people hadn't seemed to be using yet. I jump onto it. Another flash.

I look around. Back in the changing rooms, right where I started. That would do. Most of panels must just form a circuit around a certain set of buildings, with one or two points that eventually just throw you into a hub of panels to navigate around. Of the few shops that I recognised on the way around, they were all very close to this building. If they had the range to throw you across the entire mall in one shot, Leet would have done that just to show off the scale of the tech - but that wasn't important right now. This was a great place to get changed. No cameras inside here, for obvious reasons. I duck inside the nearest cubicle.

Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, Sophia had thought the same thing. Sophia freezes under my gaze, a simple mask sitting in the bench next to her, a disassembled crossbow just on top of it and the lower half of her costume halfway pulled up her legs. We stare at each for a beat. Then two.

I blurt out the first thing that comes to mind. "You really just carry all of that around with you all the time?"

For a moment, Sophia seems to contemplate lying. The moment passes. Sophia knows I'm a Cape geek. She grits her teeth. "Of fucking course I'm this unlucky. Listen to me-"

"Challenge." I quietly hiss the word out before she can continue the tirade. Not just to get my next attempt in, not just because she would probably be a lot more understanding after I won - but because I needed time. Time to think. Time to breathe. Time to plan out what the hell I was going to say once I was done here.

Backstep. Go up one floor. My legs practically move on their own this time, my mind in another place entirely.

I wasn't stupid. It had been obvious, right from the moment I got shoved, that Sophia was planning to confront Uber and Leet. I had assumed that would take the form of linking up with the PRT and getting her costume from them, or perhaps sneaking away to some other stash nearby and handling that herself. I don't know what the usual procedure is for a Ward getting called up to a fight, or what the standard procedure is when they find themselves on the scene in their civilian identity - but I'm sure that just pulling her own costume out of a hat and getting ready to charge into battle wasn't something that they were ever expected to do.

And yes, this was Sophia. I never expected her to just meekly start following rules and regulations, I never expected her to meekly run and hide and eventually link up with the PRT once the adults had reached the scene. That would have been delusional.

But I hadn't expected for her to have everything she needed right there and then, let alone decide to get changed right where I had left her.

Did she really just have a cut-down variant of her entire outfit just sitting in her bag? Weapon included? What if she got searched? What if someone stole her bag? I couldn't be the only one who saw all the reasons that it might be a bad idea, right? I already knew that she was a battle-junkie with a hair-trigger, but there had to be limits to it. How did all of that even fit-?

Now that I think about it, that must have been what Emma's random comment about her bag was about. Sophia didn't have her costume. Emma had it instead. Somehow, that seemed worse. I shake my head, ascending another floor. The bolt falls short and falters against my shield again as the same combo from last time throws off her timing.

Sophia leaps out the window. Once again, I follow just behind her - but not too close. Things seemed to work out great last time, so I just retrace my steps as best as I can - narrowly avoiding a perfect headshot as my speed-state kicks in. Point. Need to watch out for her aim, just because I made it last time - doesn't mean that I'm guaranteed to not get shot this time around.

I land in the multi-storey carpark ahead of Sophia once again, an exact mirror of last time - Sophia gliding down to meet me, seamlessly reforming out of shadow with a steady confidence that I knew wouldn't last if I did this right.

And I can do it right. Compared to most of my fights with Sophia, I had every advantage. Every mistake against her had been beaten into my body and bones with gleeful enthusiasm. I knew exactly how dangerous she was, I wouldn't underestimate her skill - and now that I knew that her desperation move was not to risk transporting herself through electricity, but to mutually destroy our bodies - I knew how to stop her from snatching victory from the jaws of defeat.

Easier said than done, because aside from the initial charge to knock away her weapon - the fight can't be copied from last time so effortlessly. I can attempt the same ideas and strategies, but we both land hits on the other that we didn't last time. We both dodge differently, block differently, abuse terrain differently. Last time, I'd been able to go all-out hunting for the victory, but I couldn't be sure when she would lose hope of a clean victory or when she would see no hope of winning or escaping in a standard fashion - which meant I couldn't just blindly enter close-quarters without fear. Not now that I knew that an attempt to grapple her could genuinely end in death for both of us if she forced the issue.

So I have to exhaust her instead. It takes longer than last time, but there's no threat of a TIME modifier over my head to stop me or force me to adopt a more aggressive stance. I couldn't take the risk. I needed this win. I needed Sophia to like me enough that, at the very least she wouldn't-

I pause. Mentally, at least. Physically, I was still trying to gauge her eyes out while she did her best to break my arm while my ash clone kicked her in the stomach. Small details.

But... should I really be worried? About Sophia? The only concern about her knowing my identity was her handing it off to the PRT, but realistically - was that ever going to happen? On the flip side, it would be kind of cool for someone to be in on the secret. Her relationship with 'Greg' would improve as well. We could cooperate better, cover for each other if our civilian identities were under threat, talk about our other lives without needing to wait for slow responses on our other PHO accounts... It wasn't all bad. In fact, most of it was good - as long as I could trust her not to spill the beans to someone else.

And I think I did trust her. Hell, I think I would trust her enough to do that even without the extra boost from winning here.

The realisation, and the accompanying surge of resolve to do something that was probably quite stupid, comes alongside an eruption of smog from Sophia. Except this time, the fog rushes towards me - her body reforming from the waist-up, the cloud still filling my vision and passing through me, a faint outline of her own arm holding her other arm in place-

"No you don't!" I shift into shadow myself, rushing backwards as my ash clone finishes reforming and attempts to punch her in the face - with its arm getting nearly torn off an instant later to disperse it. Heh. That was my trickiest power to work out in a situation like this. Nobody ever seemed to work it out the first time they fought it. It just wasn't intuitive, far easier to assume that I could always regenerate it at will.

We circle each other warily. One step matched with another.

And then I step backwards, the distance between us doubling, tripling in an instant thanks to a twist of warped space. And I climb up the pillar behind me. Up to the stash where her bolts and equipment could be found. She twigs my motive a second too late, momentary indecisiveness - to attack me or use the distance to flee - costing her a precious second. She opts to attack, but it's already too slow - by the time she dismisses my ash-clone again - I have the bag. This time, she's the one lunging at me - she knows that I can outrun her, she knows that I can follow her through any walls she runs through. And now, she knows that I have the tools to break her out of her shadow state even if she can keep my ash-clone out of the picture. She needs to kill me now, before I can put the tools in the bag to use.

A grasping tendril of smoke lunges for the bag, a hand containing a handful of bolts reappearing a moment later as my clone hammers down on the arm just as I swing up - the limb snapping in half like a twig, pressured in directions it was never supposed to handle - and the bolts scatter limply to the floor as her hand goes loose. She doesn't give up, scattering into her shadow state again to regather the bolts with her other hand - but she hasn't dismissed my ash clone yet. It may not have any real durability to speak of, but it hits just as hard as me. Another hammer blow hits her from behind, and her last, desperate lunge - an attempt to phase a bolt directly into my neck - fails to get any results as I turn to shadow myself, then land a clean kick to her head as she falls, overextended.

Slow. Just like last time. It almost feels strange landing a hit like that after fighting with the seemingly invincible other versions of Sophia, but all of my old fights with her had a strict time-limit - and even in real life, they were never exhausting to this extent. In some ways, it was good to know that she had real limits. Limits that I could reach, and exceed.

My ash clone is dispersed with a kick from the ground, the most effective shut-off of the power so far thanks to her temporarily ignoring it - it would stay down for thirty-seconds or so, but it was too late for that to matter now. Somehow ironic, that she manages to discover the weakness of the power right as she loses.

I reach into the bag, testing one bolt after another. After a few tests, I work out the mechanics behind the first few 'special' bolts held in their own compartment. A brief click of a hidden button at the end of the shaft to prime them, and then a pressure sensor at the opposite end to activate. I take a moment to identify the most likely to be the taser-lite variant that she's used against me before, then slam it into centre mass of the girl below me.

She turns to smoke, and goes through the floor. And then emerges, a half-second later - forced back into physical form, the crack of electricity and the stench of burned flesh highlighting the exact reason that she'd been so reluctant to do that before. It was just the wrong type of building. At least in houses and offices, you could take a good guess about where cables should be. The odds were good that you would avoid them even if you just guessed. But in an area like this, there were powerful lights all over the floor and ceiling. Taking a blind leap was dangerous, and I had her helmet that she'd used to grant herself that confidence last time.

No messing around. I stab her in the throat with a normal bolt, getting a weak, twitchy gurgle in response - no doubt still recovering from the effects of phasing into a cable.

SUCCESS

Reward: Sophia Hess+​

As expected. Reality rushes back in.

Time to be stupid.

My victory doesn't seem to have interrupted her speech, her tirade of threats and intimidation continues. "-but you're in for a world of shit with not only me, but the entire fucking PRT if you even dream about-" Her jaw turns slack as I dissolve my arm into smoke in front of her. She looks down at the bundle of clothes that I'm carrying, taking it in for the first time. "That's-"

"We can talk about it later." I agree cheerfully. "Got some ass to kick first, right?"

And with that, I start tossing my old clothes into the corner and slip into my newly-looted outfit. Slightly uncomfortable, I must have missed a few labels - but no harm done. I looked different enough to my civilian self, and that was all that really mattered. Hell, some Capes would probably have satisfied themselves with just the scarf and the helmet - but if I was going to get outed by a wannabe internet sleuth, I'd at least make sure it was someone that hacked in-store footage rather than some random pointing out that I was in the background of some kids photo thirty minutes ago and matching it with a video of Void Cowboy in action based only on my clothes.

All the while, Sophia stares at me - a blank expression of incomprehension on her face.

"Going to stare all day?" I raise an eyebrow at her. "You'll make me blush."

"I fucking knew it." Sophia recovers from her shock. "Nobody changes that much that quickly. Nobody! You fucking triggered. Of course, you did."

"I could have changed naturally." I defend my old-self. "With some encouragement, maybe."

"Bullshit."

I reluctantly concede the point. "Maybe."

She shakes her head, a keening sound of frustration escaping her throat. "I thought it might be you the other day. The same shitty attitude. The same garbage jokes. Similar voice and build. I just decided it couldn't be you because you were so, fucking, stupid." Sophia rants. "Gotta admit, pretending to be retarded actually worked-"

"What do you mean pretending to be retarded?" I protest. "We're supposed to be on the same team here, and all you're doing is insulting me."

"You're actually serious." Sophia looks pained. "I can't believe that I actually thought that Void was somewhat competent."

"Void Cowboy." I correct. In my personal opinion, such insults were uncalled for. "You know what? Fuck you. I'm going to go and beat up Leet and Uber while you're stuck here trying to build your shitty lego crossbow." I flip her off.

She flips me off back. A return to normalcy. Despite my taunt, or perhaps because of it, Sophia's ready even before I am - and apparently content to shelve the accusations and arguments for a later date, now that a fight was in the cards. Oddly enough, she seems content to wait for me - rather than rushing off on her own immediately.

"Hey." She starts, a minute shift in her voice almost making her sound awkward.

"Hm?" The hoodie flies over my head, and I wrangle with the scarf to settle it around most of my face. "What's up?"

"Why did you out yourself? You could have played it off, probably." Sophia probes. "It's just stupid. What's the benefit for you? People die from doing shit like that."

"I mean, it stopped us from arguing - didn't it?" That was true. But I was already very sure that she wasn't the kind of person to betray that trust, and I was only a few minutes away from her challenge being up and therefore becoming even more secure in that feeling. "I mean, I didn't mean to jump in on you like that - I was just running around looking for places without people or cameras to put this crap on - but it was pretty obvious from one glance that you were Shadow Stalker, even in the dollar-store costume you have there. And, I mean - we're cool. Right? I know we've been fucking with each other as Greg and Sophia lately, but I figure we've got a pretty good vibe with each other as Void Cowboy and Shadow Stalker. Why not just rip the band-aid off and let things shake out?"

"I guess it's marginally better than you fucking it up randomly because you can't keep my identity a secret without motivation." Sophia scowls.

"Hey, I kept my identity secret just fine from all of you." At least judge me on things I've actually done wrong.

"By acting exactly the same in-costume and out." She glares at me as I murmur 'says you' under my breath. Whoops, not quiet enough. "I can't believe nobody else pieced it together before. There's nobody else in the school who could possibly be that-" She pauses. "-has anyone else figured it out before?"

"Hm? Oh, no. Not really." I wiggle my hand in the air.

"What do you mean, not really? It's a yes or no question." Sophia stares at me as I try and fix the scarf in place over most of my facial features without it potentially falling down. More knots required.

"I mean, I kind of told Taylor my PHO username ages ago - before I spilled the beans to everyone that I was a Cape." I tell her in a stage whisper.

"You fucking idiot." There's a sense of morbid amazement in her voice, as if she was dumbfounded at what she was hearing.

"What? No, we were getting kinda close at the time - I figured, hey - she usually just ignores any invitation I send her, let's try and link up outside of school. Shoot my shot. And then she completely ghosted me. Online, I mean - we were still buddies in real life." I make a cutting gesture through the air. "Never ever came back to me, never mentioned it again - even after my big reveal a few days later. Never mentioned it in real life, even before her little breakdown. Straight in the spam like all the other game invites, I guess."

"Unbelievable." Sophia seems to have momentarily forgotten about the villain attack.

It's nice to see a sympathetic soul exists in the world. "I know, I think girls just like to be difficult sometimes. I would have been perfectly happy with a polite refusal and a statement that she wasn't really into online stuff, but completely ignoring a guy like that? I thought she was better than that, really." I shake my head to express my disappointment. "We were basically besties at the time as well."

"I didn't mean her. You mean to tell me-" Sophia leans in. "-that your secret identity may or may not be known to the girl you had crying and screaming at you just the other day? That your secret identity is in the hands of someone who genuinely hates you right now?"

"You can make anything sound bad if you frame it like that." I wave her off. "I mean, it's Taylor." And halfway-magically controlled to be mine. It sounded crazy to Sophia for obvious reasons, but I knew that Taylor wasn't over me. Couldn't get over me. I mean, that logic hadn't applied at the time - but Taylor throwing a fit over Emma to the extent that she had was a little unexpected, so things sounded worse than they really were. "She's not even really that angry at me, it's just easier to shout at me than fix the whole thing with between her and Emma. And like I said, she completely ignored it so it isn't even an issue anyway. I wasn't even really that upset about it, I mean - complete technophobe that she is, I don't know what I was expecting. Did you know she didn't even have a mobile phone until last month?"

Sophia stares at me as if I had just revealed that I was an alien from outer space.

Don't get me wrong. I get why she's in disbelief. It wasn't too smart to throw my identity around, but if I had to draw up a shortlist of people I honestly felt I could trust with it - Sophia and Taylor would both stand at the top of it. Sophia wasn't the kind of person to weaponise it against someone, not as a black teen living next to the heart of the Empire - and, try as she might to deny it, she liked me. She liked our interactions as Void and Shadow Stalker. She liked what we were doing for the city. She just wasn't the type of person to go behind my back with something like this. I wasn't going to lose sleep at night knowing that those two knew who I was. They were known quantities. It was the people further away, out of my area of influence, that were the worry. Thinkers. Precogs. Criminals, without the morals that these two had.

That was why it wasn't an issue to me.

And seeing Sophia's brain break in real time as she tried to process that the cool, suave Void Cowboy was also the cool, suave Greg Veder was pretty funny too.

"That's dumb. And I mean you, not her. Everything about what you just said-" Sophia turns away, newly secured mask hiding her expression. "-no. I don't even know what I expected, it all starts to make sense now that I know it's you. So much just clicks together."

"You know, I can do this too." I wave a hand in the air. "Oh no, how could I not see this before? The violent, power-obsessed Shadow Stalker is secretly the violent, power-obsessed Sophia! I can't believe the person who mopes about predator and prey all day like an edgelord in school, is actually an edgelord out of school as well! It's all so clear now! I knew that there couldn't be two people in the world that choose violence as their first, second and third solution to all problems. How could I not have seen it?"

"Fuck off." Predictably, Sophia can't take what she dishes out. "In case you've forgotten, we have stuff to do right now."

"Don't pin this on me, the first thing I said was 'Hey, let's talk about this later.' You were the one who couldn't stop talking about it." A growl emerges from her throat. I roll my eyes and acquiesce. "We do appear to be the only heroes on the scene right now." I agree. "So. Are we cool? With all of this? Or is there going to be a problem?" There wouldn't be, but the question needed to be asked.

Sophia exhales slowly. "We're cool. I'm still pissed off at you, but we'll hash it out later. There's a lot to say. But not now."

"Uber and Leet first." I nod.

"Uber and Leet first." She agrees. "I got a callout to respond to this, so the on-duty Wards will arrive at some point - but it will take a while. The PRT seems busy, but these jokers are a pushover. We just need to find them."

I adjust my hat down. "Should be pretty easy. The warps sound complicated, but I think I've worked it out - each warp can't go too far, if can only take you into the next building if you were already close to the wall. So if you imagine a circle that indicates how far the warp can throw you - there's only going to be so many warp pads that will even reach far enough to take you into a different building. If we avoid pads near the centre of the building that are only likely to go directly up or down through the floors, we can slowly work our way in any given direction by simple elimination-"

Sophia - or, Shadow Stalker right now - stares at me levelly.

Then she walks through the nearest wall.

I reluctantly follow her. "Hey, that's definitely cheating."

"They're villains." She explains, as if trying to teach something to a particularly slow, stupid child.

"They must have worked hard on all of this." I protest on their behalf. "It feels rude to just ignore it."

"They're villains. Idiot." She repeats. Sophia doesn't go through the next wall, casting her gaze around and heading towards the window instead.

"You say that, but I definitely heard you call me competent earlier." I don't glide down to the ground level like she does, I just plummet full-force into the floor and let my shadow state save me from the consequences of momentum.

"Almost competent." She corrects. "And you immediately let it go to your head."

"You're just insulting yourself. Remember the multiple times I've kicked your ass? If I don't even qualify as competent, what does that make you?" We round a corner together. Evidently, she has a better idea of where the centre of this place is than me.

"That's not how I would have described it." She denies. "But enough of that. Look."

I look.

Two slick, white-clad mechsuits guard an elegant red button on a raised platform. Warp pads ripple outwards from the floor in a spiral pattern, whilst a comically large toy gun points at the sky erratically - as if searching for targets.

I drool. I want that. I want all of that. "Leet didn't hold back this time. Haven't seen him do robotics like that since the Transformers stunt."

"Hopefully it will take both of them out for good when it explodes this time." Sophia mutters darkly. "The PRT is miles out, and these losers probably have something lined up for them anyway. Whoever is on duty for the Wards will be even slower getting here, so it would be best if we can just clean this up ourselves."

"Dibs on Leet." I quip.

"Do what you like. As far as the world is concerned, this is the first time we've met. I don't know you, you don't know me." She warns. "Got it? Our meetups before, they were never a thing."

"Mhm." I agree laconically. "The only question is, which one is Leet?"

The right one definitely seemed to have more of Leet's colour scheme on it, but with how small these suits were... why wasn't I getting a challenge box for either of them? I didn't need to see skin, I could target Gallant and Armsmaster just fine within their power armour.

Simple question with a simple answer. "Actually, nevermind. I don't think that's them at all." I click my tongue in annoyance. "It's not really their style to completely avoid the action in their videos, so if we want to find them-"

"Don't." Sophia groans.

"-we'll have to use the warp pads after all." I conclude with a pleased grin.

"Absolutely not." Sophia hisses. "If you think I'm playing along with their games for a single second, you've got another thing coming. If you want to try and find them, do whatever. I'm ending this right now. You think that button will really work?"

"It probably will, knowing them. But an obvious answer like that is probably bait at the same time. It's only put there to get people to try and fail doing so." I tell her honestly. I'd watched all of their streams. I knew bait when I saw it. I wasn't going near that thing, it would only end in personal embarrassment. I'd be better off roaming around and trying to find the villains themselves.

"Then this is already over." Sophia growls.

I slip into the shadows to watch as Sophia ascends the nearest building. I don't see her shooting directly, but the sequence of events is obvious as the twitching gun at the centre of the installation twists around with impossible speed and zaps the bolt out of the sky mere inches away from hitting the red button.

"Oho!" A voice calls out over the intercom. "And we have our first heroine on the scene! It looks like Shadow Stalker really thought that conquering this challenge would be as simple as shooting it from afar! Chat, can you really believe that? In a city as full of fliers and blasters as this one, does anyone really think that we'd have overlooked something that obvious? Well. Shadow Stalker did. Let's all have a good laugh at her." A fake laugh track plays out over the speakers. Both mechs turn as one to face her, then jet towards her position - flames emitting from their backs to propel them forwards.

Or, they try to. The first one takes off fine, intent on chasing Sophia away and doubtless creating a few great shots for the livestream and the ensuing video - but the second falls flat as it tries to do the same, weak bursts of flame and fuel bursting out at an angle before it cuts out. I watch as it rights itself, and then, instead of returning to its guard position - it retreats to a closed-down store off to the side, the entrance opening up just enough to allow it entry before closing behind it again.

I shift into my speed-state and dash around the edge of the square, getting as close as I could to the sealed building. The dull, muted flash of a warp pad activating is enough to make me confident in my initial assumption - that the robot was being recalled back to the only person who could repair it. Leet.

I drop out of the speed-state and prod the entrance. Was this electrified? I inspect the sides. No. Hydraulics. I shift through, only needing to take a few more steps to touch the only warp pad in the otherwise empty room that I find myself in.

And then there was Leet. Inspecting a tablet with one hand, hammer in the other - completely oblivious to my presence. No sign of Uber.

Leet

Discarded 0/0

()​

I stare in horror at the challenge screen my power gives me. 0/0, there wasn't even an option to begin a challenge. Nothing. No chance at additional powers, no chance at turning him to my side. Had my powers hit a limit? Or was this something unique to him?

Before I can continue that train of thought, the challenge screen is replaced.

(NEGOTIATING)​

I've never seen that before. Ever.

...negotiating what, anyway? With who? Not with Leet directly, certainly. His power? New words replace the old, a more familiar screen entering my vision.

Leet

Villain 1/5

(ALRT)​

"Challenge." Better get an attempt in before it decides to change again. This modifier, in theory, shouldn't be anywhere near as hard as Armsmaster was.

That thought goes out the window as Leet appears twenty metres in front of me, in a wide, featureless plain. In his hand, a gun ripped straight out of Halo - already pointed directly at me. I've seen it before. Energy weapon. I switch to Glory Girl's forcefield as he pulls the trigger-

-and watch, dumbfounded, as the weapon explodes in his hands. Violently.

Not just to the extent that I was used to seeing for myself. Not just a regular misfire. Both of his arms had been consumed in the explosion. His face was missing, a horrified expression of tortured agony barely visible through the blood and viscera.

Leet collapses to the ground less than three seconds into the challenge, without me even lifting a finger.

SUCCESS

Reward: Tinker Slot (1), Tinker: Prototype (1)

Leet

Villain 2/5

(ALRT)​

"...challenge?" I don't know how to feel about that.

A death ray misfires, a distant explosion killing Leet before I even see him.

SUCCESS

Reward: Leet+​

"No way I'm this lucky." I half-whisper to myself. "What's the catch?"

Leet

Villain 3/5

(ALRT)​

"Challenge." I'll find out afterwards. I don't know why my power was content to let me speedrun this, but I certainly wasn't going to complain. If I could just become a real Tinker in mere moments... I'd take it. I didn't tend to get handouts from my power, but I figured that really - this was the least I was owed after all the bullshit it puts me through.

A teleportation device leaves half of his torso behind.

SUCCESS

Reward: Tinker: Prototype (2)

(ADDITIONAL DATA REQUIRED)​

I frown at the notice that takes the place of the next challenge. Another new one. A refusal to let me attempt the remaining two challenges until I had gathered data on... what, exactly? Was this more of the weirdness I had encountered with Leet's challenges already, or was this a general feature of my power that I had never encountered for... reasons. Thinking about it, I'd never gone that far down any other Capes challenges other than Sophia and Taylor - and I worked with both of those pretty often. I patrolled with them, I hung out with them - was this an indication that I needed to interact with Leet more to progress further?

That was... fine. It would be better if I understood the exact nature of what my power wanted from me here, but I could deal with it. Even if I got completely walled here, I still had three power improvements out of the bargain. That was better than I'd have even dared to dream, and I hadn't even found Uber yet.

So. One tinker slot. One tinker power. A cursory inspection of the first one reveals nothing, a faint sensation in the tips of my fingers as if an energy was attempting to grasp the space in front of me and do something - but whatever it's searching for, it doesn't find it. Shifting the second power into my active slot I-

-I need to fix this.

That's the thought that fills my mind. The broken down mech- no. It wasn't a mech. Not in the traditional sense. It was power-armour first, except the idea of a person inside had been crudely replaced by a motion-control system that was accepting commands from a remote source. It wasn't the intended design, but it was easy to see why - because this power wasn't just telling me all about this design and what went into it, it was also labelling the misfire chances of each individual part.

And the reason that this wasn't used as power-armour anymore? A 15% chance for the sensor monitoring the structural integrity of the coolant system to throw a false reading, forcing a hard-shutdown mid-flight. A 5% chance for the sword to retract with too much force, piercing its own sheathe within the arm and likely any fleshy arm inside it. All across the machine, small chances to fail in specific, dangerous ways in the middle of operation - the majority of them neatly side-stepped by the presence of the remote-controlled machine in the centre relaying motion controls from a position of safety. That wasn't Tinkertech.

But it's not how its supposed to work either. It's a patchwork job, and my hands are itching to fix it.

Maybe I should.

I step forward.

"Oh, hey Mark." Leet doesn't turn to face me. "Did yours break too? I've sent the drones out to take over for us, give me a second and you can have this one. And pass me the wrench."

I wordlessly pass him- no, her - the nearest wrench. There was no mistaking the slight shift in Leet's voice, and definitely no missing the ample changes in the chest area either.

"Don't give me the silent treatment. I get it. My bad, I fucked up. I thought we could get a little more use out of these, but a job is a-" She peers at me owlishly as she turns back around. "-um." No mask, aside from the goggles that did little to hide her face.

I wave. "Hi." I take a screwdriver out of her toolkit and set to work. "Don't mind me."

"You're not-" She almost sounds slightly put-out as I start running my hands over the machine. "You're not going to try and arrest me?"

"Nope." Aside from actual gang members, who were pretty terrible people, it was smarter for me to let people escape and stay on the streets for me to run into again. It wasn't like I could come and see them in jail. I had to keep up appearances, of course - but I wasn't going to be working as seriously as an actual cop would.

She processes that for a moment, then settles in to watch me work - apparently liking her odds of watching me play with her toys than actually beating me in a fair fight. "Void Cowboy, right? One of the vigilantes who beat Oni Lee?" She still doesn't move, wary even as I start dismantling her work right in front of her.

"Am I really that recognisable without my usual outfit? I feel kind of flattered." I inspect the broken jet. The failure wasn't the problem. The design was the problem. The initial design had worked, and then the failure chance had been introduced. And then an extra system had been added to shield the pilot from that becoming fatal. And then another safeguard, once that also gained a chance to fail. And then those changes synergised with other issues, causing other unrelated parts to fail. What we needed was to rip all of this out, start at the initial design - and build the chance to fail in.

"My goggles have image recognition in them for every Cape in North America. Ninety-percent odds that you were the same guy." Leet crosses her arms. "And did I say that you could touch that? It's not safe, that thing will spew superheated water at you like its nothing if you don't watch yourself. N-not that I care if you are safe or not. Walking into a Tinker's lair like this. I could be about to shoot you. Turn around already!"

"I'm fixing it." I call back at her.

"I was already fixing it!" I can hear the faint stamp of a foot behind me. "I'm the Tinker here, where do you get off just ignoring me? I'm a big deal, you know?"

"Mhm. You know about my powers, right?" I probe.

Her voice becomes a little more sombre. "Trump, right?"

"Something like that. I tend to get weak variants from the powers of people I hang around with." I reveal.

She lets out a low whistle. "No wonder you weren't advertising it much. And now you've got mine?"

"A variant of it." I confirm.

"Well. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but there's some pretty severe drawbacks to my power you should know about." Leet admits. "You might feel like you've got the whole world at your fingertips, but you only get one-shot at things before they start-"

"3% odds that the engine flow here is reversed at twice the usual speed." I tap one pipe. "40% chance for this cockpit to slam down at full speed when the 'open' lever is engaged." The failed jet. "15% chance for the ignition sequence to superheat the flames and blast straight through the first turn in the pipe it finds. Your stuff has increasing chances to fail. I get it. I'm not sure if I can actually design something this complex on my own, but I can understand everything that's going on here."

"Three percent-" She echoes. "W-wait a second. You can see the failure chances? You can see what's going to fail? Say all of that again, I need to write that down." An insistent, needy tug on my hoodie highlights the urgency of her requests - but I had things to do. "Are you making that up, if you're just teasing me-"

"I'm busy." I decline. "I've got to set this right. I can fix it." I need to fix it. This power is craving it. An unnatural hunger that I know isn't entirely sourced from my own feelings. Not that I needed the encouragement, I'd have wanted to work on something cool like this anyway - but I wasn't so blind that I couldn't notice the urges that simply having this power active was pushing on me.

"If it was that easy, I would have done it." Leet grumbles. "That thing that you're ripping off stops a power overload from wiping out the control systems. It was never part of the original design, but there's like - six, seven different issues that are solved by that one thing."

"We don't need it." I toss it aside, much to her dismay.

"Where's Uber when you need him." She frets. "Hey, hey! Not that! That's needed to keep the gyroscope stable!" She tugs on my hoodie harder. "Why are you breaking my stuff, couldn't you just beat me up instead?"

I give her a strange look. "Are you a masochist?"

"N-no?" She coughs. "But it would take less time to heal a bruise or three than reattach all of the things that you're breaking off! They aren't supposed to bend like that!"

"Listen." I spin around, bringing my face close to hers - the sense of manic glee temporarily frozen as I pull myself away from the machine. "I'm really, really feeling myself right now. I know what I need to do. And what I need from you, is to help. And together? We're going to make something amazing."

"R-right." She squeaks. Her red face, inches away from mine, bobs up and down in tentative agreement. "I-I'm just feeling a bit- well. I worked hard on that-"

"And it's brilliant. You're brilliant." I tell her. It's true. The flaw here wasn't in a lack of effort or talent. It wasn't a lack of intelligence either. "The workarounds that you've made, the possibilities you've all accounted for - nobody apart from me can truly appreciate how hard you've worked on this. How much of a miracle it is that it even moves on its own at all. Don't think for a second that I don't respect you for that."

"O-oh." For some reason, her voice sounds a little shrill - a hot flush running across her face. Probably heat from the still-cooling engine off to her side. "W-well. If you say it like that, at least you understand-"

"What went wrong here, the reason I'm pulling things out, is because your powers didn't come with a manual. They didn't tell you what they wanted from you, and nobody knew any better. But I do. It just, clicks together in my mind." Clearer than any other power I've ever copied. I just know. It practically screams at me, telling me what to do - no need for experimentation or guesswork. I turn both of us to face the machine. "Your creations don't just break down entirely at random. The failures are chosen. Artificial. You're not supposed to stop the failures from happening, you're supposed to iterate on them. The failures should be part of the design. Something breaks down, and that should already be accounted for in the overall design."

"That doesn't make sense." She protests. "We- some of those breakdowns have nearly killed us. You can't call that an intended design feature."

"Cascading failures are a problem, certainly. But I think that comes from the patchwork fixes that had been applied over time were part of the problem here, honestly - it would be better to start from scratch with a clean understanding of what needed to be done. A second version that fixes everything at once. Incremental fixes are dangerous, it counts as an entirely new version and adds entirely new failure points alongside it. Too many moving parts, too many potential things that can fail. But if we make it simpler, if we reduce it to something that's easier to understand-" I heave away the last extra system attached to the engine. "We see that there's only a few things that can go wrong. Every now and then, the first time you give it the juice from rest - this thing throws an error. It spits out superheated fluid at a level far beyond these metals can handle safely. But what if you didn't treat that as a problem? What if that was a feature?"

She stares at me.

"What if, when you had designed the second prototype of the design, you'd looked at all of these small errors and issues that happened with the first one... and just assumed they would happen again." I don't know enough about the design to make the perfect adjustment, I'd need more time. More material. But if I take the feed to the weapon system here, and plug it in there... "This time, it's not a random chance that your thruster gets completely destroyed - but a random chance that your weapon systems can spit molten slag out at your target. And once you've made that into a good thing, what does it matter if that particular failure starts to happen more often? So what, you can fire your napalm launcher more? And, yes - your second model would introduce its own failures over time. Things that you'd have to solve in the third model. New features. New versions. But that's just the life of a Tinker, right?"

Hearing no response, I turn around - finding Leet looking completely lost in thought. "Not a chance to fail, but a chance to get a critical hit..." She looks a little listless. "Would that really work?"

"I've never been more sure of anything. I'd stake my life on it." I grin. "In fact, I will stake my life in it. We're going to fix this thing up to how it was always supposed to be, and I'm going to go and smash Uber's suit while he's chasing Shadow Stalker."

She starts to nod along, then catches herself. "Hey - we're partners-in-crime you know!" The protest is weak, and both of us know it. "Why would I want to help you? Or let you run off with my work?"

"The only thing I want to do more than build this thing, is to ride around in a kickass mech. You get to see if I'm telling the truth about your power, and I get to fulfil my childhood dreams. Everyone wins. Just say that I threatened you, or something." I grin, pulling her close to me to so that she could see the changes I'd already started making to the engine. "And besides, you want to build this too - right?"

"I-I do." Her voice has gone slightly tinny again. "I-I need to get the blowtorch." She scrambles back out of the tight confines of the cockpit with some difficulty, and then starts searching through the powertools littering the temporary base.

The work, such as it is, goes fast. I rip things out, tell Leet what the exact issues are with what is left - and Leet cannibalises what we've ripped out and a few spare materials to create something useful out of it. Leet's set of tools are honestly more impressive than most of the inventions I see on the stream, a few simple commands have a half dozen robotic arms doing the work of ten men. Some issues we just can't fix in time. The landing system is unsalvageable, I rip it out to stop it from damaging other parts when the single-percent chance to fail spreads the impact of landing up to the delicate electronics in the control panel - so landing again is basically impossible, meaning that this suit will fly everywhere until it runs out of fuel and then I'll need to evacuate sharpish. I can't re-enable the gun, the loading mechanism is too delicate to be easily fixed - but it was already non-functional anyway.

Leet takes a moment to program some warnings into the cockpit, while I do my best to make sense of the hastily-scribbled design she'd come up with for the sword attachment.

Just looking at the design, my fingers itched. That power I'd unlocked earlier - Tinker Slot (1), almost shivered in anticipation. On a whim, I activate it - the schematics in my hand lighting up in a flash of flame and dissipating into ash, even as the slot in my mind is replaced with a crystal-clear image of every aspect of the weapon. Every resource I would need. Every attachment it would require.

Most of which, I already had here. It wasn't necessarily about adding new material, it was just about moving it around - allowing parts to misfire without destroying anything around it. And if everything was already in place... I place my hand against the current weapon, and mentally push - trying to replicate that same feeling I had the first time I tried it. After a moment, the energy builds up - but falters a moment later, the schematics in my head detailing everything that it thought I was missing before I could try it again.

Including half the blade. No, including just about everything that appeared more than a few hand-widths away from where my fingers had touched. I retract the blade fully, earning a strange look from Leet in the process - then stack up a handful of discarded parts on top of the 'hand' where my power still thought that I was missing resources. Even after retracting it, not everything could fit inside the rough sphere that my power seemed to be measuring resources in. The final additions of a few screws, some copper wiring and a discarded safety lock is enough to satisfy my powers checklist of demands for materials, and finally, I feel something shift under my fingers.

A silver and grey orb, reminding me of the cubes my power initially constructs my simulations from - flows out from my fingers and around my gathered materials, the materials outside of the area falling to the ground as if sliced by a blade. Then, as quickly as it arrived - the orb recedes. And in it's place-

"No way-" Leet is already by my side, so fast that I didn't even see her leave the cockpit. "-is that really-" She reaches out and connects the loose wires into the machine, locks clicking into place a moment later. A press of a button later, and the blade rockets out to its full length in a flash. "-just like that? You're a better Tinker than me. Just look at it, it looks like it just rolled off of a production line."

There's no hint of envy in her voice, just a giddy sense of shared glee as she sets the weapon to engage and disengage repeatedly. After the tenth attempt, the weapon catches mid-unsheathe - and then slams through the sheath and out the other end, the added momentum from the misfire being absorbed by the support struts Leet had attached earlier. In a more complete design, that energy could have been stored and used somewhere - but we didn't have that kind of time to iterate.

I check my power. "I wouldn't say that. I was just copying your design and copy pasting it into the world once the resources were in the right place. A kind of, instant-build option - at the expense of not getting access to the designer." I still have that same design in my head, implying I could make it again - but aside from the limited amount of materials I could 'select' for any given design, the main limiting factor was going to be... "And it seems that power is on cooldown now. Twenty-four hours of downtime." And, presumably, the side-effects of Leet's power would emerge if I recreated it multiple times. New flaws that would need adjusting and accounting for.

"That's still amazing." Leet takes in the sight of the greatly-stripped-down mech. I match her look. This time, my version of her power thrummed with a sense of approval. Not entirely content, but my hands no longer itched to fix what was wrong.

"Time to take it for a test-drive." I announce. "Unless you have any objections? I'm kind of looking forward to this."

"I get it. I was salivating at the chance the first time around too." Leet smiles. "If this all pans out, maybe I can get back to some of those old designs."

I tilt my head. "You're still not going to make an attempt to stop me? I was half-expecting to be backstabbed by now."

"I wouldn't do that! We're kindred spirits! Bonding over making an awesome mecha!" She crosses her arms, seeming offended at the implication. "And-and you seem nice. And having a mecha fight would look great in the videos - and, really, we've stuck around for long enough that our job is done anyway."

"Job? I thought this was for one of your videos?" I blink.

"Why not both? It's not a huge secret or anything. Everyone knows that there's someone in Brockton Bay that will pay out the big bucks if you can put on a big enough show at a certain time and date every now and then. Never really saw the point in it, but we were going to do it all anyway - so what's the harm in working to a schedule?" Leet waves a hand in the air. "Some people just have more money than sense, and I certainly won't complain about that."

I nod in understanding. Honestly, I didn't really know much about what went into being a villain. My research was always into the heroic side of things. Maybe having shady people wire you money for unknown purposes was just standard fare when you fell on that side of the law. "So basically, you don't mind if I trounce his robot? I won't apologise when the livestream laughs at his skills."

"I really shouldn't be cheering for you against my own teammate." Leet fights a grin. "But..."

"But the shiny new toy needs a chance to show off." I complete the sentence for her.

"If we worked that hard just for it to blow up, or just for you to lose with it in twenty seconds flat-" Leet warns. "-I'm not going to be happy. You better win!"

I throw a mock-salute, and practically leap into the cockpit - the remote-piloting box already ripped out - while Leet removes the straps and supports holding the mech in place. The cockpit slams down and the control panel - which was to say, several labelled levers and a playstation controller - slides up towards my hands.

I fiddle with one joystick, the mech spinning around slightly faster than expected. Pull out weapon, left swipe. Right swipe. Stab. I couldn't try flight now, because we never managed to get the landing mechanism working - but everything else seemed as functional as expected. Leet lets out a cheery wave as I make back for the teleporter pad I started near, before making her way over to a messy corner with various monitors, game-controllers and microphones scattered around a few different desks. Doubtless to interact with the livestream.

The livestream which was actually playing directly in front of me, just above the controller. Was this already here, or did Leet take the time to load it up while I was trying to adjust the sword? Either way, it did provide a useful indication that Uber was still playing an extended game of tag between Shadow Stalker and Aegis as the livestream chat scrolls in the background.

>Complete flop. Why even bother with the maze bullshit if people just ignore it and leave?

>At least we got to see the mechs again. Kind of looks like a stripped-down version of the Transformers event.

>By which you mean, the good ones blew up and Leet pushed the remains together to make this crap.

>Doesn't matter, still looks cool. Even if Leet is washed.

>Aegis is a fucking chad.

>Aegis is a fraud. Shadow Stalker wrecked the last mech and almost ended the video fifteen minutes ago. Now Aegis arrives at the last minute and still can't outperform her.

The chase is interrupted as Leet, or rather, her upper body - appears in full view of the screen for a moment before she pulls away from the camera and settles into her chair to address her viewers, oblivious to the sudden surge in chat activity and donations at the sudden fanservice.

>AWOOGA

>Did this dumb, blonde bimbo forget about her actual mask again? Those goggles don't hide shit.

>As if anyone would recognise her face. You think she ever goes outside unless Uber drags her?

>Her face? I was looking elsewhere.

>The oil smudge on her neck. Hnnghh!

>Don't be a creep, she'd never even look at you - even if you are a Tier 3 simp.

>Stay jealous and poor.

She grins. "We've got an unexpected surprise tonight! A local up-and-coming vigilante, Void Cowboy, has snuck into our temporary base and commandeered one of our advanced prototype mechs! That can only mean one thing - it's a mecha battle for supremacy! Only one can come out on top!"

>Who?

>Never heard of him.

>'snuck in' yeah right. It's all fake. And you clowns watch this?

>Why can't I enjoy any of my favourite hobbies without this fucking cowboy moron showing up and ruining them? Hope he dies.

>Nice mech though. Clean design.

>Looks like the original. Poor guy is in a death trap and doesn't even know it.

>That's a good thing. Trust me.

"In the red corner - Uber! In the blue corner - Void Cowboy!" I engage the flight button as I emerge out of the fake storefront. The joystick controls weren't perfect, but they woud do. Thrusters were working, and I wasn't in any real risk of clipping the ground like this. In view of both the livestream and real life, Uber's remote-piloted mech breaks off from the chase and comes to settle in front of me. Shadow Stalker and Aegis both break off from their fighting retreat to lunge for the red button that he had been guarding - only for a set of drones to jump to life in defence of it, with the button itself sprouting wheels and careening down a ramp and along the street at a sprinters pace.

>Someone clip that.

>Fail Stalker.

>Does that button even do anything? If it was me, I'd just make it a dud.

Shadow Stalker must be hating this. It's a clown show, built to entertain and troll from the ground up - the exact opposite of the high-stakes combat she's yearning for.

But, for the moment, screw her. Glorious combat awaits.

Uber flickers to life next to the livestream. "Guess I'll have some questions for Leet later, but if you managed to find our base and - instead of trying to arrest her - you came out in that? I think that means that you're a man after own hearts."

"Hell yes I am." I mirror his grin with my own. "Albeit more handsome and successful."

"Fighting words! I'll be sure to remember them when I rip you out of there, motion controls are the future!" He adopts a fighting stance.

"Heretic." I swear at him. "You can't separate the mecha and the pilot. How can you even call yourself a fan if you won't even get in the damn robot?"

"Guys?" Aegis floats between us. "Can we stop it here? I think this has gone far enough. Some civilians are panicking and we're working on evacuating them. Uber, if you disable the Tinkertech and promise to retreat - we won't pursue-"

>Chad

>Bitch

>Where is the rest of the PRT? Velocity would have ended this in like, five seconds flat.

>Aegis is so boring. Does he even hear himself right now?

>Lung is getting clowned on by the Empire in the downtown area. All of the Protectorate heroes are trying to send everyone home.

"Piss off boyscout." Uber interrupts. "The real men are talking here!"

"Yeah, scram!" Leet cheers over the intercom. "We're doing something cool over here, if people want to leave - I gave pretty clear instructions, and the whole thing will run out of power on its own before long anyway. Nobody wants to watch you whining like a baby because you couldn't get past Uber in a 2v1. Git gud."

"Don't ruin this for everyone, Aegis." I join in shamelessly. "There's only one outcome when two mechas appear on opposite sides of the battlefield. It's destiny - don't try and stop us!"

"You heard him, fuck off!" Uber paraphrases my words slightly differently, but honestly not too far from my real meaning.

>BASED UBER

>What is this chuuni bullshit?

>Let 'em know!

>Is Void Cowboy a new member of U+L now?

>Uber wins this fight. Look how much chunkier his mech is. Speed means nothing here. One clash and its over.

>Speed is always more important, but Uber is always nuts at piloting shit like this.

>Until they explode, you mean.

>True.

Aegis seems a little offended, but doesn't protest any further - placing his hand to his ear for a moment before begrudgingly flying off - leaving Uber's remote-piloted suit squaring off against me.

We hang there for a moment, then, as one - we charge towards each other.

Immediately, it becomes obvious that a direct clash favours him. Even if I'm faster, my range of movement with the sword is less flexible than his - the difference between attacking with a keypress and some arm straps versus more flexible body-tracking like he seemed to have.

But a few different angles doesn't matter against a fully-extended blade. I surge upwards, crashing down on him from above - fully extended into the 'stab' position, he floats backwards - but he's clearly unprepared for my speed, forced to block with his own weapon, but simple physics slams his mech into the ground during the clash while I pass over him. I circle around, looking to repeat the trick - only to find Uber zipping away down the nearest alleyway, doubtless looking to break line of sight.

I'll take that challenge. I surge after him. I'm faster in a straight line, but I can't cut corners in the same reckless way that he does - nor can I abuse my landing gear to kick off the wall and propel myself in a new direction around a tight corner. But he's not extending the gap between us, which means this greatly favours me. Because Leet's power was telling me the entire story of the meltdown his mech was going through. Every corner, another failure. Some harmless, some not. But as long as I kept forcing him to use different systems, kept forcing him to use every part and every feature - eventually he'd get an unlucky roll of the dice and be crippled.

He knew some of that, he just didn't understand it the same way that I now did. To him, Leet's backfires were random acts of god - and that there was nothing he could do about them. To me, I could see that he was rolling the dice every time. Every time he took that corner, a three percent chance that the foot would cling to the wall instead of push. When he cut power to the engines instead of braking, another chance of failure as he hits the ignition again. Every corner that he cut, made it a little more likely to blow.

In the end, he loses one thruster first - my viewpoint briefly filling up with smoke and debris, only clearing up for long enough to realise that Uber had already reacted to the loss, landing and spinning around - ready to meet my charge with one of his own.

Too late to dodge, and neither of us could engage our weapons in quarters as tight as these. I switch to Glory Girl's power and eat the charge head-on. Nothing breaks through the cockpit to break my forcefield, but it was a sensible precaution. Uber's managed to get a grip on my mech, but even if he looks larger - the two of us combined aren't actually heavy enough to completely stop against the full power of my thrusters. Slowly, despite his grip - his mech slides backwards, accelerating faster and faster - until he has no choice but to release me and attempt some kind of martial arts throw before I slam him into the nearest building.

I barely avoid touching the ground, the mech automatically righting itself after a moment of vertigo. Just as well, because Uber had recovered far faster than I had - and even with my backpedalling, it's all I can do to block his swing with my mechs non-sword arm - the momentary pause and tearing of metal buying me enough time to get away, at the expense of the less-important arm falling to the ground in my place.

>Told you. Never bet against Uber on equal footing.

>That arm wasn't even doing anything. That had a missile launcher in the old version, they never keep the cool stuff.

>Can someone clip Shadow Stalker chasing that button. I'm getting meme energy from it.

>Put the cams back on Aegis.

>Can we get Leet back on the cams? Two particular reasons...

It's a loss, but not a major one. If anything, I'm even faster now. His loss of a thruster vastly outweighs the importance of that arm. As long as I had the sword, victory was still within my grasp. I surge upwards again, diving back down in a mirror of my opening move - except this time, he knows better than to match my attack. He side-steps, allowing me to blitz past him. That's fine. I can just loop right back around, keeping all of my speed for a second runby. Again. Again. Again. The fifth time, I swipe to the right with the sword - sparks flying against his weapon and scoring a glancing hit on the 'head' of the mech. On the next pass, I cut off an attempt to retreat into another alleyway, this time cutting his sword off by slicing the clawed hand that held it in place.

>Common Uber L.

>Void Cowboy knows he can't win in a fair fight, so he pulls this bullshit instead.

>Why does Uber keep missing? Isn't the whole point of his power to be good at stuff like this?

>I think he's specced into piloting and movement, he was pretty shit with using the sword earlier too - but he pulled off some pyschopath moves when SS was trying to fill his mech with holes.

>Still got chased down.

>By a faster mech. Doesn't matter how good he is if the other guy is twice as fast.

Uber makes an attempt to make for the safety of the alley again, only revealing it to be a fake as I attempt to bisect his mech - just to find his remaining hand locked around my remaining arm. We both struggle, locked in place. With a wall to his back, I can't abuse my thrusters to drive him away - and equally, he can't adjust his positioning without losing his hold on me.

"Call this one a draw?" Uber offers. "I know the specs on these things, you can't break out of this."

"I've got this." I assure him. And I do. I had a way out of this. Maybe. It might also backfire and make me lose instead, but I wasn't stuck - at least.

I sheathe the sword. I unsheathe it. Sheathe. Unsheathe. I spam the button like a madman, ignoring the confusion of both Uber and the livestream chatters as I do so. I knew what the odds were for this mechanism to misfire. Leet and I had literally just tested it before I left.

Fifty seconds later, a momentary clunk indicates the failure of the weapon system. This time, there's no restraints in place to hold it back - nor am I already mid-flight and capable of accounting for the spin. My mech's arm wrenches back with impossible, unsafe speed - the entire arm rocketing back and around my own mech, wrenching away his arm clean from the robot entirely. The entire upper-half of my suit does a 360-degree spin, the legs detaching entirely as a consequence that we must have missed. But I was free of his grip. And armed.

Down slash. Down slash. Side slash. Down slash. My blade parts his mech like butter, Uber not even having time to respond to the movement before his transmission relay cuts out.

>Embarassing.

>Better mech wins. They should do it again with the same suits.

>What are those weapons? I thought they were just metal, but look at that cut!

>They should have put Aegis in a suit as well and made it a 2v2 against Uber and Leet.

>Can we just agree that this was the main event, and not whatever that trash was with the teleporting crap?

>How much more does Leet need to do to carry this bozo?

>You mean, how much more does Uber need to do to make Leet's garbage work?

Leet bursts back into the livestream. "We have a winner! Void Cowboy takes the victory - and that sounds like our cue to pack it up and leave. While we make our escape and recover our goods - including a certain stolen mech - we'll leave you with the plight of the plucky heroes still trying to disable our devious maze!" The theme-tune starts to play as Aegis doggedly pursues the off-button, while Shadow Stalker walks back the way she came from - broken drones scattered around her. Clearly, not interested in the doomed pursuit anymore.

>Shadow Stalker is hot.

>Best episode yet?

>Mid episode. The best part was completely unplanned.

>Unplanned my ass. The whole thing was so scripted you could smell it a mile off.

>Can anyone actually explain Void Cowboy's powers? His wiki page doesn't say much. How did he beat Uber?

>Better mech.

>Because Uber is a fraud.

>Because Leet is a brainless bimbo and let some stranger waltz away with the mech that was obviously supposed to be the final boss if New Wave or Dauntless showed up.

I shake off a few drones that seem intent on seeking out discarded materials and carting them away, instead using the last of my fuel to limp back to the abandoned storefront disguising the pad leading back to Leet.

"You won! I knew you could do it!" Leet is already there to greet me, pulsing blue every few seconds. Along with most of the rest of the workshop.

"Naturally." I leave the mech before it gives up entirely, the remaining frame crashing to the ground without a pilot to keep the thrusters engaged. "What's with the-" I wave a hand at my own face and then point at her. "Blueness?"

"Secret escape strategy." She smiles secretly. "But never mind that. It worked! It all worked! I haven't seen a flight that smooth in- well. In ages! Way back to some of my first creations! You have no idea how good it feels to see something like that again. I really can't thank you enough."

"I can't say I was being selfless. I mostly just wanted to play around in that thing, right from the moment I first saw it." I admit.

"As you should!" Leet nods firmly. "Shows you have your priorities in the right place. But that doesn't mean you didn't help me. If nothing else, you showed me that there's more to my powers than just an ever-increasing chance of death. I've got a future again. I've got designs I can go back to. I can be a real Tinker again!"

I peer at her. "Are you- are you crying?"

"N-no." She sniffs. "Maybe. Yes. They're happy tears. It doesn't count. Maybe you wouldn't get it, but this means a lot to me."

"Fair enough." I kind of feel a little embarrassed now. She's making me sound like a real altruistic hero, when all I did was get handed some powers on a silver platter and follow my own urges to get a joyride in her machine. Even if I don't exactly have the most noble of aspirations with other people either, at least I can argue that I earned their love and gratitude in blood, sweat and tears.

"Do you- Have you ever, by any chance-" She stumbles over her words. "What I mean is, we seem to work pretty well together-"

"I'm not joining your team." Her face falls. "But that doesn't mean I don't want to see you again." Her face brightens, and reddens, again. "We should definitely arrange a meet-up at some point. I'm guessing you'll have a bunch of Tinkering to do, now that you know what your power wants from you. And, naturally, you'll probably need me to inspect all of the parts and technologies that you're using and find out what is going to cause them to break."

"Yes!" She latches on to my words. "You need to come and visit. We can do some collabs together, hang out between jobs and- and I'm sure I'll have some cool projects that you'd find just as fun to get your hands on." We both watch as a drone drifts other to the fallen mech, spraying it with something that causes the entire structure to also pulse blue in time with Leet and the rest of the items scattered around the workshop.

"That sounds like a plan. You can find me on PHO, let's keep in touch." I agree easily. Perfect. Even if I hadn't met Uber in person today, a meeting would be nearly guaranteed if I ended up visiting the pair's Tinker workshop.

She nods, looking distracted for a moment. "I- hm. I've got to go now. The pads are going to turn off and follow us, maybe sixty seconds after we teleport out. That one over there-" She points deeper into the basement. "Will take you to any active pad that you like. It's something like the master version. Controls are simple, just tap the one you want on the map. Can't mess it up. Just in case you need to, you know, dodge the heroes before they start talking about silly things like property damage and stuff."

"Thanks." I respond drily. I wasn't so much worried about a lecture, but more about maintaining my civilian identity.

"Time for me to go, I guess." She still seems distracted.

Then she pulls me forward, yanks my scarf down and kisses me square on the lips. "Thank you." She whispers. Then she steps back.

A momentary silence hangs between us. It stretches. And then streches some more.

"...I-" I begin.

"I must have messed up the timing on that one." Her face turns beetroot. "Um. Listen, I didn't mean- um. I was hoping that I would just disappear dramat-" She vanishes along with every other item in a workshop in a rush of displaced air.

I touch my lips with one finger. Where had that come from? Maybe it was the reduced number of challenges at play? I had assumed that simply transforming Leet into a girl at all had been the extent of the changes, at least until I progressed further.

"Maybe I'm just a chick magnet these days." I nod to myself, turning-

-to face an unamused Shadow Stalker standing by the teleporter entrance.

Ah.

"...in my defence, that was not representative of how the whole battle went." I stress.

"Manwhore." She accuses bluntly.

I wince. "Out of interest, how long were you standing there?"

"Long enough to see that we have very, very different ideas on how to stop crime." Her caustic tone of voice betrays a flash of amusement. She was enjoying putting me on the spot, regardless of what had actually happened.

I feel the need to defend myself further. "To be fair, there was a whole thing - I got a bit of her powers, Tinker fugue, we kind of hit it off over repairing and fixing up the mech while you were playing tag for like, twenty minutes straight. Enough that she was completely chill with me just taking it for a spin to go and completely smash Uber in a fair fight. Even if you don't like my methods, you can't argue with the results."

"How noble of you, to pick the toughest of methods. The hardest of battles." The sarcasm is as biting as ever.

I give up. It wasn't worth the effort of defending, especially not when she alreadyd thought I was 'that' kind of person anyway. "Let's just leave before the pads shut off." I pace over to the device Leet had indicated.

"What's wrong with using the other one?" Sophia seems loath to follow me.

Ah. She must have arrived pretty late. Probably for the best, if she only caught the very end of the conversation. "Leet said that this will take us to any other pad that we want. In our case it could, say, take us right back to the changing rooms where we left our stuff."

"And you actually believed her?" Despite the condemnation, Sophia moves up to stand next to me all the same.

"Sure." I answer easily, tapping our destination on the map. "Hot girl like that, gotta give her the benefit of the doubt." Our surroundings shift in a flash.

"Do I need to remind you that you're already fucking Emma?" Sophia prods me off of the pad, the familiar changing rooms appearing around us. "And Madison." She adds belatedly as she pulls her mask off.

"No?" I give her a strange look, the first of the stolen items already tossed to the floor. "They both know the score. Hell, I think both of them would approve if they knew how things were going for me. Why do you care anyway?"

"Because Emma deserves better than a guy who treats her as an extra like that." Sophia gets up in my face.

"Yeah?" I lean forward back into her. "I think Emma wants, no - needs - a guy who treats her like that. Because someone put this weird idea of predator and prey in her head, and the only relationship she'll ever be able to get is a guy strong enough that she could never be anything but his prey."

"That's fucking bullshit and you know it." She hisses.

"I know that, she doesn't. Not really my problem, is it?" I throw the provocation into the air between us. I know what Sophia will do even before she does.

Sophia punches me in the face. I slam her into the wall. She knees me in the stomach. I sweep her legs. She shifts into shadow, and my ash clone body slams her into the ground before she can even start to move.

"And you know what?" I grin at her savagely. "She's not the only one. There's another crazy girl with a fucked-up head that thinks exactly the same way that goes to our school. And you know what? She's single too."

She tries to choke me. I drive a fist into her stomach.

"And she's going to stay that way. Until she finds a guy that she can actually admit is stronger than her. That actually deserves her. Or maybe, just maybe, she's already found that guy - but she's too stubborn and proud to admit it."

"You egotistical fuck." She spits. A hard stomp on my foot. A failed arm lock that she shifts out of. Directly into the echo of my last punch. She backs away, wheezing lightly. "You really think I'd even consider you? Not in a thousand years. Not if you were the last man on earth."

"That's exactly what I mean." I let her hit me again, without retaliating this time. "Listen to yourself. Last man on earth? Not in a thousand years? You're just saying that because I get under your skin. Who else is even in contention? Who else is even slightly in the picture. A fucking nobody, from Winslow? Take your pick. A no-hoper from the start, a drug addict beyond any hope of recovery or an outright gang member. You'd put any of those guys over me? Don't even lie to yourself. Someone without powers, you'd never accept someone weaker than you."

A punch for a punch. A kick for a kick. I'm not using all of my powers. She's not using all of hers.

"A Cape then. A villain? No. Already, the options are looking frightfully thin. The Wards then. Who is it going to be, Sophia? Which of them is your dream man - if not me? A goodie-two-shoes, perhaps? Aegis? Gallant?" We grapple for a moment. "Clockblocker? The class clown - a bit like me. Except he's never done anything to earn your respect, has he? I have."

"Never been asked out before by a guy that tried to list every other possible option as worse than him." Sophia spits blood at me. "Not feeling convinced."

"I'm not hearing any arguments, Sophia. What, you can't defend Kid fucking Win? Isn't he more your type?" I hold her against the wall.

"Don't be fucking ridiculous." She pants, not moving to break the stalemate quite yet.

"Then who? You hate to admit that it's me, because you never want to admit defeat. And I like that. I respect that. And I think you know that. I get you." I lock eyes with her. "We both have the same outlook on the city. On crime. On the fact that sometimes, you need to get your hands dirty. We are the same, Sophia." She slams me into the wall. I twist her arm back. "You think any other guy is going to see you start a fight like this, and think - that's hot. I like that in a girl. Can you even name a single person who would tolerate a relationship like that?"

"Is that what you tell all of the girls you try and add into your shitty harem?" She snarls at me. "That you're somehow the ideal man of their dreams? Because that's absolutely hysterical."

I smirk. "Is that how you think I got Emma? Making some bullshit up about how similar we are? How romantic it would be? No. Emma started throwing herself at me to make Taylor jealous, and somewhere along the way - she found out that she liked it when I was in charge. When we did the things that I wanted to do. When she submitted to me, when she sucked my cock between classes. When she handed me her virginity the moment I asked-"

I catch her fist this time. Sophia looks pissed, but doesn't try again.

"No, no, no. She found her place in the world. And it slotted right into her worldview. Predator and prey, except - this time - she'd found a larger predator. And she found that this time, she didn't mind being the prey. Might makes right. The weak serve the strong. I should thank you, Sophia. You really delivered her right to me." Another fist reaches my face. I ward it off. "And now, the same question comes back to you. If might makes right, and I'm stronger than you - what will that mean for you?"

"Doesn't matter. You aren't stronger than me." She's breathing heavily. I'm breathing heavily. Her leg is pressed between my thighs, yet she doesn't take advantage of the position to strike. We both know what the other wants already. She just wants me to prove that I can take it. Because Sophia doesn't know how to lose gracefully. Because Sophia can't be honest enough to admit that she's interested in fucking now, after being so vocally opposed before.

"Want to bet?" My grin must look every bit as feral as hers.

She doesn't back down. "What's the bet?"

"Fight to submission. Every time we win a round-" I pluck at her shirt. "-the other loses a life."

"Fucking pervert." She catches on to the insinuation immediately.

"Is that a no?" I challenge her.

"And when you've lost all of your lives?" She cocks an eyebrow at me.

"Guess we'll find out what might-makes-right really means." I propose.

"Can't argue with that." She breathes.

And then she punches me in the face. She really is too enthusiastic about that.

One round. Two rounds. Five rounds. Six. We keep going, small frenzies of activity - neither of us using our powers heavily, opting to concede once the other side gains an advantage rather than use every last trick to weasel out of it.

I start out well, but I'll admit that once I had Sophia down to her 'last legs' I lost one or two more times than I needed to. In fairness, I had never seen Sophia's bare chest before. It was distracting. Especially the way they moved around in the middle of an intense fight.

It was worth a loss or two. Because it didn't make a difference in the end. In the eighth round, I slam her against the changing room wall - and both of us freeze in place. "Last life." I tell her. "Lose them." I loosen my hold on her enough to give her room.

Slowly, almost teasingly, Sophia wraps her fingers around her last item of clothing. Her panties fall down and away, kicked away as they pool around her ankles - leaving the ebony-skinned girl utterly nude before me.

"Now, tell me. Where do we go from here?" I ask the defeated Ward.

"Absolutely nowhere, because you're too chickenshit to actually touch me-" She cuts herself off, perhaps seeing something in my expression.

"Now there's an idea." I praise her thinking. "What if we didn't do anything? What if I just... left you like this. We all go back together. I fuck Emma and Madison, and you just sit by yourself in the corner - knowing that you want to be in their place, and knowing you never will be because you couldn't admit that you actually wanted it."

"Delusional." Sophia dismisses, a hint of something unidentifiable in her voice.

"Am I? Personally, I think there's a glimmer of truth in there. I think if we both leave now, we'll both be unsatisfied by how this ended." I trace finger up her stomach, around the curve of one breast and then the other. "If I were to just take it, as you seem to want me to do so badly - you'll still be in denial. You'll still dismiss the truth, tell yourself it was forced on you - and that you were just strong enough to endure and overcome it. Like some kind of trial. I won't allow that."

"Coward." The accusation lacks heat.

"Me? Or you? All I want, Sophia - is for you to tell me that you want it. You lost, after all. A penalty must be paid - and that penalty is that you have to be honest to get the things you want." She shivers as my finger ghosts across a nipple. "I can show you everything you've been missing out on. It's like Madison and Emma were saying earlier. You don't have to call it love. You don't have to swear yourself to me forever and ever. You just have to admit, that here and now - you want to get fucked. Maybe it's nothing more than that. A one-time thing, never to be repeated. But if you want it, you have to say it."

Sophia holds my gaze for a minute, then looks away.

I shrug. "Fine then." Sophia tenses, then adopts an entirely new expression as I kick her discarded outfit up into my hands - then thrust it into her bare chest for her to hold. "Let's go and find Emma and Madison, I'm sure they'll be looking for us by now." I turn away, pulling away the small remainder of my clothes that had survived the series of 'bets' against Sophia.

This time, I'm the one that's pressed against the wall. "Fucking seriously? After all of that bluster and bravado, you're just going to walk away?"

"Pretty sure I left that choice up to you. You think I'm not willing to sleep with someone as hot as you?" I throw it back to her.

Sophia pauses for a moment. "Greg Veder isn't my type. I know him. He's a loudmouth. A sheep. A coward. A weakling. Easily led, and easily cowed. I'd never tolerate a guy like that." Sophia whispers over my shoulder into my ear. "Void, you're right about that guy. I can tolerate him. I can work with him. I can respect him. As a fellow hero. Never as anything more."

"Those two are the same person. Don't know if I managed to make that clear." I drawl sarcastically.

"Then there's this new guy in front of me. Some fucked up mix of both of them. And you know what? Maybe you're right. Maybe I was focusing too much on the parts that I used to find annoying. Maybe I was too stubborn to start again with an unbiased opinion. I can admit that." Sophia doesn't let up, but the pressure isn't painful. "So. I'll give that guy a chance. Because you are right. As much as there are bits I really, really loathe about you - there's a spark in there that speaks to me. A glimpse of something I want more of. The kind of guy that I've just been talking to for the last few minutes, that's my type of guy."

"And that means, what?" I question.

"The way I see it, we never stopped our little bet. And I seem to have you at a disadvantage." Sophia's voice turns smug. "Lose them." She mirrors my previous words to her.

A rustle of fabric. And now, I'm every bit as nude to her. And visibly, obviously, aroused.

"Looks like I win. And it looks like you win." Sophia lets me go, a rare smile adorning her face. "For my prize, I want to see if you can actually back up all of that talk." She steps back, one leg hiked up onto a bench to expose herself with deserved confidence. "So come over here and fuck me already."

"I thought you would never ask." I respond with no small amount of relief. If I'd actually passed up on this today, I'd have been kicking myself for it all night. Right move or not, that would be a case of blue balls so big that not even Emma and Madison combined could resolve it. I turn and push her into the wall, my mouth searing into hers - and my fingers questing and verifying that her dripping, sopping slit was already prepared for me. The answer? Very much so. She'd been ready since before she even lost the last round.

There's no question of a tentative, gentle insertion here. No moment of hesitation and affirmation before going in. No sooner have I lined myself up, than her legs leave the ground entirely to wrap around my waist - halfway impaling herself on my shaft before we'd even started, and forcing me to adjust for her weight by pressing her into the wall hard. Which, knowing her, was exactly the way that she wanted it. Pinned into place, relying only on our mutual grip on each other's bodies and the wall behind her to stop her from slipping down - I'm the one completely in control of the pace from here, and all Sophia can do is growl an expression of need back at me and 'encourage' me in any way that she can. Her lips don't part from mine, and I'm certain that the nails digging into my back will leave a mark - but I don't need any encouragement to truly start fucking her. With a forceful thrust, I hilt myself inside her core - getting a hitched gasp in response followed by a light bite against my lips.

With no sign of protest in sight, I pivot both hands down to her ass - taking a moment to grope her assets before taking a true handhold, leveraging her back up the wall even as I pull myself back - extracting my shaft in a slow, steady movement. Again, I slam her down as I thrust forward. I'd been looking forward to a moment like this, the time when Sophia surrendered her body to me, for so, so long. I'd been dreaming of it before I even became a Cape, since the first caustic word of mockery that she probably didn't even remember. In truth, it was a distant memory even to me now. Far more present in my mind was the constant arrogance. The constant belittlement. The constant defeats, even if I had opted into them - a man can't help but yearn for the moment when the tables turn.

And now? They had. Sophia was hot, wet and willing. That last part was somehow the best of them all. The fact that she was allowing this because she knew that she had lost. Because her worldview said that the appropriate action now, was for the winner to take their just reward - and for the loser to meekly submit. That was why Sophia had positioned herself like this, a passenger along for the ride and offering blanket permission for whatever I wanted to do with her. A position like this wasn't one of equals exploring their first time together, each nervous for the other's sake. No. For me, this was about claiming my prize. For her, this was about finally getting a taste of what it meant to be a woman. Getting a taste of what it meant for a predator to claim you. A temporary taste of submission and defeat, for someone obsessed with violence and victory.

And she wouldn't admit it any time soon - but she was loving it. She thrusts her body back towards mine without even prompting in time with my long, hard strokes - her breasts heaving with each twitch and muted gasp as her inner walls clamp down on me from all sides. Our lips break apart for a moment, both of us momentarily free to speak and give voice to the hunger in our eyes.

"H-harder." Sophia seems beyond entire sentences, but she manages to force out one last plea. "Don't stop."

I don't.

I continue to fuck her, and this time - I get the rare treat of an aborted moan escaping from Sophia's throat, before one of her hands comes up to cover her mouth. A look of genuine embarrassment fills her expression.

I let out a wild smile. "Don't be afraid to be genuine. Get used to it, I'll be making you feel like this for many more times to come. You're mine now."

"I'm noone's." She bites back.

I don't immediately need to contradict that. A slight whimper racing through her body, the way her she bites down hard on her own lip, the way she tightens against me, legs turning from a loose grip into an immovable lock, the dark flush racing across her skin - I don't even comment out loud on her orgasm, but by the time her dazed eyes meet mine again - she flushes and looks away from my knowing gaze.

"You don't think so?" I ask the rhetorical question, never for a single moment slowing in my pace. "You think that there could be someone else out there for you? I won't allow it." To any other girl, that would sound like a red flag. Something a genuine, controlling psychopath might say. For Sophia, the domineering personality, the unwavering self-confidence, the arrogance and the ability to back it up... that was everything that an ideal partner should have. Sophia would never be satisfied with kindness and flowers. She might have more of a girly side than she wanted to admit, but at her core - she wanted someone who fit neatly into her philosophy.

And that someone was me. Apex predator, at your service.

"It's not up to you." Sophia asserts. Trying to wriggle and wrestle for any sort of control over the argument. The eager way she fucked herself on my shaft, the heavy flush across her skin and the shine in her eyes told the true tale. This wasn't a real argument. This was a play. This was dirty talk, to her. Except she didn't want to be called names. She wanted the victor to assert dominance over the loser. To tell her about her new place. About the way that the world was going to be.

"It's up to nobody except me." I correct her. "You think this is the last time we'll ever do this? Your body is mine now. You'll come crawling back for more, like it or not. No different to Emma."

"This doesn't mean anything." Sophia denies. "You think I'll just meekly play along because you got lucky in a fight a few times? So you lucked out with your powers, now you think that you're the perfect boyfriend? After today, you'll never have the chance to touch me again. One-time deal."

I slam her back into the wall. "You're right, in some ways. I know a simple little fight like this isn't enough. All this is, for now, is a bit of fun on the side - right? Experimentation." She doesn't respond. "Which is why you'll need to be reminded. And I will. Before our patrols. Before school. We can do the same thing we did here. And you'll lose, again. And you'll give your body to me, again. Until one day, you can't hide from the truth anymore. That you've long-since become my eager little fuckpet. That nobody else could satisfy you. That you can't help yourself anymore. My obedient little slut."

"Cute speech." She taunts. "Let's see you back it up one day."

"One day? I don't think so." I pant. "How about Tuesday? The first day back at Winslow. We meet up, same place we fought when we first met in costume. We fight. And when I win? You can show me how embarrassingly bad you are at sucking cock."

Sophia aborts a bark of laughter. "And why would I agree to that? What do I get in return?"

"If you win? Doesn't matter. It isn't going to happen." I taunt. "You can use your imagination."

"Cocky shit." She swears at me. "I'll be there."

"The first day of your training." I tell her.

A competitive grin finds its way onto her face. "The first day of your humiliation."

We seal the promise with another kiss. Tongues wrestling for dominance, even while her body does its best to match my pace. "I'm going to cum." I tell her.

"So what? Just do it." Comes the immediate response.

"I was going to. You think I needed your permission to breed my latest cum receptacle?" I smirk as her nails dig into my back at the demeaning taunt.

"It doesn't mean anything." She tells me. "What, you think I'm stupid enough to carry around some shitty baby for most of the year? Get over yourself."

"Not yet." She goes silent and a little wide-eyed at that, perhaps not expecting a serious response. But by the way her pussy tightens and no immediate denial comes back, the idea isn't as anathema to her as I would have expected.

"J-just get it over with already." She pleads.

Faced with the first genuine line I've heard from her in a while, any last resistance crumbles. I bury myself inside her, allowing gravity and her legs to sink herself down onto me in turn - every last inch, every last milimeter, filling the ebony girl up entirely. "Mine." I hiss into her ear as my cum erupts into her very core. This time, there's no answering denial. Just mutual panting between two sweaty, exhausted, bruised partners - one firmly lodged inside the other, unwilling to be the first to break away. Even after my cock is milked dry, we stay locked there for a moment longer - lost in a mutual satisfaction that neither of us can deny.

And that's how Madison finds us.

She blinks.

Sophia's face drains in horrified embarrassment.

Madison's expression turns into a salacious grin. "Nice."

"I'm not-" Sophia begins, separating from me with a wet squelch. "This isn't-"

"Mads? Are they there? I think they were evacuating people earlier, so they might have- Oh!" Emma comes into view, and stops dead at the sight of the nude, blushing Sophia trying ineffectually to cover herself or the trickle of cum leaking down her inner thighs.

Madison squees. "Two enemies, locked in a room via unknown Tinkertech - sparks start to fly as hateful arguments turn to passionate romance!"

"I knew you two would get along if you gave each other a chance." Emma adds, eyes alight with hidden emotion.

"What are you even talking about? Don't- never say anything like that again." Sophia tries to reassert some control over the pair. "This is nothing like that. We just-" She pauses. "-just, had some realisations." She realises her mistake as a fresh squee emerges from Madison. "Not like that! I-"

I raise an eyebrow. It's not like she can reveal that 'discovering' each others identities changed a few perspectives.

"It's-" She grits her teeth. "It's something like that." She reluctantly backtracks, acting as if the words were being forced out of her under torture. It's the easiest explanation to safeguard her identity, even if there would have to be a more convoluted explanation for Emma later that didn't involve Void Cowboy.

"That's so cute." Madison croons. "I'm so happy for you both-"

"We aren't together! We were just experimenting. Nothing serious." Sophia insists, clearly feeling that her message wasn't getting across.

Madison's grin turns sharklike. "That's right, Sophia. It's nothing serious. Just a bit of fun. And now that we all agree, and we all seem happy to include Greg in the fun - I have a few ideas about some games and entertainment for tonight..."

The implication is obvious. Whatever form it takes, it's doubtless going to devolve into an orgy if she doesn't deny them outright. I haven't fully cleared Sophia's challenges, but given the events of today - it wasn't entirely out of the question for her to allow it anyway.

Emma and Madison take turns whispering into an increasingly flushed Sophia's ear. A nervous Sophia that looked out of her depth. Cute. "W-we'll see what happens." The refusal doesn't come. "J-just let me - us - get changed already. Out!"

The two scarper, sharing equally wide grins and already talking amongst themselves.

We get dressed in silence for a moment. Sophia grabbing my stolen outfit and shoving it unceremoniously into her own bag without asking. It's not until we're both dressed, something approaching decent - that I break the silence.

"Looking forward to tonight, are we?" I probe. "Didn't even have to remind you of your situation before you agreed."

She spins to face me. "Listen, it doesn't mean anything-" She snarls at me, as if acting indignant and aggressive might undo everything that happened just now.

I pinch her ass on the way out. "Good girl."

"I am not-" I whistle over her hushed protests, reuniting with Emma and Madison - ready to leave this action-packed day behind us.

Leaving only an action-packed night ahead.

--

AN: You know, I loved writing this chapter. Took some liberties on the power front, but... it was fun. The next chapter is technically up on my Patreon, but its a bit shorter than usual and honestly I don't think it was as good so don't feel the need to rush over there and look at it. I've got a few other chapters across the 60% mark or so for a full update, so I'll probably post some of those first before the next update for this is ready.

I'm not updating the character sheet. I did it last time, I ain't touching it this time. Motivation is at an all-time low. Just re-read the entire fic if you get confused. No biggie.
Last edited: Feb 22, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, coldpyr0 and 869 others
Tamzar
Feb 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-One
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Mar 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,864
"-in and debrief whenever I feel like it. Maybe if you actually did your jobs, I wouldn't have to put my identity at risk doing it for you - and now you want me to risk it even more by coming in to get moaned at when I've already committed to my own plans? Fuck. Off. You can wait. Swap out my console duty for someone else and I'll sit and do your interview then, and if you can't do that - then you know where you can shove it." Sophia snarls into her phone.

I wait until she hangs up, glancing over across the street to verify that Emma and Madison were both still peering at the timetable trying to work out how best to get back to Emma's house. "Anyone would think you don't actually like your employer, talking like that." I state drily.

"Useless. All of them." Sophia gripes. "No interest in calling me when they're completely failing to stop the Empire and Lung tearing shreds out of each other, but the moment I dare to do something when it happens right next to me? Oh, Sophia! You should really come in and explain your actions. Please make a report-" She pulls a face. "There's no getting out of it, but the least I can do is tell them to stuff it for a day or two. I'm not a pet that they can order inside whenever it is convenient for them, unlike them, I've got stuff to do that I actually care about."

I wave. "Hi. I'm stuff."

She stares at me. "What?" The joke sails over her head.

"Nothing." I cough as she gives me a deeply suspicious look. "Well. Don't let the PRT keep you down. We might know each other's identities now, but that's no reason to break up a partnership that was going so well. I don't know exactly what Team Void Cowboy is going to do next, but our insect-loving friend would definitely appreciate you showing up to kick her ass again-" She snorts. "-and personally, I was kind of hoping to achieve something a bit more tangible soon. Less focus on the small fry on patrol, more on taking a swing at the smaller gangs or taking a chunk out of the Empire. I've got a lead on the Merchants that I need to chase up. Just two Capes and a bunch of drugged-up gangbangers, wouldn't be hard for you to discretely get some work done in the chaos if you were interested - even if you didn't want to show your face." I pause. "Unless you aren't interested? We can-"

"Of course I'm interested." She snaps. "This- That-" She waves a hand behind us expressively. "That was just- that wasn't anything. Nothing has changed. Everything will be normal tomorrow. Don't go thinking that just because we had a- a moment where things got a bit heated-" She checks in Emma's direction again before lowering her voice. "-that anything is different now. I'm still looking to actually make a difference in this shithole, and if the best way to do that involves putting up with you - then that's just the way it has to be."

"I'm happy to hear that." I give her a genuine smile.

"Didn't ask for your opinion." She grumbles.

"Tough. You're going to get it anyway." I cheer, arm wrapping around her waist. "Now that we've established that you've just been a total tsundere the entire time-"

"I don't care what that means, but keep your delusions to yourself." A momentary pause. "And move that hand before I break it."

I let a slightly rabid smile eke onto my expression as I squeeze deliberately. "You think you can?"

"I know that I can." Her self-confidence sure is something. "Did you already forget how things went before this weekend? You got lucky once or twice, and then I kicked your ass. This is no different."

"I guess we'll see next time." I shrug lazily. "But if you're really that shy about all of this, I suppose I'll just have to respect that-"

"Why would I be shy about anything?" Sophia hisses. "Where did you even pull that from?"

"Is there another reason to act so scared of a bit of a casual affection?" I blink, a look of faux-innocence on my face. "I get it, don't worry. You've got this tough-girl persona going, you don't know how to react to something like this so you just threaten to punch the problem in the face like you do for everything else-"

"Complete drivel from an armchair psychologist." Sophia dismisses.

"Trained and qualified via a career of commenting on PHO." I confirm merrily. "But come on. It's not like street cred is an answer. Nobody around here aside from us is going to know you. We look like a typical couple to these strangers, so a bit of physicality looks normal. Madison and Emma are the only ones who know you personally - and they don't exactly have any room to criticise or judge. And on top of that, it's a bit late to try and be discrete or keep things from them, given that they got front row seats to me pumping you full of cum just a while ago."

Sophia looks pained. "Do you have to say that out loud?"

"Absolutely." I confirm. "Why? Don't tell me you're embarrassed about doing it with me? You'll hurt my ego. I might cry."

"Maybe your ego needs to be hurt." She replies sourly. "But that's beside the point. You're acting too familiar. We're not together, we just-" The pained expression on her face intensifies. "-happened to fuck one time. That's all. A bit of experimentation. I'm not eye-candy for you to parade around in public like those two. Whatever bullshit Emma convinced you into with Madison, the two of us are not going to be anything like that. I'll admit it was better than I expected, but I've got other priorities. I'm not like them."

"Of course you're not like them." I agree. "You're Shadow Stalker. Professional heroine. Track star. The only person in the entire world aside from me who knows that Greg is secretly Void Cowboy. One of the best non-Brute hand-to-hand fighters in the Bay. Part-time member of Void Cowboy's dream team. You're not-" I wave a hand in the air expressively. "-purely defined by your relationship to me. It's not like all of that other stuff gets washed away because you got laid and liked it." I cross my arms. "Is that what you're worried about? You think I'll treat you like a joke now that we both know I'm stronger in a fair fight?"

"Stop taking that last part for granted." Sophia snips. "Or, actually, keep taking it for granted. It will make it funnier when you crash and burn later."

"Dodging the question." I accuse, waving her off. "But it was rhetorical anyway. It's impressive really, you're saying all the right words about how little it changes, but you're getting overly confrontational because you don't really believe it. You're thinking about sex like a power dynamic thing. That if you give up a bit of ground and admit that you enjoyed it, you've lost somehow. It doesn't need to be that deep." I lock eyes with her. "When Void Cowboy rolls up with Shadow Stalker to crack some heads together, what does it really matter if they've fucked each other before or not? When Sophia and Greg are chilling at the cafeteria, how does anything change after today? It's not like we're going to start fucking on the tables in front of everyone. It isn't really any different to putting the mask on to do Cape shit, except - you know, we're doing private stuff instead of public."

She crosses her arms. "Is there a point to all of this yapping?"

"Just trying to make my position clear. You seem pretty defensive about the whole thing, and I'd hate to think that someone would actually regret having sex with me. Devastating for the ego, you see." I shake my head. "And I wouldn't want you to feel like you shouldn't join in on the fun tonight just because you feel like you need an excuse to justify it."

She scowls. "You've overthinking it. Whatever I do or don't decide to do has nothing to do with you, and everything to do with me."

"Sure." I agree easily. "I just feel like you'd psych yourself out if I didn't say anything. It's only been twenty-minutes since your legs were locked around my waist, and you're already trying to frame it like it was a drunken one-night stand never to be repeated."

"Maybe my standards recovered from my momentary lapse in judgement." Her attention is drawn to the pair of girls across the street, waving and gesturing at the bus stop closest to them. We both start walking in sync.

I roll my eyes at her. "You're just saying that to be a bitch, we both know that entire thing happened for the exact opposite reason. There's still nobody in the Bay other than me that could ever suit you. There's not even a sliver of competition in the same league and we both know it. I'm the only guy that looks at your whole, fucked-up philosophy and gives you so much as the time of day about it. I'm the only guy who fits into it. Every reason that we fucked back there is just as true now as it was back then."

"Exactly." She latches onto something I said. "It was just- everything just happened to line up for you and you were the best option at the time. It wasn't that you're special to me, it was just that everyone else failed to match up." We cross the road. "You're acting like we're soulmates or something just because we agree on a few things, but I could get the same from another guy easily. If I wanted to. Easily. I could even do it tonight - probably better than listening to you three fuck all night."

I cock an eyebrow. "And what kind of reaction are you hoping to get out of me with that? Should I get jealous? Tell you that, no, you're mine? That I won't let another man have you? I could do that, if you wanted. It wouldn't be hard. Even if you might protest that you think you're still close to me in a fair fight, even the most relentless optimist would have to admit that won't be the case for much longer. My power is to get more powers. There'll come a point where holding you down, doing whatever I liked to your body - it wouldn't even be a struggle for me. Is that what you want? That's got to be the epitome of the whole predator and prey thing you love so much, right? The strong take what they want, even if that happens to be you?"

Sophia pretends to ignore me, fishing in her pockets for change for the bus as the other pair of girls hop on to the newly arrived vehicle ahead of us.

I smile widely. "Or maybe I should call your bluff. See if it really is so easy to find another guy who understands you like I do. Who tolerates you like I do. Who enables you like I do. A Cape, powerful, pragmatic - sharing the same vision as you. Someone that's already friends with your friends. Someone who empathises with your struggle in the Wards, and is willing to extend a hand to give you the outlet you need. Might be hard to find someone like that, let alone one of them happy to settle down and play happy families with a violent Ward that can't show a bit of honesty or weakness to save her life. There can't be many guys like that around, but at least they won't be called Greg, right? Isn't that the real crux of the issue? That you've already decided the kind of guy that Greg was, and you don't want to admit that you were wrong? If that's the search you really want to go on, then you could go right ahead and look for that mythical guy. I won't stop you."

That was a lie, but it didn't matter. I was on a roll now. The words flowing from my tongue like molten butter, I wasn't just speaking a few pithy words. I was resonating with Sophia, with something inside Sophia, in a way that just felt right. In the same way that Leet had needed me to show her praise and support, and that Taylor needed connection and trust from me - Sophia needed to see power and confidence.

I lean in. "But, naturally. I wouldn't be an option any more. Do you think someone on a trajectory to overtake Eidolon one day is going to just keep pining after you? Do you think I'm the kind of person to just cling to the idea of being with someone like that, unable to let the idea go once it's settled in? Hoping that you might change your mind?" That was absolutely who I was, but I couldn't exactly say that. The whole thing with Taylor was practically the definition of that, but it had also proven that there's a certain feeling of satisfaction at overcoming that initial rejection. "Ridiculous. I don't need you. And, in fairness, you don't need me. You'd be fine. Alone, but fine. I don't want things to be that way, but I'm not willing to play a game of hard-to-get like that. Nor, I think, would you even like someone that was enough of a doormat to tolerate it."

Sophia shifts on her feet. "I said it was an option for me, not one that I was particularly interested in. I'm a girl. I'm hot. It wouldn't be difficult, if I was motivated enough."

"It's not an option for you." I disagree. "You're not just looking to get laid. You need something more intangible than that, and I'm the only one that can give it to you."

"So far." Sophia asserts. "Besides, I'm sure plenty of people have told their old exes that they would never find anyone better than them." We slow as a sizable group of elderly couples purchase tickets in front of us - keeping our distance and our voices low. "Generally, they look pretty delusional from the outside."

"Generally." I concede. "But we're not normal people acting out a normal relationship. Normal people don't fistfight each other in the changing rooms as foreplay or prance around in costumes at night. We're different." I pause, then make a face. "And what do you mean, 'old exes'? Don't tell me I've been thrown out already? You'll break my heart."

"It was an example, I wasn't talking about you. Idiot." Sophia glares at me. "We never even had a relationship like that in the first place."

"Right. Nothing as scandalous as kissing or holding hands in public." I nod. "Just violent fucking in the changing rooms in the aftermath of a supervillain attack. Anyone could see that there's nothing going on between us."

Sophia's tongue clicks against the roof of her mouth. She can't refute that, and she knows it.

Sophia looks around. "So... you fucking Bug?" It's a clumsy, crude deflection of the topic. I arc an eyebrow at the painfully-obvious move. She doesn't meet my gaze, pretending to stare vigilantly at the couple fumbling with change ahead of us just out of earshot.

"I don't know if I should answer that." I shrug airily.

"That's a 'yes' then." Sophia tilts her head. "Nice."

I roll my shoulders sheepishly. I wasn't really particularly invested into hiding it. Not enough to outright lie, which was obviously an answer all on its own. "Any particular relevance in bringing her up?" I probe.

"Trying to work out if I should warn her about the fact that you're a public menace without a sense of shame." She drawls.

"She already knows." I shrug. "Hell, she's probably just as bad. I told her I was already in a relationship of sorts when she came onto me, but that only seemed to make her more enthusiastic."

Sophia pauses. "No kidding?"

"No kidding." I confirm.

Sophia blinks. "Would never have expected that from her." Sophia admits.

"It's always the quiet ones." I respond. "What can I say? She knew what she wanted, and she went out to get it. Straightforward honesty just works. You could learn from her example."

Her lips thin. "What's there to even be honest about? I think I've made my feelings on... us, perfectly clear."

"For one thing, there was that moment just now where you were pretending that you had any intention of doing anything other than getting fucked along with your best friends tonight." I counter. "A situation that we both know was purely a hypothetical one with no basis in reality."

"Pretending? Hypothetical?" Sophia challenges. "You really think that's what it was?"

"I know that's what it was." I confirm.

Sophia seems bemused. "And how, exactly, did you come to that conclusion?"

"Because for all your complaining, my hand is still right where it was." I squeeze down again. "Actions speak louder than words, right? And right now, your actions are telling me that you'll play along if it means getting to pick back up where we left off. That you're completely onboard with what I'm doing and how I'm acting." I pull her body closer to mine. "All of this talking is just... well. Talking. Nothing has changed since we were back in the mall. If those two hadn't shown up, we'd probably still be there - taking our sweet time with each other. Tell me I'm wrong."

"That was then. I got caught up in the heat of the moment. How many times do I have to say it? It doesn't mean a thing-" I press my lips to hers to cut her off, pulling her into me and letting my other hand roam to match the other. I'd either get punched in the face for this and have to deal with a furious, embarrassed Sophia - or she'd have to come to terms with the fact that she was just objecting for the sake of being difficult.

No punch yet. Good sign. I break away, remaining close. "I don't know about you, but I'm still feeling caught up in the moment. I still want to fuck you in every way possible, this is all just a temporary interruption. I want you, you want me. The only one worrying about stupid crap that doesn't matter here is you."

Sophia tries and fails to step backwards as I hold her close. "What are you doing?" She hisses at me. "I told you, we're not- we're not like that!"

"Like what? Boyfriend and girlfriend? I told you. That's nothing worth worrying about. Small details, who cares what anyone around here thinks?" I shake my head. "The things that I want. The things that you want. Those are the only things that matter. I feel like I've been pretty honest so far, so maybe I'm due some honesty in return. Do you want to head back and get laid or not? Don't worry about what our relationship is and isn't. We'll work it out in our own time. Just answer the question."

Fighting a dark flush on her cheeks, Sophia's mouth opens in reflexive, indignant anger - before clicking shut again with a frustrated snap. "If you want to be that obnoxious about it, I'll admit that you were... tolerable enough that I'm not entirely opposed to picking up where we left off. Once. Only because I enjoyed it, it's not because of you."

"I'm sure." I agree blandly. It seemed like she was dead-set on maintaining this position, and trying to argue her out of it now was pointless. Better to just let her face reality over time. "Nothing to do with me."

"It's not." She insists. "I meant that. It could be anyone. What we have isn't romantic. It's just physical. I mean, I'll admit that I wasn't really serious about finding someone else - but I wasn't wrong either. I'm not looking for a boyfriend, and if all I wanted was to get laid - I could have done it easily without having anything to do with you."

I click my fingers in the air. "But you wanted more than that. You got more than that. You just said it yourself, if you truly wanted a mere fling - I wouldn't even need to be involved. We'd never need to have this conversation. We didn't fuck back there because you were too horny and felt like sleeping with the first thing to move, we fucked because we clicked together. You're just embarrassed to admit that. It's kind of cute, actually."

"Cute?" An offended expression appears on her face at the word. "You're being ridiculous, and I'm not embarrassed about anything."

My lips quirk upwards. "Then why is it so hard for you to admit that you're interested? Surely it's such a small, trivial thing to say that you want to fuck again, especially if there's nothing serious behind it."

"I already said that I was willing to... see where things went. Maybe continue where we left off, if the mood was right. You weren't as terrible as I expected, so I'll allow that much." Sophia shifts in my grasp. "What more do you even want me to say? If you want a heartfelt confession then go and suck up to Emma, you won't ever hear any of that crap from me."

"That's fine, it's not like I expected that from you. Regardless of what comes out of your mouth, you've been all too happy for me to do as I please so far-" I grope her ass again. "-so if you just keep being this obedient, I'll give you everything you want from me without you having to say a word about how you really feel."

"Obedient?!" Her voice climbs an octave, the furious exclamation punctuated by an attempt to drive her heel into my foot. "You are so lucky that we're in public right now. I will genuinely murder you the instant we're alone."

"Is that how you think things are going to go when we find ourselves alone, in private?" I lean in. "We could bring that challenge you had planned for our next day at school forward, no problem. I'm sure I don't need to explain how that will end. Besides, how else would you describe how... compliant you're being? You wouldn't let anyone else get away with what I've been doing."

She looks away. "You won the bet. That's all."

"It still counts, even after we left that building?" I grin. "My, and here I thought I'd have to go for round two to get you on board. I suppose that means that I've got you for the rest of the day then. Correct?"

Sophia looks like she wants to ignore the question for a moment, but as the pause lengthens - a slight hint of a reluctant nod comes out. "...as long as you don't make it weird." Sophia agrees after a moment. "You step over the line, I'll put you in the dirt. Don't forget that."

"Scary." I lie. She scowls at me. "But don't worry, I'll do my best to live up to your expectations." I flick my eyes up the now nearly-gone queue in front of us. "How about we hop on this bus before it leaves, now that we're both on the same page about what happens when we get back? If you have any kinky preferences, I'll be all ears on the way back."

"Dream on." Sophia has finally had enough, breaking away and stomping up to the bus still waiting to leave. "I have no intention of sitting anywhere near you. Just because you have a few things that you're tolerable at, doesn't mean I need to put up with you all the time."

We both quietly pay and make our way to the back of the bus where Emma and Madison have taken over the back rows with their bags of shopping. "That's a real shame. And all I was going to do on the way back was to shitpost on PHO." I sigh loudly.

Sophia ignores me for a moment, then freezes mid-stride. She turns and gives me a suspicious, searching look.

I return an innocent smile. In truth, I wasn't planning on saying anything too crazy. But sometimes, Void Cowboy's reputation was useful.

Three and a half minutes later, the bus takes off - Sophia and I lurching slighly in our seats at the motion, Sophia's attempt to grapple my phone away momentarily interrupted.

"You two are so cute together!" Emma gushes.

"It is not like that." Sophia insists, a quiet look of warning in her eyes as she looks at me - and then at my phone as I pull it away and out of her immediate reach.

"Of course." Madison 'agrees' slyly.

"It's not. I'm just making sure-" Sophia cools down, doubtless seeing how any further attempt to seize the phone would just be interpreted as simple playfighting between lovers at this point. "-just don't type anything weird. I'm watching."

"I've never written anything weird in my life." I assure her. "But if you really insist-" I pull her body closer to mine. "-you can just lean over and supervise. Just to make sure."

"You're still getting too handsy." Sophia gripes, but moves closer with the motion anyway.

I bob my head. Correct. "You don't hate it."

"I do." Sophia dismisses once again. "I'm just more concerned over what bullshit you're about to type into PHO."

"Since when do you care so much about my internet browsing habits?" I probe innocently.

"Sounds like an excuse to me." Madison agrees. "I can't blame you, but you can be honest with us!"

Sophia's foot stomps down on to mine. "If you don't stop being obnoxious, they'll never find your body." The promise lacks heat.

My hand inches up under her shirt. "My apologies, I didn't mean to annoy you." Insincerity flows from my tongue. "Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

"You can hurry up and open PHO already." She huffs. "Do you think I sat next to you for fun? If I don't have to worry about you saying something stupid, I'll just sit somewhere else."

"I can do that." I smile, a brief moment of movement enough to give a finger room to trace up around the curve of her breasts. She stiffens slightly as I brush over her areola. "Is that all you want? Nothing else you want me to do? Or to stop doing?"

Sophia doesn't look at me. "Just get on with it already." She leans slightly into me, as if pretending to look at something on the locked screen. "I'm as curious about what they're saying as you are."

I smother a smile. Our little argument seemed to have done something, at least. The loud protests were gone now, replaced with a determined focus to not acknowledge the fact that she was seemingly content with being groped. The defiance and casual threats of violence probably wouldn't disappear, but going off of the fact that she didn't seem to have much of a problem with me molesting her right now along with her apparent acceptance of the orgy that this evening would probably devolve into... the words were toothless. The events of the last hour had her rattled, and she was content to settle down in line until she gathered herself together and decided that it was all a fluke.

And, of course, I'd be there to remind her otherwise once that happened. Despite the bluster, I actually expected Sophia to be fairly easy to handle. For all the heat and anger, she'd proven that she could naturally set into a more submissive role given the right encouragement. If I simply handled her outbursts and reminded her of her place every now and then, I was pretty confident that she could end up just as submissive and obedient as Emma without fully completing her challenges.

Speaking of... Sophia still had her last two challenges to go. Both of them should have the CONT modifier, which probably meant that I'd be back to difficult fights with the more talkative versions of Shadow-Sophia. One that was less inclined to play around, if her previous statement on the lack of an EVNT modifier was to be believed - but something I could work on, nevertheless.

...but not now. I didn't need to attempt it now. I didn't want to stretch myself with too many attempts in a row, like I had in Canberra. I should pace myself a bit. Enjoy the downtime for a while before trying to puzzle out a trick to handle a version of Sophia that knew me better than the real one did.

At the irritated reminder of the girl leaning on my shoulder, I pull open PHO with my spare hand.



PHO Mobile

Thread: Gang activity?

Author: WeakestBrocktonite

Displaying posts 61-80:



►WeakestBrocktonite (Original Poster)

I've updated the original post with the most recent status of all the Cape fights around the city, but I think it seems mostly over by now. The Protectorate are patrolling in force right now, but they don't seem to be chasing after anyone in particular.

►WizardPosting (Cape Groupie)

WeakestBrocktonite - That's typical hero behaviour. Hide under the couch while the gangs wreak havoc, then come out and look tough when they get bored and decide to go home.

►PomeranianOne

So... are we going to get an explanation for why exactly the city is on fire? You can't tell me that this is normal. Practically every Cape in the city just puts up dukes and starts brawling in the same hour or two? Any one of these fights would be the crime highlight of the week, you can't tell me that's normal. Seems planned out to me.

►Meguca17

PomeranianOne - The ABB and E88 have been trying to bust each other's balls for years, the PRT was always going to come and supervise when they made a serious attempt to off Lung. Failure or not, there's nothing weird here - it was all a long time coming.

►PomeranianOne

Meguca17 - No, seriously. Can you even list a single group that wasn't involved at some point? The E88 fighting Lung. The Merchants picking a fight with a literal mound of garbage in the Trainyards. Circus openly loots three jewellery stores in a row and embarrasses half of the Wards. The Undersiders take advantage of the chaos and do a smash and grab on a casino for their biggest heist ever. Uber and Leet take a shopping mall hostage and fight the other half of the Wards and a random vigilante. That's not normal. Every villain group in the city just woke up and chose violence at the same time - and nobody has any reason why?

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

PomeranianOne - So I actually heard an interesting snippet while I was throwing down with U+L. While they were obviously planning an episode anyway, it turns out that they got paid to start their show at a specific time and place. Now I'm not saying that it was all a plot to keep all the heroes busy or anything... but it's awfully convenient, isn't it? Who stands to gain from drama like this?

►XMarley

Interesting theory, but... XxVoid_CowboyxX detected, opinion discarded. You're just back to conspiracy theory schizo-posting, except you have powers now.

►Whorlkeeper

XxVoid_CowboyxX - Sounds like Director Piggot is paying the villains behind the scenes to try and justify her job. Kick the PRT out already!

►MoreBodies

Whorlkeeper - Delusional. Why would the PRT want this? It's obviously a villain - it's just a question of which one it was. Nothing else seemed to happen that the OP hasn't covered, so it was probably just the Empire hoping to distract enough heroes so that nobody could stop them trying to 8v1 Lung (and losing).

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

Whorlkeeper - Now don't get me wrong, I love a good conspiracy theory as much as everyone else - but if Piggot was behind this, you would think she would actually make herself look competent. I mean, the heroes did nothing. The communication from the PRT sucked. Zero arrests. Hell, I was just fighting Uber and Leet and the Wards kind of sukckkafejwegnfahsfjlfasdjkdja

►Whorlkeeper

XxVoid_CowboyxX - Bro?

►OnlyPans

XxVoid_CowboyxX - The PRT got him. Never mess with the Big Cape industry.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

I would like to correct my former statement. Most of the heroes did nothing. Shadow Stalker was a useful and valued partner in the fight against Uber and Leet.

►OnlyPans

XxVoid_CowboyxX - WAIT I WAS JOKING - THEY ACTUALLY GOT HIM

►Whorlkeeper

XxVoid_CowboyxX - Blink three times if they've got a taser to your balls right now.

►SparksFly11

Read his posts again. He's still calling the heroes trash, he's just saying Shadow Stalker was cool. You know what that means? He's not a government stooge. He's a simp.

Give it up dude. She's out of your league.

►PlotAmore

SparksFly11 - Can't blame him for trying.

►WeakestBrocktonite (Original Poster)

Getting back on topic before a mod locks this, I've added a link to the U + L livestream on the main post, and a link to VC's claims in the thread as it seems potentially relevant coming from a Cape. The PRT is doing a press conference in an hour to discuss their role in things. (link)

►PoliceEscort

WeakestBrocktonite - I thought the Empire made a clean getaway from the mess with Lung, but I'm hearing that Victor and Krieg just got thrown into a cell. Some good news from all of this, if that revolving door of a prison actually stays shut for once.

►WeakestBrocktonite (Original Poster)

PoliceEscort - Thanks, added to the original post.

---

Private message from ABugInBrockton:

ABugInBrockton: Hey, are you around? There's some kind of fight going on around our usual patrol areas, just wanted to know you were around to check it out with me.

ABugInBrockton: Don't feel like you have to or anything, I'm just kind of used to having a partner around.

ABugInBrockton: Guess you're busy. Don't worry about it, it was always a long shot with this kind of notice.

ABugInBrockton: I'll try and do what I can.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Sorry, had some drama myself as well. Are you alright? Seems like the gangs were everywhere just now.

ABugInBrockton: I'm fine. Great, actually.

ABugInBrockton: I caught Victor!

ABugInBrockton: Well, I didn't know it was Victor. I just thought it was a random guy standing watch on the roof and took him down with the rest of the armed guys running around the street.

ABugInBrockton: Only found out it was him when the police were rounding everyone up and noticed.

ABugInBrockton: I got to speak with Dauntless! He said I acted like a real hero, got another invite to join the Wards.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Did you really need more of those?

ABugInBrockton: I turned him down, obviously.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Obviously.

ABugInBrockton: Rune, Stormtiger and Krieg showed up trying to pick him up before the cops could take off. Walked right into Dauntless and New Wave before I could do anything. So Krieg is sitting in cuffs right next to him! The others ran away - New Wave took off after them but I don't think they had much luck.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Your day sounds a lot more successful than mine.

ABugInBrockton: I saw the thread. Not the stream though. I'll need to wait till I get home to see that.

ABugInBrockton: Shadow Stalker, huh? Fair enough.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: It wasn't a deliberate team-up if that's what you mean. We were both in the area, I was actually in my civ ID - not even on patrol. Don't want you to feel snubbed or anything.

ABugInBrockton: It wouldn't be a problem even if you did team up. I can handle it. And I feel like I did better than I expected on my own.

ABugInBrockton: You don't have to worry about me. I'm a hero too.

ABugInBrockton: And, when I was speaking with Dauntless - we were talking about names.

ABugInBrockton: Long story short, I'm not Bug anymore.

ABugInBrockton: I'm Arachne now.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Like the spider boss in Ultimate Fantasy 6? Nice reference. A bit niche, but I approve.

ABugInBrockton: That was a joke, right?

ABugInBrockton: ...?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Yeah, sure. Joke. You know me. A regular comedian.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: I like it better than Bug. Still not quite as cool as mine.

ABugInBrockton: I... wouldn't want to try and infringe on your... "style".

XxVoid_CowboyxX: What's with the hesitation? The quotes???

ABugInBrockton: Anyway, do I need to change my PHO username? Is that even possible?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: You can just get the mods to add a flair, but they can rename you too. I just kept my original tag, the PHOWiki will get updated to link to your actual profile anyway.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: That was totally just a distraction from your comments about my naming choices, wasn't it?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hello?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: You know that I can see you've read these, right?

ABugInBrockton is offline.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: ???



"There's no sense pretending not to be nosy." I drawl to the girl pretending to look out the window.

"You think I care even a little bit about your message history?" Sophia whispers.

"Obviously." I flick my eyes back to the other two, both of them momentarily distracted with an animated conversation of their own. "Don't worry, I won't point out how the only places where the good guys actually did anything of value were those places where the dream team happened to be."

"Sorry, did you do something when I wasn't looking? Or are you just leeching off of something that she did?" Sophia bites back.

I bite my retort down as the girls behind us break off in giggles, then lean back towards us to listen in our conversation. "You're right." I stop whispering. "The heroes kind of embarrassed themselves today. I didn't have much of a view of things while I was trying not to get lost, but I saw that one Ward... what's her name? The crossbow-wielding one-"

"Shadow Stalker." Emma supplies helpfully.

"That's the one." I thank her guilelessly, ignoring Sophia's death stare. "I saw that one just running down the street after this weird contraption on wheels, looked right out of a comedy stretch. It didn't look like she was taking the threat seriously at all."

"Ah-" Emma pauses. "I mean, she was the first one on the scene - it was honestly a 2v1 for most of her time there. I thought she did pretty well actually-"

"Did we watch the same video?" I blink innocently. Emma winces. She definitely had. "I just scrolled past it, give me a moment." Sophia attempts to jab me in the side of my torso, and I send her a wide grin as I show the other girls my screen. "Here, you've got to admit that this is an embarrassing look - haven't you?" I show Emma the screen of my phone.

Emma hesitates, momentarily debating the merits of completely lying to my face or not. "I don't know, context is- is important-"

Silly Emma. Sophia won't be placated by a half-hearted answer like that. You either need to commit to the slander or ignore it entirely. Dodging the question gets you the worst of both worlds. Just like that, Sophia's unimpressed glare swaps from me to Emma - as if daring an additional comment to come out. Emma returns a sheepish grin as Madison watches the footage for the first time, apparently used to soaking up Sophia's ire.

"Hold the phone." Madison shakes her head. "You had time to watch her doing all of that in between your fucking marathon?"

"Fucking marathon?" Sophia echoes dumbly.

"I mean, I was assuming that you were fucking since- well. Since basically the moment the two of us left. Like, you saw the opportunity and just went for it. Wasn't that why you were ignoring our texts?" Madison tilts her head.

"What? No! What do you even take me for?" Sophia flushes darkly.

"Then what else were you doing? Don't tell me you spent the entire time arguing and only got together at the end." Madison pauses. "Wait, did we seriously interrupt your first-" Madison flails. "I mean, I was kind of thinking you were on like, round three at the very least-"

"We were not." Sophia grinds out. "We-"

"The tiles changed, we got split up. I ended up running through the maze and got completely lost, I didn't actually find my way back to Sophia again until things were pretty much already settled." I say by way of explanation.

"And then you got to fucking in record time to celebrate. I get it." Madison claps her hands together in understanding.

"Celebrate? That's not-" Sophia shakes her head. "Forget it."

"No, go on? I'm curious as to how he found a way into your heart so quickly myself." Madison leans in with an encouraging smile.

I wave a hand in the air. "She was going to say that it had nothing to do with celebration. We had a... spirited disagreement, things got a little physical - and I suppose we just came to the mutual agreement that the winner of our little altercation could do what they wanted with the loser's body."

Madison takes a moment to process that. "A bit non-traditional... but kind of romantic in its own way? A very Sophia-way of getting some action. Like a cavewoman bonking some dude over the head with a club and dragging him back to her cave to get laid."

"Are you trying to imply something?" Sophia crosses her arms, looking somewhat put-out by the comparison.

"Nothing in particular." Madison whistles. "In hindsight, I should have guessed that it wasn't exactly chocolate, flowers and a sudden confession. That's not really your thing."

"I suppose I should learn from the best. Just randomly jump into the shower with him and take it from there." The sarcastic response comes immediately.

Madison shrugs. "Hey, if the end result is the same - does it really matter in the end?"

"Yes." Sophia bites out sourly.

"Lay off her, Madison." Emma drawls. "You know how she gets about things like this."

"I don't know, it feels like a different kind of moody this time." Madison stands up, flicking her head to the side. We all stand up with her. This is our stop. We halt the conversation as we exit the bus and pace through the streets to the brief walk remaining back to Emma's place - a temporary moratorium on lewd topics while potential eavesdroppers were around. When Emma's house comes view, Madison starts talking again as if she had never stopped. "I mean, back then it was just that she was a prude and her interest in boys was primarily in how hard they could punch - but this is different. A special kind of Sophia mood." She pauses dramatically. "It's something like: 'I was just getting dicked down and then you guys just had to interrupt us'."

Sophia lets out a snort of derision.

"You might be right." Emma agrees, ignoring Sophia's look of betrayal. "But not to worry, we still have the run of the house until tomorrow. No time limits here, you can fuck him as much as you like."

"That isn't something I was worried about." Sophia hisses out. A momentary pause. "And I'm not in any sort of mood, let alone over something as trivial as that." She glares at the two other girls, both of whom are obviously fighting teasing, smug smiles at her protests. "Who even said that I was interested in a repeat performance?"

"If you aren't, then I definitely am." Madison cheers. "What about you, Emma?"

"Naturally." Emma winks as she unlocks the door. "Wouldn't miss it for the world."

Emma spins on her toes to face us as we enter, hands already slipping under her own shirt to flick it up and away. Madison snakes her arms around my waist from behind, fingers deftly working at a belt buckle and leaving no doubts as to how little time they intend to waste here.

"Isn't this a bit sudden?" Sophia throws her hands up in the air. "I mean, just like that?"

Emma's shirt is tossed into a corner. "Yeah?"

"I thought that I was pretty clear about it." Madison's fingers slide up my torso, tracing well-defined muscles that were, admittedly, mostly my power at work. I wouldn't go as far as to say it was unearned given the general requirement to get murdered horribly in order to get the benefits of my power, but I hadn't exactly gone to the gym like everyone else. It felt fair to me. If the same amount of effort put in daily across various challenges was to be converted into real life exercise, it would have made me the most shredded guy at school. This slight conversion was nothing compared to that. I worked ten times as hard for these muscles as the next guy. Easily.

"I knew you were-" Sophia shifts on her feet. "-interested, but I didn't think that meant you would just... go for it right away!"

"I hate to say this, but I don't think either of us are going to be able to live up to your preferences on this one." Madison hums. "I'm too cute to get involved in a fistfight."

Sophia sends her a level look.

"Besides, we've got to even up the score a bit. We were mostly behaving yesterday, but who would have thought that we'd be playing catchup with you today?" Emma grins, now completely topless and doing a shameless jiggle for any onlookers.

Sophia sighs, crossing her arms. "It just doesn't feel right to just- to just make it easy for him. You're letting him win."

Emma tilts her head in thought. "That's one way to look at it, I guess. I'd rather say... I'm winning. I'm getting everything I want out of him, I'm enjoying myself - and he happens to win at the same time by being lucky enough to hook up with this-" She slides a hand down her own body, the sense of pride and self-confidence just as much on display as the rest of her body. "-which makes it all even better."

"Right. You're thinking about things too much, Sophia." One of Madison's hands wrap around my cock, the remainder of my clothes slipping around my ankles thanks to her efforts. I aid her in stepping out of them as she talks. "You didn't need any complicated reasons to fuck him before, don't let the fact that we're here now change that for you. We're hardly in a position to talk."

"No need to try and talk her into it." I shrug and lean back into the wall as Madison drops to her knees, Emma sauntering closer to sit next to her. "Maybe she'd prefer to watch." Two tongues lather each side of my fully-erect cock in sync. "Or maybe she's worried that she won't hold a candle to you two. I can imagine it might be a little embarrassing to learn how to suck dick in front of an audience, however small that audience may be."

"Oh, shut up." Sophia snarls. "I never said I wasn't going to join in, I was just making it clear that I wasn't as enthusiastic about it as you three are." Sophia starts to undress with decidedly less grace than the others. "And stop thinking that you can reverse-psychology me into doing whatever just by calling me chicken or claiming that I would be bad at it. I'm doing this because I feel like it. I'm not even listening to the drivel that comes out of your mouth."

I hold back on my default sarcastic response as she strips naked for the second time today. There was a time and a place, and that time and place was not when someone was psyching themselves up to take my cock in their mouth.

Sophia had teeth. I didn't actually expect her to be malicious... but I didn't want to antagonise her into thinking about it either.

"Budge over." Sophia squirms her way into the middle of her friends, taking the central spot of the three that were now face-to-face with my dick. "I'll just..." A flicker of uncertainty enters her eyes as she opens her mouth, leaning in awkwardly - seemingly determined to get it over with, without a concrete understanding of what exactly that would involve past the absolute basics. When she pulls away, gagging and spluttering - glaring up at me as if this was my fault - I can only send a wry smile back. That was kind of what I expected to happen.

"I'd ease into it" Emma advises, not even hesitating to set her tongue back to work on the space that Sophia had left behind - adding her suggestions in between licks and dabs. "It's not easy to take the whole thing at once, and it isn't like it's an absolute requirement to do that before he gets off. Honestly, between the three of us - I think we could just tease him with the tips of our tongues alone until he didn't have a choice but to cum all over us."

"All over you." Sophia corrects. "You can have that part. I don't see the appeal." She scowls harder. "Hell, I don't see the appeal of any of this. I'm pretty sure he's the only one getting any enjoyment out of this."

"It grew on me. I kind of like feeling him squirm because of something that I'm doing." Emma hums. "Let me show you how it's done." With that, she wraps her lips delicately around my cock and sets to work. Between her focused, practiced ministrations and the continuous teasing of Madison working on my balls - the difference in sensation must have become obvious on my face. A smug series of hums emerges from Emma as she directs Sophia's attention up to me, and Sophia apparently sees something there because she doesn't immediately dismiss Emma's words out of hand.

...was I making a weird face? Did I even care if I was? No use thinking about it. I'm probably better off not knowing.

Emma bobs up and down with gusto, not showing any signs of concern about having an audience. If anything, she seems enthused by the pressure of Sophia's attention and Madison's quiet support. A quiet groan escapes my lips as she does her best to suck me dry before suddenly slowing again, an upwards, teasing glance telling me what I already knew - that she knew exactly what she was doing to me here. Not just a simple expression of enjoyment, but deliberately leaving me on the edge - not quite in that final build-up to a climax, but close enough that the urge to simply reach out and take what I wanted to make that final step was a far more prominent thought than usual.

Maybe that said something about how much she'd gotten used to this. I'd honestly lost track of the number of times I'd had Emma like this at school. Under a desk. In a supply closer. In the unused shared toilets behind the gym. The fact that she knew me this well, well enough to play me like an instrument herself... well. That wasn't a bad thing. For all of the teasing, the threats of leaving me with blue balls and the general attitude of her feeling in charge - I was enjoying myself too. She was good at this, and she knew it.

It didn't escape me that I could bring this entire game to an end along with her smug, in-control persona simply by mentioning that Taylor was better. It would have caused more trouble than it was worth, but the chaos and reaction would have been funny once she realised I was serious. I'm sure Emma could handle losing out to literally anyone in the world apart from her. No matter how many aspects she trumped Taylor in, the knowledge that she was beaten on some level would absolutely eat away at her.

But there wasn't a need to knock Emma down a peg. Not when she was acting as such a willing partner in corrupting Sophia, her spirited worship of my cock observed with barely-concealed fascination by the ebony-skinned girl. It wasn't so long ago that she explicitly stated her interest in seeing Sophia conquered - and now, with the opportunity in front of her, she was proving that it wasn't all fantasy and talk.

But Emma has no intention of making me cum herself. She gives my length one last, loving swirl of the tongue before pulling away with a wet pop - one hand lightly pushing my shaft to the side, to the next girl in line. "Your turn." She encourages Sophia. "Watch the teeth."

To my surprise, there's no incendiary response forthcoming from Sophia. Not even an irritated remark about how she was going to do it anyway, or that she didn't even care about any of this. Instead, she lets her friend guide her in the art of how to suck a dick properly. Or, at least that's what she attempts to do. Regardless of Emma's whispered encouragement and tips, there was no escaping the fact that Sophia wasn't even close to as capable as her right now. That wasn't exactly a shock, Emma could write a book on the subject at this point. But no matter how much I sympathised, there wasn't much I could do to disguise the fact that I'd gone from moments away from blowing my load with Emma - to a somewhat sedate state of general erect-ness with Sophia.

And she realised that too. Even once she transitioned from dainty, awkward licks at the tip of my cock to actually taking some of my length into her mouth - there's a glint of impotent irritation in her eyes at the fact that what she was doing was... not doing much. That she was clearly a downgrade over her best friend.

Something about having Sophia kneeling down in front of me, taking my cock as best as she could - and doing her level best to prove that she was every bit as capable of being a slut as Emma... somehow that was hotter than her actual efforts. The fact that this was Sophia, specifically. Anyone else, I'd have already called it off - told them to spin around and bend over or something. But there was a certain sense of enjoyment here in seeing her frustration, in seeing that she'd momentarily forgotten about protesting that she wasn't even that interested in this, in seeing her debase herself and submit without even seeming to register that she was doing it.

When she half-shoves my dick towards Madison, face alight with rare, girlish embarrassment and the barest hint of shame mixing in with indignant, reflexive anger - I studiously avoid making a comment, instead opting to just enjoy the efforts of the third and final girl of the Trio. Madison wasn't quite as much of an expert as Emma, but she had already demonstrated an understanding of the basics before - something that probably indicated more than a bit of casual research into the subject and the messy, minor details - only lacking a suitable moment to put theory into practice until this weekend.

Whatever the reasons behind her prior interest, I'm reaping the benefits now. She's eager, almost as much as Emma. Her technique is a little messier, a little less practiced - but the sheer, raw desire she demonstrates more than makes up for it. Where Sophia was more focused on not making a fool of herself, and where Emma had taken a more artistic, personal approach... Madison was doing this simply because she wanted to. Arguably, she was the girl I had the least attachment to out of the three. And the same was true in reverse. We'd spoken the least, interacted with each other the least - and even our newly-sexual relationship still wore the mask of a temporary, almost transactional fling. An experiment waiting to be left behind at the right moment.

In truth, I had no complaints with any of that. Maybe if I never intended to stray beyond the confines of Winslow, things would be different - but honestly, I was fine with the possibility that I never fully clicked with Madison to the same extent as Emma and Sophia. That she might always just be 'Emma and Sophia's friend' that I fucked every now and then. She was nice enough, easy to get along with. But could I really see myself investing the same attention getting to know her like I had with Emma? Hell, even with Emma - I probably wouldn't have bothered without the connection to Taylor and my relative lack of options at the time. With my network growing, and more and more possibilities of a superheroine-filled harem around every corner - was I ever going to invest the effort to turn her from 'fuck-buddy' into 'friend'?

No. I could be honest with myself about that much. Emma had gotten lucky, in that respect. Worming her way in while a non-Cape like her was still relevant to me. Luck. That was it. I could say the same for others as well. Taylor. God knows that if I never started out with a crush on her, I'd have never put up with her issues half as well as I had. The fact that I was still willing to let bygones be bygones after she blew up at me was testament to that. After I'd died, countless times - trying to tame her bullies into... well, into the very picture I was looking at right now - I felt like I deserved a little slack. It was unfair of me, maybe. It wasn't like Taylor had a chance of understanding what I was going through for her sake, but she never exactly gave me the benefit of the doubt either.

I shake the train of thought. Too much of a tangent. Madison, that was where I was. It was easy to think of her as... a groupie, of sorts. When I was famous on the same level as Eidolon, it would be people like Madison that would be clamouring to be in this kind of position - both expecting and happy with the knowledge that it was a one-and-done thing. That they'd be left behind in the morning, with no solid attachment from that point on. That felt a little cold for someone that was still probably in my top five non-online friends, but I was trying to be realistic for the future here.

Emma is still whispering into Sophia's ear, pointing things out about Madison's technique in between her own efforts to worship the lower half of my shaft - away from the space Madison was claiming as her own. Sophia was listening, but I wasn't expecting her to be able to put it into practice. She was thinking too much, trying a bit too hard to show how unbothered she was about any of this - and then, ironically, infuriated about the fact that she hadn't managed to turn me into a quivering mess with her half-hearted efforts. And I think I knew exactly the perfect response to that. Madison gives me a final lick before passing me back to Emma like an ice lolly in the heat of summer.

Again, Emma demonstrates her learned mastery - practically inhaling my cock on her way to take my full-length down her throat. While Madison hadn't done a bad job, she'd certainly have had a while to go before threatening to make me blow my load. Emma closes the gap once again, and for a moment I wonder if she's determined to take the prize for herself this time - a dangerous pressure building once more before her pace slows, a slow wink up at me is the only sign that the timing was deliberate.

If I was alone, I wouldn't have been able to resist the bait. I'd already have her pinned down, half-lodged inside her as I took what she was deliberately keeping from me. But we weren't alone. And I wasn't holding back out of a sense of self-control or for the sake of appearance. I was holding back, because this was mostly about Sophia. Emma and Madison were already eager cocksleeves. Sophia was still in denial, and this was entirely new to her. So if I was going to get off with any of those three from this position, it had to be with her.

Emma passes the 'baton' to Sophia once more. I allow her the best part of a minute to try and make something work, and then I make my intentions clear. I place both hands on her head. A moment of confusion, then comprehension alights in Sophia's eyes. Emma's hurried advice to take a deep breath is all she gets before I take her continued lack of protest as permission to begin. Slowly at first, then faster and faster - I begin to fuck her face. Not at all like the passive stillness before, where I had simply allowed them to do as they pleased at their own pace. Here, I was in charge. I set the pace. And when Sophia choked and slobbered and gagged? I decided when to give her a moment of pause before starting again.

I can't entirely keep the feral smile off my face as she looks up at me helplessly. Unable to do anything other than squeeze in desperate breaths and try her best to recover from the increasingly brutal throat-fucking in between shorter and shorter pauses. I wasn't even convinced that she had noticed the gleeful smirks on both of her friends faces, nor the way they had switched from worshipping me to teasing and fingerfucking her instead - glistening fingers emerging from her slit after mere moments acting as proof that she was enjoying this treatment a lot more than she might be ready to admit.

Even when I give her a moment of respite longer than usual, letting her draw in ragged, deep breathes to recover and attempt to fix some of the drool and spittle that her rough treatment had resulted in - I don't see a hint of anger. Like she'd forgotten that she was even supposed to hate this in the moment. That was because she wanted this. She wanted to be overpowered by someone stronger than her. By someone who owned her, and could take what they wanted with ease. The misplaced anger was just because she was indignant about it being Greg, specifically. It didn't change the fact that her life philosophy was based around this exact idea, an apex predator forcing her into submission - using her as a mere instrument of pleasure. That's why there's no anger. No impotent fury. Instead, amidst the almost-shell-shocked, stunned expression and lusty breathing - there was a glimmer of gratitude. A glimmer that she would never give voice to, but she was happy that I was doing this. She knew as well as I did that her own efforts weren't amounting to anything, and now my decisive action was making things work for both of us.

I bring her head closer to me again, not finding a single bit of resistance to the motion. Her mouth lolls open immediately, waiting for my cock to violate her throat once more - perhaps understanding that this time, I had no intention of stopping until I came. I take a brief moment to cherish the instinctive obedience and submissive attitude she was showing. I'd never have guessed that she had this side to her before, but I certainly wasn't going to complain. Maybe it was because she was usually so forceful and dominant, so quick to anger - but this side of her was hot in a way that simple submission from some random person on the street wasn't. That it was Sophia, so full of pride and fire - that seemed the most willing for me to just treat her like a sex-toy.

And I'm a generous guy. Never one to let a lady down. So that's exactly what I do. I take her head in both hands again and slam her down on my cock, ignoring her gags and gasps and slobbering as I begin to use her mouth with reckless abandon. Fully intending to finish inside her, and uncaring of whether or not she was capable of handling that with any semblance of dignity. My cock slams forward, my balls slapping against her chin in a frenzied rhythm as my length is thrust down her throat. Once again, Madison and Emma descend onto Sophia's body. Tweaking nipples and slipping fingers into her sopping slit, abandoning any pretense of subtlety as they aid in driving the girl into even more of an incoherent mess than she already is.

At this pace, it doesn't take long for me to sense my impending climax. I call down to her, as much a statement as any real kind of warning - we both knew that there was nothing she could really do to prepare. Indeed, the only thing my brief warning does is inform the two other girls about what was about to happen - and their immediate response is to press their bodies and faces up next to Sophia, doubtless anticipating that the girl would completely fail to take the load and assuming that I would be opting to erupt over her face once her failure to swallow properly became apparent. I might have chosen to skip straight to that last part for any other girl, but... this was Sophia. Seeing her fail, seeing her struggle, highlighting the power dynamics between us in a way that she couldn't help but intuitively understand... that had too much appeal.

So that's what I do. The moment Sophia's warm, inviting throat becomes too much to bare - I start to cum. Her lips close tightly around my cock as I shoot rope after rope down her throat, but it only takes a moment for her to abandon the attempt - reeling back against my grip, choking and gagging in defeat. But I'm still mid-climax, and just as the other girls had anticipated - her pulling back and away isn't the end. My seed splatters against her dark skin, rogue strings and droplets blasting out to either side to coat the girls pressing together on either side as well. But the focus is Sophia, on marking her as mine - I wasn't going to complain if the others got covered as well, but I was something of an artist here. Painting a picture of a Sophia that she didn't even know existed. Eyes half-lidded and unfocused, still desperately trying to control her breathing, gagging and coughing - cum dripping down her face, blocking her vision, seeping onto her lips and slowly working down her chin and neck - where it joins the deliberately-painted white-on-black art on her chest.

I don't miss the expression on Emma's face. The almost predatory licking of her lips, the ecstatic gleam in her eyes at the state of her friend. A testament to how much I had changed her priorities. Once upon a time, this would have been a nightmare for her. A pillar of strength in her life being reduced to this - but now, this was a dream come true. Emma wasn't Sophia's secret supporter any more. She was mine. And there was nothing that appealed to her more right now than seeing her best friend become every bit as broken and subservient as her.

Not that Sophia was reduced to her level quite yet. This was temporary. A single step of training, one that would need repetition to truly stick... but even showing that this state was possible was enough. And it wasn't like Sophia would forget about this either. Just as she now had to begrudingly come to terms that we fucked in the changing rooms back at the mall, she now had to live with the knowledge of exactly how her first blowjob had gone - and how much she had enjoyed the result.

Emma leans in. "You did it, Sophia! I knew you'd be able to handle it!"

Sophia stirs. "I-" A glint of focus re-enters her eyes. "O-Obviously. It's not like something like this would be a problem for me. It wasn't even that difficult." There isn't much conviction in her words, with her demeanour as ruined as it is - but she can't exactly see herself in the mirror right now.

I couldn't actually be sure if she entirely meant those words or not. She wasn't like me, an unashamed porn addict even before my powers turned life on its head. And she wasn't like Emma or Madison, who clearly already had a healthy interest in sex and how things worked before they'd ever made it to me. Strange as it was to think, Sophia might genuinely be the innocent one here. In her mind, was that whole thing a standard example of how a normal, successful blowjob should go? Was she patting herself on the back now, after thoroughly being dominated and humiliated in front of her friends? Telling herself that she could do that again without an issue next time? I could see that - chalking up Emma and Madison's more sedate approach to simple differences in preference.

Emma licks a droplet away from Sophia's cheek. Sophia jumps slightly. "What?!"

Emma grins. "Do you really want to stay covered in his cum? I'm into that myself, but I thought you might prefer to clean things up a bit."

"Of course I don't want anything to do with-" She swipes a streak away from her eye. "-all of this! I was just going to go and wash it off."

Madison pipes up. "You can't just leave a job unfinished. Clean-up is important, you know." She directs Sophia's gaze back to my dick. "We'll clean you up, and you can clean him up. Finish it off properly. Shouldn't be too hard, right?"

For a moment, I wonder if that's a bridge too far. If Sophia is just a bit too put-together and aware of what she's doing right now to tolerate the two girls working their ministrations on her. Sophia considered herself straight, I was pretty sure. Most of my girls originally were - but my power definitely blurred some lines there. Encouraged them to 'get along' with each other. I'd done enough work on Sophia that she hadn't even truly registered the lesbian action she was receiving while lost in the facefucking haze earlier - but had I done enough that she wouldn't turn them down flat right now, in an up-front conversation without the aid of a distraction?

"Fine." She glares at my dick as if it had personally offended her. "I'll just clean up the worst of it. Not like it hasn't already been in my mouth at this point."

To her credit, she does a better job than her attempts at pleasuring me before. Cleaning up the cum leaking from and down my dick was a simpler task, easier to picture what needed to be done and where - rhythm and skill wasn't needed, just the correct movements and licks to leave a clean shaft behind. It takes her longer than it should have, I don't fail to notice that Sophia slows down when Emma and Madison finish on her face - and simply slide down to take one breast each. Nipping and teasing at her nipples even as they work to lap up every bit of cum they could find. There's no chance that Sophia would admit to enjoying that, but she can draw it out just fine by slowing her own efforts. That was transparent to me, and probably transparent to them too.

"Last step." Emma whispers to Sophia as she starts to pull off of me. "Mouth open, look up at him-" Sophia obeys, displaying a milky-white sheen swirling on her tongue. "-and then, swallow." An audible gulp. Gone. "You're a natural at this, Sophia. I really wanted to spit the first time, but you didn't seem bothered at all."

Sophia blinks, then rounds on her friend. "You didn't tell me spitting was an option!"

"You seemed to want to do it properly!" Emma protests back, a shameless grin on her face. "And besides, I don't want to clean up the floor."

"Screw the floor, you think I actually want to swallow his gunk?" Sophia is back to her irate self already. "If you liked it so much, you should have done it - I even said I didn't care for any of... all of that." Sophia finishes lamely, with a weak hand gesture at her face. "Why didn't you take over before the end?"

"I feel like you'd have been mad if we interrupted." Madison smirks.

"I would not." Sophia insists.

"I don't know, you put all that effort into driving him crazy - and one of us just comes in to steal the prize at the last second?" Emma argues. "It wouldn't have felt right."

That was one way to interpret things for Sophia. We both knew that she wasn't going to get me off normally, and there wasn't a chance that Emma had failed to notice that either. But by pretending that she thought that was a deliberate choice intended to rile me up, Sophia had somehow ended up backed into a corner. Admit incompetency and that I'd needed to completely take charge to make up for her shortcomings, or claim that she knew what she was doing and had deliberately brought the forceful face-fuck onto herself.

"I guess that's fair enough." She sheepishly chooses the latter. An attempt to save face. "And, I mean. It wasn't terrible or anything. I'd already dealt with that - I just didn't think there was another option. It wasn't that I actually wanted to swallow his cum, to be clear."

"It's an acquired taste." Emma winks, then pushes herself into a standing position.

"That's not what I meant." Sophia insists. "It's not about taste-"

"Speaking of taste..." Emma interrupts. "...food, anyone? We've got a long night ahead, I could definitely whip up something quick to eat before we get on it. After we wash up, of course."

"I'll eat anything put in front of me, but dibs on the shower!" Madison sprints past us, racing through the house naked rather than attempting to recover her clothes like Sophia was already doing.

"I'm a bit peckish." I admit. A wordless grunt of agreement comes from Sophia.

"I'll get on that in a bit then." Emma hums.

Sophia and I share a look.

Sophia looks away first. "I've got to- I've got a- a thing." Sophia retreats rapidly. Perhaps afflicted by the same post-coitus denial that struck her last time. Cute.

I had something to do myself.

Sophia Hess

Heroine 5/6

(CONT) (ALRT) (PREP)​

As nice as it was to see the promised CONT modifier back, it was equally terrible to see PREP alongside it. Sure, Sophia wasn't a Tinker like Armsmaster - but it did completely eliminate the possibility of surprising her with a new power if she got an updated understanding of my powersets every time I challenged her. The possibility of a cheap win just wasn't there this time.

"Challenge." Maybe she'd be talkative enough to give me an opening? The last CONT version of Sophia didn't seem to think it was likely, but her entire existence was centred around making it difficult for me to advance. I wouldn't put it past her to lie, for whatever reason.

My first thought upon feeling solid ground beneath my feet, was that it was dark. Not quite pitch-black, but a fortress of twisted metal and hidden crevices that hid away from what little light was entering the arena. An arena that was tall, rather than wide. Circular, like someone had drilled into a skyscraper and left the hollowed out mess of corridors, piping and half-destroyed rooms as our playground. One floor melds into the next not by stairs, but by half-fallen pipes and mounds of debris - on one side of every room, a gaping hole down into the abyss at the centre of the structure - on the other, a collapsed, impenetrable looking wall of rock and shattered building materials.

And not a drop of electricity to be seen in these middle levels. There might be something down in the abyss, or perhaps that slight glow from above that gave the only visibility I had was not the sun - but some other form of useful light. Aside from that? I didn't have a weapon to handle Sophia with. Not a Sophia that was ready for my tricks.

"Can we talk this out?" I call out, before ducking out of sheer paranoia. It isn't necessary, but not because the idea was wrong. A crossbow bolt skitters against the wall next to me, aimed just a metre to the side of my current position. A miss.

Right. She didn't have HUNT this time. She knew where I started, but she still needed to actually keep track of me if she didn't want me to give her the slip and attempt an ambush. Another arrow skitters into the darkness. This place wasn't safe. I was actually fortunate that she hadn't shot at my starting location immediately - which would have been a complete rookie error as far as ALRT modifiers go. I should know that the first thing you do for these is to move away quickly. The fact that I wasn't dead implied she doesn't start in a good position to hit me, which was slightly useful information to know - but also completely useless to me right now.

Plink. Plink. Two more bolts bounce off metal and stone. One hisses as it lands, before erupting into bright light. I flinch, expecting an explosion - only realising the true danger as my surroundings sharpen into stark relief, the dull grey and black silhouettes surrounding me turning to clear colour - alongside me. No wonder she had been missing me, if she was shooting from the opposite side of this hole, from the other end of this mini, vertical colosseum - then I must have looked like a dark silhouette in a sea of shadows.

And now she knew where I was.

I freeze, torn with indecision as to if I should block the incoming assault, evade or attempt to simply hide again away from the illumination of her last bolt. The moment of hesitation costs me, I float down the next floor in the shadow state - only for a familiar-looking bolt to lodge itself into the ground below me before I've even landed. The shock-bolt. Taser-bolt. Electro-bolt. Whatever the fuck she calls it. It activates before I can even try to think of a way to dodge, a sphere of lightning and electricity seeming to surge in the air around me before every nerve in my body lights on fire. The sound of a distant scream is cut off by the next bolt materialising in my chest, the more acute sensation of pain bringing me back to my senses just long enough to recognise that this bolt was making a beeping sound.

FAILURE​

"Jesus christ, Sophia." I turn my gaze from the defeat screen down to the exploded chunks that remained of my body. "Really took that last loss badly, huh?" She did warn me that she would seriously be trying to kill me without the EVNT modifier in play, and that she wouldn't even be willing to talk at all if she didn't think it would help her win - but eating a Tinkertech bombardment from the shadows, getting such a violent death without even seeing her face? That felt uncalled for, somehow.

I mean, I'd have done the same to her if I had the same tools and opportunity - but I'm happy being a hypocrite at times like these. I figure getting murdered multiple times a day gives me some slack at times like this.

Next time, try and sneak away from the starting position. Trying to actually hunt her down in this vertical labyrinth of twisted steel... wasn't going to be easy. Not unless I had a power that could make it easy. Flight, would be the obvious one. Otherwise she would always be able to simply mirror my movement around the edge of the circular chasm between us. My speedster power couldn't go through a ceiling without a clear path, she'd find it easy to evade me - but every room had an opening to the centre, so a flier could see everything, go anywhere. A panopticon of sorts. I could be shot from anywhere, but she'd only get one before I was on top of her.

...but I didn't have flight. Shit. I couldn't see another way to bridge that gap. Finding her alone was too difficult, she had too many options - and this time, there didn't seem to be a mass of potential electric wires to limit her range of movement. If she simply decided to drop twenty, thirty floors in a row while I was circling around to the last place I saw her... I wouldn't have a clue where to go. She wouldn't be able to see me either, but I was the one working against the clock. I doubted the simulation of Sophia would get hungry or thirsty, even ignoring the usual anti-stalling measures.

I could keep trying, I suppose. Gather some information for when a new power opened up options for me, but realistically - this is where the streak of success ended for me. I wasn't too broken up about it. In a game-sense, it made sense that attempting the hardest difficulty of a single mission would be harder compared to completing a spread of lower-level missions. And I had plenty of those. Plenty of Capes I'd never even attempted. If I came back to this after beating up, for example, New Wave - if I had flight, lasers, taser-hands... even if she could see it coming via PREP, there wouldn't be much she could do about it.

I sigh. Focus on more interesting things, Greg. Like your just rewards for getting the Trio this far. Nothing wrong with taking a night for myself, was there? The focus of the weekend may have been to advance Sophia - and I had done that. Now I could enjoy the secondary benefit of doing that, guilt-free.

With a whistle on my lips, I gather my discarded clothes - and head off to find whichever member of the Trio I ran into first.

It wouldn't do for any of them to think that I was done after merely cumming once, after all.



I delve into a valley of bliss. Madison and Emma, pressed against each other - twin pussies scissoring against both each other and also my dick trapped in the middle of it all. Madison's plans for the evening, as it turned out, were simply lewd games to act as a barely-functional excuse for more sex.

An attempt to play Strip poker turned from a free for all to a 2v2 as the defeated players join the survivors - with the caveat that, naturally, the defeated would be sat on the other's lap. Predictably, the game derailed once it became obvious that everyone was only interested in watching me fuck Madison to a screaming orgasm from a full-nelson position.

Later, truth or dare turned into an increasingly lewd penalty game - with a blushing Sophia trying to deny that a vibrator was doing anything for her while she was attempting to jerk me off, while Madison just straight-up ate Emma out.

And now... this. This wasn't really a game as it was everyone deciding that they'd had enough playing around. Madison and Emma had opted to tag-team me as best as they could, and I had to admit... it was working.

"Sure you don't want to join?" I probe Sophia.

"I'm straight." She denies, as if she hadn't been entranced by the spectacle of gyrating flesh for the last few minutes.

"Well, I won't pressure you." I gasp as both girls press tighter against each other, inner thighs and pussy-lips forming a vicegrip around me before returning to their teasing motions. "Don't worry, I can take care of you afterwards. Just to make it fair for everyone."

She colours. "If you want. Whatever." She coughs. "We should talk, when you have a moment." A pause. "After you're done here, I mean." Alone. She mouths.

"We are going to need another shower, I know." I nod in understanding. "And I would be absolutely delighted to save water with you."

She bristles. "That is not-" She stifles herself as both other girls turn to look at her with knowing eyes. "Whatever. Fine." She crosses her arms. "Just hurry up and blow already. Anyone would think you're gay or something, the way you're holding out for those two."

"That's on them." I gripe. "I don't know where this obsession with edging came from, but they're having far too much fun with leaving me hanging here."

"Aww, hear that Mads? It sounds like he really wants to cum." Emma teases.

"What, all over us?" The pair run their hands over their own bodies, highlighting the swell of their breasts, their toned stomachs, their dripping slits before dancing the tips of their fingers against my shaft - trapped between their bodies in an almost-painfully-erect state. "What a pervert."

"The moment you're done here, I'll get my own back on you two." I promise.

"Scary." Emma writhes against me. "Can you actually live up to those words?"

"Out of everyone here, you should know best that I can." I grin tightly.

Madison and Emma return the look. This time, they don't release the combined pressure in the velvety torture tunnel that they've made for me. My dick, teased and toyed with from all angles - stands ready to burst at a moments notice. They both know that. And with delicate, insistent enthusiasm - they make the slightest movement to push me over that final edge. A veritable fountain of cum shoots directly up into the air - falling down on and all around us. We'd have to clean things up here, but that was just a part of having fun to the fullest.

Madison and Emma smear cum along their bodies with their fingers, leaving trails in their wake - still not cured of their teasing attitude despite the prodigious amounts of cum that I've mustered up today.

The benefits of being a Cape. This type of Cape, specifically. Somehow, I doubted that Chubster or Velocity got the same tier of sex and health benefits as I did.

I flip Madison and Emma over, turning the tables in an instant - both of them were already lined up for me to take, so I should just take my pick at random and go to town.

Sophia lets out a groan of disgust at our intent to just continue. "Urgh. You know where I'll be waiting when you're done."

"You can still join in now!" I call after her as she stomps off. She ignores me.

"You can go after her now, if you like." Emma offers. "Sounds like she needs it."

"I think it might do her some good to stew for a bit." I wink. "Besides, you think she's just going to stand there awkwardly? No. She's going to be listening to every noise you two make, waiting and anticipating the moment that its her turn." I shake my head. "After all. She's too proud to just start masturbating in front of you without being able to claim that someone made her do it."

"That does sound like her. Shame, I really wanted to see you fuck her." Madison wiggles her butt. "But if she wants a bit of privacy, I can live with it. Come on then, let her know what she's missing."

With a feral grin, I oblige the both of them.



FAILURE​

"-ook your time." Sophia looks unimpressed with me as I finish stepping into the bathroom.

"Those two were insistent. You know how they can be." I defend myself.

"Didn't want to know." Sophia shakes her head.

"Sure, sure." I smile. "So, how do you want to do this?"

Sophia pauses. "Do what?"

Now it's my turn to look confused. "You didn't bring me here to discretely fuck without an audience? No kinky roleplay that you'd be embarrassed to do in front of them? No acting out a humiliating fetish that you've only just uncovered?"

"No! Get your head out of the gutter. I'm not even interested in that kind of thing. We tried it once. It was fine. All of this is just... playing along. Not being a spoilsport." Sophia lies through her teeth. "No, it's about-" She lowers her voice. "-are you sure all of this is okay?"

Hm? "What do you mean?"

"Your identity. Your status as a Cape. Normal guys aren't supposed to just... keep going like you are out there. Right?" She sounds a little unsure about that last part. "I mean, I know what I'm looking for - but there's got to be a line somewhere where Madison and Emma start working out that something isn't normal. What happens when they work out that you're a Cape?"

"Then..." I shrug carelessly. "...they work it out? Not the end of the world. I might not opt-in to telling them, but they aren't exactly working for Kaiser."

"It doesn't matter if you like them. You've got to be more careful about who you trust. You can't just, take your secret identity back when you don't want to hang out with them anymore. They'll always know it. What happens when we don't share a school any more? If in a few years Madison, halfway across the country, recognises your hero name and mentions it as trivia to her friends." Sophia hisses quietly.

I understand where she's coming from. To a normal Cape, I'd look reckless. Maybe a little insane. But that was only because they didn't realise that my bond with my harem wasn't entirely natural in origin. These girls were loyal to me on multiple levels - it wasn't a perfect comparison, but I didn't care for similar reasons as to why Heartbreaker didn't care about which of his harem knew where he was living or where he was planning to go on holiday next.

"I'll deal with it as it comes. You know how I gain powers over time. In the kind of timeframe you're talking about, I intend to be on the level of Eidolon. If not above him. And before that point? I'll take any compliments I can get about my endurance seeming superhuman. I think you're overestimating how strange it seems to them. What exactly are they comparing me against? Porn that they watch online? Equally exaggerated stories from friends trying to look cool?" I roll my eyes. "It's not that big of a deal. Though I do appreciate you worrying about me."

"I'm not worried about you. I'd be perfectly happy if you just dropped dead." She sighs loudly. "But that was all. You can go back now."

"But wouldn't that be suspicious?" I step forward, hand reaching up to press against her chest. "They both think we came in here to fuck, if we just leave now... wouldn't that make them start thinking about what else we might have been talking about?"

"I should have known." Sophia looks to the ceiling. "Of course you would use any opportunity you could to try and fuck me. It's not like you can think about anything without your dick having a say."

"Right. You should have known. A hundred places in this house to have a quiet conversation and you pick the only room with a locking door?" I grin. "And it would have been trivial to slip a quiet word in my air at any point before now. Practically announcing that the two of us would be in here for an indeterminate amount of time, who are you really trying to fool here?"

"I literally just had a shower. I'm not getting dirty again just for you to get your rocks off." She tells me flatly.

"Is that so? We could have another right away, no harm done." Her feigned resistance weakens as my fingers slip down to her soaked inner thighs. "If you're really that opposed to it, I wouldn't force it on you. If you stop throwing out these paper-thin excuses, and just tell me 'no' - I'll walk out right this second."

"I'm not going to tell you that." She interjects. "I'm not that opposed to it. I just-"

"-don't care that much. It's not a big-deal to you." I echo back at her in a sing-song voice. "Sounding like a broken record, and it still sounds like bullshit. Well. If you're supposedly ambivalent about it - and I'm very much into the idea - then it sounds like the solution is clear. We need to keep up appearances. For the sake of my secret-identity, Sophia."

Sophia shifts as she feels my dick harden against her body. "Fine. Just to keep up appearances."

"Spin around, bend over." I tell her, an edge of authority in my tone. "Face the mirror." I redirect her, spotting a suitable place for her to lean against next to the sink.

She complies wordlessly. Already spreading her cheeks wide to present herself, a feigned expression of boredom etched onto her face. Slick, glistening skin glints in my vision - thoroughly soaked in some mix of sweat, water and arousal. Not much need for foreplay to make things work here. My guess that she'd be touching herself the entire time she was waiting seemed more than accurate from this angle.

Without any further ado, I line myself up against her slit - and thrust inside. Immediately, the facade of boredom breaks as she lets out an involuntary moan - quickly stifled with her hands into a wordless hum. But that's just the first thrust. In truth, Sophia's concerns have some merit. I don't at all act like a normal guy in these kinds of situations. Sure, there's been a few times where I've found something absolutely amazing to jerk off to, and found myself whacking off dozens of times over the course of a weekend to increasingly weak effect - but it's not normal for a guy to even be able to go again after the second or third time. And sometimes, even that is a stretch.

But me? I'm on a hot streak. On top of the world. I don't feel the need to stop, if anything - I feel better than ever. More capable than ever. I know that I can paint Sophia's womb white here and come back an hour later to do it again. And you know what? Good. That makes perfect sense. Knowing that my powers can only end in having a harem or death - being able to please women comes with the job description.

And Sophia was the one reaping the benefits of that now. For all that we'd played along with Madison's lewd games and Emma's increasingly risque ideas - Sophia and I hadn't fucked again since the mall. We'd covered basically every base up to that point, but we'd never quite crossed the line. Emma and Madison hadn't pushed it, probably keen to let their friend choose the pace and setting on her own. But I'd been impatiently waiting for this. And, knowing Sophia, she probably had been as well. She just needed someone to insist enough that she could claim she was pressured into it, that she wasn't really just another eager cumslut - that she was a respectable student/heroine - worthy of both fear and respect in her respective fields.

Once again, I was proving that to be a lie. Another damning indictment for Sophia to argue against the next time the topic came up. Every sexual act, every moment where she gave in - it knocked down a little more of her resistance. I'd barely had to pressure at all to get her like this, a marked difference compared to the arguments and denial I had heard plenty of after the mall. It was still hard to say how long it would take for her to actually admit defeat, to actually concede that she was little more than my personal fuckpet now - but no matter what she said or tried to deny, we both knew that it was already the truth. The way she clamps down on me as I slam inside her tells the story in a way that she could never admit. The unspoken admission that she's always wanted this. Always yearned for it. And from now on, she'd always have it.

Because I was never going to let her go. Sophia was mine now. Her final two challenges might stand unbeaten for now, but that didn't change the fact that Sophia already belonged to me. A cocksleeve in training. Loud and mouthy, quick to anger... but that was all. I eye the way her ass jiggles with every slam of my body into hers. I raise my hand.

She sees me in the mirror. "Don't you dare-" I slam my hand down on the jiggling ass-flesh, eliciting a howl of shock and rage from Sophia in the process. "-I'll actually kill you." She promises darkly. And then, once again. She settles down. She lets me continue fucking her, treating her like little more than a sex doll. Smack! Again. "You hit like a little girl. I couldn't even feel that one." I would almost believe her, if it wasn't for the visible wince in her expression. Smack! Again. Again. Again. A glimmer of pained tears now, but matched equally by the response of her body. Her bucking against me becomes more enthusiastic, her inner walls clamp down on me even harder. For all that she might rage and insist that she preferred to be in charge, the evidence was showing quite the opposite.

Finally, I slow. And I stop.

"What are you doing?" She glares at me in the mirror, somehow more offended than when I suggested we do this in the first place. "Don't tell me you actually ran out of steam after all that bluster and bullshit?" She turns to look over her shoulder instead of the mirror. "Seriously?"

I return a tight grin, reaching out to grab her hair and direct her face forward again. "Not quite. I was thinking that I haven't shown you everything yet. Seeing as you're so full of fire, I'm sure you can handle it." I pull out of one hole entirely, then, slowly, deliberately, I press against another.

She freezes. "You cannot be serious."

"I'm very serious." I tell her.

"That's not- it's dirty." Sophia complains half-heartedly - the cliché excuse coming to the fore as expected.

"How fortunate it is that we have a shower right here. But, I see you've already gone through the trouble of preparing it for me while you were waiting." I press forward, not quite penetrating her ass - but threatening to do so if just a bit more pressure was applied. "Perhaps you were hoping for this?"

"Not everyone is as much of a pervert as you." She spits out.

"I suppose getting you to admit something like this was always a long-shot. But I can't just let an opportunity like this pass." I spank her again, enjoying the complicated expression playing across her face in the mirror. "Maybe over the next few weeks, you'll learn to be a bit more honest with me."

"We're never interacting like this again." She growls.

I pull her hair back again, centring her view and arching her back into me. "Of course. You're going to handily defeat me before school, and that will be the end of it. That's the only thing you need to do. Quite simple. But then again, if you just lose - well. Something like this might just happen to you again." I thrust inside her in time with that last sentence, appreciating the moment that her eyes went wide and glassy as the fight and indignation leave her at once. It's tight. Tighter than anything else I've done today. Even with the preparations of the night leading up to this, I was still being clamped down on to a brutal extent. Even simply moving wasn't easy - but that was something that I knew would pass. Her body would accommodate to mine. And in the meantime, those expressions of pain and pleasure roiling across her face would be something to cherish. This wasn't something to shy away from.

Because Sophia liked it rough. The fact that she wouldn't have chosen this, if forced to choose, was the same reason that it was perfect for her. Because she wanted someone stronger than her to make the choice. Someone stronger than her to push her into it. Someone stronger than her to pin her down and take everything she has, no matter how much she might rage and protest. And I was that 'someone' now. That predator ravaging her ass with savage glee, finally taking the last of her three holes over the course of just a single day. That was what she wanted. A slow-burning romance wasn't for her. She'd found her man, and while she didn't quite have the sense to speak plainly - she knew what she wanted from me.

That's why there's no protesting from her after I give her what she's craving. No yells of indignation or cries of pain and refusal. That's for after and before this moment, when we fall back into the position of hunter and the prey. Back into a position where she can attempt to squirm her way out of things, try and twist the situation so that she is the one that comes out on top - but once we're here... she knows her place: As my submissive, breedable cumslut.

I slam home, again and again. I don't even try to fight the feeling of my impending eruption - there wouldn't be a point. She was too tight. Too needy. Too responsive. Too eager. Even if I stopped moving entirely, she'd finish the job on her own at this point. I hilt myself inside her, spraying her insides white - claiming her final hole with everything I have left in the tank, and leaving her slumped, sweating and panting against the mirror - left with nothing to do but stare at the whore in front of her that used to be a heroine.

I pull out, admiring my work with a pleased expression.

Sophia pushes herself up. "Take a picture, it will last longer."

"No need, we'll be doing this again." I smirk.

She looks away. "Told you. That isn't happening. After today."

"We'll see." I shrug. "But what about for the rest of today?"

She stomps past me, turning the shower with a flick - then turns to affix me with a dangerous scowl. "Do what you want. I'm not your mother, can't you make decisions on your own?"

I throw my hands into the air. "That's got to be a record. You were begging for more not even a full minute ago, and we're already back at insults. Are you secretly bipolar?"

"I'm not." Her scowl deepens. "I'm just letting you know, it's up to you what you do next. I don't have any opinion one way or another." She turns back to the flowing water.

A moment later, she reaches a hand back out - and slams the shower door fully open, leaving it there without turning around.

A ghost of a smile appears on my lips as I take a step towards the shower. "We're really going to have work on getting some more honesty out of you one of these days..."

--

AN: A bit of a shorter chapter. I (think) I've updated everything that was missing from last chapter onto the challenge sheet. Maybe the xenforo upgrade will make editing that more intuitive, who knows...

Thanks for all the interlude suggestions. The next chapter is a collection of different interludes - just shy of 30K words. It's on my Patreon now for subscribers if you want to view it early. Although of course, it will come here for free as soon as the chapter after is posted over there.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, Toddball and 677 others
Tamzar
Mar 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Two
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
May 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,934
POV CHANGE: VARIOUS INTERLUDES

As the first hint of light sneaks through the curtains, Emma jolts awake.

She doesn't move. Not just because she's warm and comfortable, with no particular reason to get up and do anything. But also because she's lightly held in position by the comforting weight of a masculine arm wrapped around her torso. A slight shift of her head brings Greg into view. Already awake, his head slightly shifting to meet her gaze before returning to what he was looking at before. She follows his gaze.

And there is Sophia. Half-hidden by what little of the covers remained in place, but still clearly visible as her head bobs up and down on Greg's shaft. There's a momentary pause as Sophia notices Emma, a slight shift in the former's eyes as if to convey... something. Emma could imagine that, if her mouth were free - Sophia would say something like: 'You think I wanted this? I woke up next to this stupid erection and just wanted to get it out of the way. I didn't even want to touch it, but nobody else was doing anything about it.'

But Sophia's mouth is busy, and Emma is disinclined to interrupt - and before Sophia can make the decision to pull her mouth away to clarify that everything was absolutely not as it seemed, the decision is taking away from her. Gently, firmly, Greg pushes her head back down onto his shaft. There's a flicker of mulish irritation from Sophia, a moment that hangs in the balance between acceptance and resistance - but ultimately, no pushback comes.

Hot. Emma licks her lips at the scene. She's thought about it before, of course. Ever since Greg raised the idea as a possibility, her dreams at night had been filled with different scenarios. Shadow Stalker, confronting him alone at night, only to be overpowered and punished in increasingly sinful ways. Sophia, attempting to dominate the one-time-nerd, only to find herself on the losing end of the trade. Sophia being held down by herself and Madison, letting her writhe and struggle as Greg came to breed his favourite sow - her resistance becoming a little bit less convincing every time.

Perhaps that sounded a little extreme for a friend - but thoughts weren't crimes. And everyone had a kink or two. Emma had seen Madison's browser history. This was tame. And unrealistic. Or, it should have been.

But here Sophia was. And while the one-sided dominance, the punishment, the humiliation - those aspects of her dreams were decidedly not present - the end result, somehow, was. Here was a Sophia that had learned submission. Not one that had come to terms with that fact, admittedly. Even last night, when she had returned from her 'shower' to twin knowing grins with a scowl on her face and a wobble in her step - she'd been petty and spiteful to Greg, dropping insults and jabs at every turn. Yet, after Madison had returned to her home at the end of the day as her parents began to worry about the safety of the city, the question of sleeping arrangements had come up - and Sophia had folded in the face of Greg's insistence on the current arrangements. A shared bed. Completely nude. A steady grip around the both of them.

Every additional demand had resulted in an accusation of perversion, of sleaziness, an attack on his masculinity. But, at the end of the day - she'd let herself be convinced. Even when he had, with the least sincere expression on his face possible, claimed that it was impossible for him to fall asleep next to two such beautiful ladies without jerking off - Sophia hadn't kicked him out, or started attacking him, or even told him to fuck off and sort himself out. No. She'd accused him of being annoying, of being a pest - and, after an all-too-short effort to convince her from Emma and Greg, of making a mess and forcing the need for yet another shower in a single day.

Domesticated. Perhaps that was the word. Still a feisty girl. A housecat with claws, but one that obeyed. One that fell in line. And for someone that Emma knew was so strong, just seeing that state of affairs was hot. The Emma from a few months ago would have gasped at the betrayal in her values, but really - nothing had changed. Predator and prey - that was still true. There was just a shift in perspective. An understanding that there was a level above where she was standing now. And if the most appropriate thing for the level below her - including Taylor, most of all - to do was to submit, then it followed that the same applied to her and Sophia both for someone who stood above them. There weren't clearly defined margins for what would be 'above' them. Raw combat power didn't make you a predator. And most of the city, most of the world, just didn't get it. Didn't understand. She'd just assumed that it was impossible to fill that spot. That they were as high on the food chain as you could go.

And then... Greg. A stupid, kind-of-sweet name on an assuming figure. A diamond in the rough, held back by his closeness with Taylor. A bit of polishing and... wow. That was all that could be said. It was like a switch had been flicked. He'd bulldozed through Emma's flimsy attempts to string him along in days. When she'd taken their relationship to the next level - giving out a rare treat to try and keep him in line, obedient, away from Taylor and focused on her - he'd just... treated it like it was normal. And now, expected. Even when she gave him her entire body, everything she had to give - putting him in the position of perhaps the luckiest guy in school - it was clear. In his heart, he'd already moved on to the pursuit of the next girl. And he had just assumed that she would follow along. To help, even.

And he was right. Sophia had said it best. You knew Taylor was lower on the pecking order because she instinctively knew her place. A doormat. And now, the same had applied to Emma. And now, the same had applied to Sophia. From out of nowhere, an apex predator had arrived. Not because of some margin of personal power or status - it was about who he was. How he understood his place in the world. It came naturally to him. It wouldn't be long before things at school escalated with Sophia as well. Sophia might think that this was a one-time event, but it was obvious that Greg had never even considered that possibility. Emma knew that, by the end of next week at most, Sophia would be kneeling next to her in an abandoned art classroom - cock in her mouth and her fingers buried in her slit. Utterly defeated in her heart, and simply accepting that fact.

And, as a bonus, Emma would get to watch her friend get railed properly. She couldn't help but feel slightly-put-out that Sophia had run off to hide somewhere private before doing the deed. But even if Greg had allowed that to start with, that wouldn't last long. Her body didn't just belong to her any more - and Emma would get the opportunity to see up-close how closely her old dreams lined up with reality. But, for now, the sight of her friend - so strong, so powerful - laid so low, debasing herself like this for a boy she'd looked down on for so long... that memory would be enough to keep her nights exciting for weeks to come.

Did he know? Sophia had gone out to fight yesterday, and at some point - had come back, and got swept off her feet by Greg. Was she in costume? Did she get caught changing? Did she get rescued, a powerless, gallant knight rescuing her from a perilous situation - leading her towards a change in heart, forced to admit that he wasn't so bad after all? Or had she made it back undetected, only stumbling upon Greg in her civilian guise - and deciding that the thrill of victory and rush of emotions needed an outlet? So many questions, but Sophia was too touchy about the subject to ask - and Greg effortlessly dismissed her efforts to dig deeper by redirecting her towards more 'useful' endeavours. Which she was happy to do, but she still didn't have answers. She could respect privacy, of course, but... it was a bit frustrating to not know. Just a little.

She leans into Greg's chest, fingers idly tracing along his muscles. Quite where he found the time to work out, she didn't have a clue. But whatever he was doing, or whatever he was taking - it was working. Her newfound closeness with his body alerts her to a momentary shiver, a breath cut short, a hint of tension and relaxation both - she turns her head downwards in anticipation. Don't tell her. That's the thought that runs through her mind. Sophia would probably pull away, or make a disgusted face and let his load spill out onto the bed. Far less entertaining than the alternative.

Greg seems to be of the same mind. He doesn't utter a word, and a few seconds later, he climaxes right as Sophia finds herself at her deepest, lowest point on his shaft yet. Held lightly in place, she lets out a muffled cry of outrage, a flash of coughing and gagging emerging from around his cock as she tries and fails to contain the sudden eruption with her lips. Between a few desperate, urgent gulps and the remnants escaping from the seal she was making around his dick - Sophia regains some semblance of control over the situation.

"Fucking asshole." The eloquent response is the first thing out of her mouth as Sophia finally breaks away. "Give me some warning."

"I forgot." Greg lies, the glower that gets sent his way showing that the lie was transparent to Sophia as well. He just wanted to see her like that in exactly the same way that Emma did. "And, I figured you didn't really want me to talk - considering how quiet you were, trying not to wake Emma up while you were sucking me off."

"Don't make it sound like I actually wanted to do any of this." She sneers. "It was just the least annoying option, compared to you waking up Emma to deal with it instead. Don't get used to it. It will never happen again." Sophia slides her eyes to me. "And that's a bullshit argument anyway. She's obviously awake now."

He blinks owlishly at me. "So she is." He doesn't even try to inject sincerity into the attempt at a shocked tone.

"Oh, fuck off. I'm leaving anyway. Some of us have important things to do today." Sophia growls in her usual fashion, practically leaping from the bed and stalking around the room to find her discarded clothes.

"Something I said?" Greg quirks an eyebrow, not looking apologetic in the slightest.

"She always leaves early in the morning. Don't take it personally." Emma drawls. Usually, she would be heading out as well - ready to crack heads alongside her. Or, keep lookout at the very least. But somehow, she got the feeling that Sophia needed space right now. On top of the fact that Sophia probably blamed her for no small part in things going down the way that they did. Best leave her to cool off alone.

"More time for us then." Sophia doesn't even flinch at that, stalking out of the room while trying to make it not seem like a retreat. Apparently, she's no longer concerned with protecting Emma's chastity after everything that had happened. Greg shrugs, sending a wry smile to Emma.

His smile pauses, his gaze resting on something... behind her? By her head? She half-turns to see what he was looking at, seeing nothing and turning back around - just barely catching him whisper something under his breath. Perhaps a bug? Nothing seemed off. Nothing except his face, which remains focused on that point for another second before his expression shifts - a look of tension replacing his frown in an instant. His arm flexes out, shaking out slightly as if to remind him that it was even there. A seemingly unconscious touch against his neck, as if tracing a line or scar that stopped at his shoulder. And then he relaxes. A pleased look landing on his face, before a wry smile replaces it. "Didn't even change anything. Don't know what I expected." She can barely catch the murmured thought. She tilts her head at him. "Ah, never mind." He explains. "I was thinking about something else."

She shrugs. That kind of shift in focus, as if ready for a fight - that seemed like quintessential predator stuff. She didn't really get it, but that made sense - there had to be something about him that made him different to her and Sophia. Best to put it out of her mind.

"Sophia really did leave a mess behind, didn't she?" He remarks drily, shifting focus to the hastily-abandoned cock still standing upright in the bed. Coated in cum and saliva, certainly not a well-done job.

"You can teach her to do better." Emma's response isn't a suggestion. It's a fact. A statement. "And meanwhile, you have me." Finally, Emma slips out of his grasp - sliding down the bed to match Sophia's old position. A lick, a dab, a light-yet-firm grasp of his cock is all it takes to have it swelling to full-mast again. Cleaning up was one thing, but... she wasn't in any rush to send him home. Dragging things out a bit could be fun. Just long enough for him to lose patience. Just long enough to make him take what was his by force.

If she could keep his attention, that is. Already, with Madison and Sophia gone - he seemed restless. Eager to go out and do something. She wasn't enough to keep him satisfied. That thought didn't hurt, but it did present an issue - that he was more likely to follow Sophia out the door rather than spend the morning fucking her into a puddle. Sharing him with Sophia and Madison had been fun and hit all the right kinks for her, but nothing quite compared to having his sole attention.

Emma's phone buzzes. Both of the room's occupants glance at it. "Five-one-four-two." She doesn't move from her position as she calls out the pin. She had more important things to focus on, and she didn't have anything to hide. Not from him. Not on that phone. Even the conversations with Sophia were always kept vague enough to be considered a girl's night out, the worst thing in there would be... hm. He used to be Taylor's friend, so perhaps there were a few choice turns of phrase in there that he wouldn't appreciate.

Well. Wouldn't have appreciated. Taylor had burned that bridge thoroughly now. Not that Emma intended to just let things be between them. No, simply breaking things off wouldn't solve anything. It was getting them back together again, with a relationship that had been truly corrected - that was the endgame. Friendship? Between Greg, superior to Emma - and Taylor, below her? That didn't work. They weren't equals. And if Greg could make both Emma and Sophia understand that, then he could make Taylor understand it too. Emma could admit that they had failed to properly educate Taylor on their own, but Greg could do it. When he returned to Taylor not as a friend, but as a conqueror. When Taylor realised that the only way to return to her parasitic existence was to submit, to be little more than an obedient cocksleeve at the bottom of the food chain - to beg for mercy and forgiveness for all the wrongs she had committed to not just her, but to Greg as well - then the victory would be complete.

And then, maybe, they could be friends again. Taylor would be so, so much happier once she stopped resisting. And Emma was gracious. It wasn't like Sophia or Madison had been on Emma's level when they had arrived at Winslow, but she had extended a hand anyway. It would be the same with Taylor, never quite to be raised up to the level of an equal... but, even a pet could become worthy of love and respect over time. So long as it was appropriately tamed.

"Someone called 'Anne' is coming back early?" He questions her with a raised eyebrow.

"My older sister." She says by way of explanation.

She feels the weight of his attention shift. "Oh? I didn't know you had a sister."

Emma licks her lips. Surely not. She knows what he's thinking, but they've never even met!

But he could. A dark whisper murmurs in her ear. He'd done it to her, and she was a survivor. A predator in her own right. And Anne was many things, smart and kind and caring... but none of those indicated that she would offer much resistance to someone who had effectively conquered Sophia in a single day.

And, wasn't this exactly what she had been after? She knew him. He'd been about to make an excuse, fuck her throat and then leave. And now? He was interested. Engaged. Eager. It wasn't even like she was selling out her own family, Anne would enjoy it - so long as Greg could coax her into it. And when things ended up with an unorthodox threesome with her own sister involved? Well. She wasn't exactly disinterested in watching Greg fuck the daylights out of a more-developed, graceful version of herself. And she doubted that her expertise would go unappreciated in the end.

Control. That was something she'd sought early in her relationship with Greg. To leash him like a weapon to use against Taylor. And that had backfired. Backfired on all three girls. But only because she hadn't understood what she was dealing with. Now that she truly understood him, she had more control now than ever - albeit in the same way that a driver can control a car with no brakes. Perhaps she can't command him at will like she had once hoped, but she could steer - entice him down a path more favourable to her.

And today, that path just happened to involve turning her prudish, nerdy sister into a slut.

But tomorrow? Next week? Next month? Eventually, she'd find the right words. Just the right tease, to have him go to Taylor. To take what was his, and reforge her into the submissive slut that she was always supposed to be.

She smiles. "She looks a lot like me, just a bit older. Taller. Bigger tits. She used to be a model as well, but stopped once she started studying at her university properly." She averts her gaze. "You'd like her, I think - but, you probably couldn't get into her pants. She's not too interested in romance, or men in general, really. A real feminist type." She hides her smile at the look on his face. Hook. Line. Sinker. He leans back into the mass of pillows, flicking through what most likely her pictures to find the girl in question.

"Tell me more." It's an order. It's a promise. It's a statement that he'll still be here for the rest of the morning, left with nothing to do to kill the time but abuse Emma's body to the breaking point. All in the name of an attempt to fuck the two sisters together.

Emma couldn't be happier about that. And she couldn't wait for Anne to feel exactly the same way.




Vista hated meetings. And paperwork. And console duty. And just about everything Wards-related that didn't involve going out to kick Nazi ass.

But, if there was one type of meeting that she hated slightly less than the others - it would be these. The situation reports. The catch-up after a moment of crisis. Where the PRT took stock of a problem and started trying to fix it. When new Capes appeared on the map and every detail about them was scrutinised for hints about powers, potential and their likely heroic or villainous inclinations. It was a real hero meeting. It felt important. It wasn't an hour-long lecture by someone who didn't have powers telling her about the dangers of being on a ladder because 'technically' she was working at heights when skipping from rooftop to rooftop.

"I will begin." Armsmaster enters the room and starts talking without much preamble, the projector whirring to life in the same moment. Did he practice that entrance? Or was he just waiting outside the door so that he could time it properly? She hides her smirk at the idea before anyone can notice.

Apart from Gallant. Gallant always noticed.

"Firstly, we don't have any concrete leads on any greater plan behind this incident - whether any unconfirmed rumours from non-vetted sources claim that there is one or not. No concerted break-out of prisoners, no major robberies, no unusual spike in crime or severity - for the moment, we are to keep our eyes open and watch for unusual activity. But for now, we will be treating the simultaneous nature of these attacks as either attacks of opportunity or simple coincidences." His monotone carries throughout the room.

"Secondly, this incident has confirmed the allegiance of several additional parahumans to certain groups. Some of these were already known or suspected, but others are new. I have updated the folder for all the affected groups, I will address some of them, but I advise you read further in your own time." Clockblocker makes a pfft noise, slightly too loudly. Armsmaster's helmet turns, slowly, woodenly - and stares. Clockblocker shrinks down with a muted 'sorry'.

He continues. "And finally, there is a need to assess some of the vigilantes and villains that have popped up over this incident and the last few weeks."

The projector behind him shifts.

"Most critically, then, the state of the city." Swathes of colour fill in a map of the city to indicate controlled territory. Shadow Stalker's disgusted snort, for once, is understandable. It's always bugged Vista as well - just how much of the city was... conceded to the gangs. The law was still enforced, up to a certain point - but... at the same time, there was a point. And the Empire and ABB could no more be dislodged than the PRT themselves could. More often than not, they were the true enforcers of those areas, rather than the cops allowed to handle petty crime. "Despite being crippled on the Parahuman front, the ABB remains a powerful force - with the loss of Oni Lee more than answered by a surge in guns and explosive weaponry, put to devastating use in response to the Empire incursion. Given the Empire's failure to take out Lung and our own capture of Victor and Krieg, we can expect the current stalemate to continue for a time for both major gangs - all of you should be wary of retaliatory strikes against us as a show of force."

"Are we going to take the fight to Lung then?" Aegis asks the question. "Between the hero groups of the Bay, we have mobility that the Empire doesn't. We don't have to take a predictable route along the streets, one quick fight before he grows and the ABB as an organisation is done."

"We? Or, we?" Miss Militia crosses her arms. "The Protectorate and its partners will consider all of the options available to them, with the greatest focus being put on the safety of civilians and the preservation of life. It's too soon to make a rash decision about such a potentially volatile mission." Another snort from Sophia. Vista unhappily agrees with her again. That sounded like a 'no'. "Or, if you meant - 'we' as in, you? Are we going to send our Wards, all of whom are yet to reach adulthood, into enemy territory to fight a known murderer who once clashed with an Endbringer directly and came out alive? Was that the question?"

Aegis shrinks back a little, looking sheepish as Miss Militia rephrases his real question. "The-the first one." He answers lamely.

"Bitch." Aegis whirls on Sophia as her snickering comment carries across the room.

"Shadow Stalker, you will be taking over console duty for Aegis on Saturday." Armsmaster decrees, earning a thunderous scowl from the girl. Vista smirks. It was always nice to see her taken down a peg, even if their views were happening to line up a bit more than usual today.

Everyone settles down again, Aegis looking mollified and the adults in the room looking nonplussed. Assault starts speaking. "Right. Uh. I'm supposed to talk about neutral people. So. Faultline and her mercenaries appear to have left Brockton Bay, likely for the sake of a contract - as usual. Word is that they pissed off the Empire while this was all going down, so even if we didn't hear much about it - they'll probably keep their distance while the heat dies down. Parian did nothing of note overall apart from knocking around some gangbangers with those dolls of hers. I've seen the video for that, I've submitted a request to upgrade her Master rating - the larger ones are way more of a problem than the smaller ones we last saw in a fight."

"I've approved it." Armsmaster rumbles.

"Right-o." Assault shrugs. "Anyway, that's mostly it. I would usually talk about Hellhound, but, uh - she's definitely a villain now."

"Hellhound was already classified as a villain." Armsmaster interjects. "She is wanted for questioning regarding the murder of two-"

"Yeah, yeah. We get it. But nobody was actually going to arrest her for knocking Hookwolf through a wall and shutting down dogfighting rings, right?" He rolls his eyes. "Apart from you, I suppose."

"Positive actions do not necessarily outweigh negative ones." Armsmaster responds tightly. "But, you are correct. If anyone was not considering her a 'real' villain before, she is now. The next most concerning group on our list confirms a previous report on the team known as the Undersiders, with some additions. A group of thieves and lowlifes that have recently upped their game as their numbers swelled. The leader appears to be a teenaged girl called Tattletale. Power, unknown - but likely Thinker. Hellhound and Grue, both with previous conflicts with heroes, have both been confirmed as members. A pyrokinetic known as Spitfire, previously assumed to be a vigilante, has now been confirmed as a member. This is Regent, power unknown."

As he speaks, images and stills from a security camera pop up on-screen showing each costumed member racing through a corridor, presumably from their latest heist. A casino, if Vista was remembering the initial reports right.

"While none of them are an individual powerhouse relative to their peers, their numbers and teamwork do make them a significant threat - and their newfound combat abilities allow them the possibility of choosing direct conflict in response to confrontation rather than relying solely on their escape specialities. Whether they will choose to utilise that option, or continue with their modus operandi - is still unknown." Armsmaster crosses his arms. "We have little insight into several of their powers or their potential upper limits due to the lack of footage to analyse, so if you do encounter these thieves, you are to request for backup and do your best to not escalate the situation or initiate hostilities."

"Got it. Don't fight the serious criminals. Don't fight the non-serious criminals." Vista murmurs. Miss Militia shoots her a disapproving look. Whoops. Too loud. But, she doesn't regret saying it. She knows she isn't the only one here to feel that way. Everyone in the Wards had seen the online reaction to the relative lack of success on the hero side of things compared to the conflagration of villainous activity across the city. Too many videos of heroes standing by and 'monitoring' the situation, or exchanging half-hearted blows before allowing the villains to retreat. Even Clockblocker wasn't joking around for once. There was a sense of bitterness in the air that couldn't be dispelled. A feeling that, if not for the PRT holding them back - they could have really done something.

Something about this latest group made that feeling worse. That this group of five teenagers was considered a threat worthy of consideration and even a small amount of respect, but if you turn that into a group of seven and call them Wards - suddenly they're a liability. A glorified babysitting job, a group that should sit down and obediently wait to turn eighteen before being allowed to do anything.

Maybe it wasn't an entirely fair thought. In less explosive times, the Wards had been deployed before... but Vista didn't feel like being charitable or fair right now.

"Uber and Leet have not streamed or been seen in any fashion since their... performance. It's likely that they will return at some stage, but they are not our primary concern for now." One more slide change. "And, for the last notable villain group to take action - the Merchants appear to have recruited a Changer after an extended fight in the Trainyards. The parahuman strength of the group is still minor, but their unpowered ranks continue to swell along with their influence over the drug trade."

The girl at Vista's side lets out an impatient sigh. "A few new Capes showed themselves, the Palanquin has fucked off again, Uber & Leet are trying to piece their broken toys back together, a few nobodies pulled together more of a team so that they could steal candy better, the Merchants have another nobody on their team, the Empire lost some guys and probably has it out for us - and Lung is still crying all on his own about how much he misses Oni Lee." Sophia interrupts with a summary of her own. "None of us are allowed to do anything about it, and we should tuck our tails in and run away if anybody even looks at us funny. Does that about sum it up? Can we go now?"

"No." Armsmaster tells her bluntly. "There's still more to discuss. Namely, the two vigilantes that we do have a significant amount of information on - and that, so far, have remained heroically-minded overall. Void Cowboy, and the newly-named Arachne. While they have both politely refused an invitation to the Wards so far, there is an open invitation for them to join at any moment. If you encounter them, be sure to encourage future cooperation and the advantages of Ward membership. Several people here today have had interactions with one or both of them. Vigilantism is still technically illegal, and it is not uncommon for vigilantes to be lured in by a gang - so even if we don't currently have plans to confront them, now is the appropriate time to discuss aspects of their powers, ratings and potential countermeasures."

Miss Militia takes over at the front of the room as Armsmaster steps away. Too in-sync. Too smooth. Not for grumpy, unsociable Armsmaster. Did he have a speech-writer in his suit, and he just asked it to make a proper speech and followed the prompts as appropriate? No. Surely not. Vista peers at his helmet suspiciously, as if hoping to catch some glimmer of flickering light or lines of code racing across the visor. She gets a steady look in return.

Too obvious. She looks away as Miss Militia starts to speak. "I'll start with Arachne, based off of my only interaction with her - after the capture of Oni Lee, along with the CCTV footage gathered surrounding the incident. A Master over bugs of various descriptions, capable of acting both at scale and with precision. She appears to be limited by range, although said range is still respectably large. During the confrontation with Oni Lee, she held a mass of bugs large enough to block the light from every window, doorway and internal light source in the warehouse simultaneously while still several buildings away from the actual conflict inside."

Vista shudders at the image Armsmaster brings up on screen. A bodycam footage of a wall. But not just a wall. A living wall of chittering, gibbering chitin. A mass of bugs so numerous that, for a moment, you couldn't even grasp what you were looking at until you saw some fly away or shuffle around the pile. That was too many bugs. Maybe Arachne was secretly a nice person, but Vista personally wouldn't mind if she just... became a villain and got tossed into a cell forever, a long way away from Brockton Bay.

Maybe that seemed extreme. But Vista had seen the incident report of the last time the girl had gone on patrol and encountered some drug dealers. If there was even the slightest possibility of Vista ending up like that, then her reaction wasn't extreme enough. Anyone would understand.

Vista shakes her head as Miss Militia continues to recite her thoughts. "She appears to control every bug within her range automatically, with no need to apply a control vector of any kind first. We don't have a confirmed upper limit on her range, but based on the earlier example, we could safely assume that every bug within half-a-block in any given direction is under her control at any given moment. When I met her, she demonstrated the ability to form complex patterns with her bugs, indicating that she was simultaneously directing the bugs individually rather than commanding the swarm as a whole. Inventive, and nigh-impossible to easily separate from her bugs without special measures. Master six."

"Still just a squishy Master at the end of the day, right?" Clockblocker stretches his arms up. "I mean, I'm not lining up to fight her - but if we ever did come to blows, swap out the half-masks for a full helmet, and she's-" He pauses dramatically. "-buggered."

Kid Win kicks the back of Clockblocker's chair, his feelings mirroring the minor groans and disappointed looks that the room sends his way.

"She's got them dragging string around and tying up thugs now. They have mass behind them, they can carry objects given time. Even if her control is unchanged, they're not just bugs crawling into open mouths anymore." Dauntless offers. "I'd make it a seven. Maybe even an eight - I don't see a reason why she could weigh people down, carry small bags and tie up thugs, but not cart around grenades or guns and pull a pin. It's a dangerous power if she ever pushes it, it's strange to say given the... obvious discomfort of seeing her in action, but I dare say we've only seen the family-friendly version of her skillset so far."

Triumph interjects. "I'm in favour of the higher rating as well, if only for different reasons. I was following a PHO thread trying to break down her powers when she was first spotted. The videos were all poor quality, but one guy in there was able to point out damn-near every type of bug in the city. That sounds obvious, but I mean... beetles, spiders, ants, flies, wasps - there's no significant link between them other than 'bugs'. There were no obvious exceptions to the rule, which means we can't rule out the possibility that she could find a particularly poisonous or lethal bug - even one that could never survive locally under normal circumstances - and turn it into a weapon. Local or foreign, there's potential to kill a person in a single sting. Not that I'm saying she would! By all accounts, she seems lovely-"

"But that kind of discussion, that kind of scenario, is precisely the kind of thing we have these meetings for." Dauntless assures him. "If they won't come in for power-testing and have no strong desire to join the Wards, we need to take a cautious approach. Imagine what the worst-case scenario might look like. You don't need to justify the answer, it's a fair point."

Velocity interjects. "I wouldn't say that she's doing those tasks as smoothly as a human would, but she was tying up well over a dozen people simultaneously when the police arrived while barely even looking at them. She noticed Victor on the roof and took him down without ever having the chance to see him directly, even if she didn't identify him as an actual Cape at the time. A conversation didn't stop any of her bugs from their tasks. Sensory abilities through her bugs, multitasking. That's a Thinker rating on top. Not a big one, but worth considering. You can't count on her being distracted."

Armsmaster shifts his weight. A moment later, text appears next to the photo of the girl. MASTER 7. THINKER 2. "Anything else to add?"

After a moment of silence, Miss Militia pipes up. "It's not power-related, but I'm inclined to think she's the more heroically-minded out of the pair. Comparing injury rates from their vigilantism, her obvious preparation in the event of allergies or unaccounted-for injuries on patrol and the way she seemed to jump straight to the aid of her partner when he ended up in a tough spot - she seemed thrilled to see us, if considerably-less-so once I raised the subject of the Wards. The boy - less so. I understand that her refusals have become firmer recently, but I do wonder - if that boy hadn't been there at our first meeting - I feel like I might have been able to convince her there and then."

"Something to consider when trying to recruit them. Try to keep them separated, not by force - but, if we can just happen to time our choices in conversations well, we might be able to convince one before the other can rally them against the idea." Battery rests her head on one hand.

"I don't know if it will come to that. They've been spreading their patrols and attacks out lately. Lung is naturally furious with them. The Empire is wounded, looking to restore their reputation after a bad night out. They might just come to us on their own for protection, once the reality of being pursued by an entire gang kicks in." Assault responds.

Gallant frowns. "We can't sit back and hope like that. The odds are just as good that they show up dead, or end up as part of that gang themselves."

Assault shrugs. "I'm not saying that we just sit back and hold out a form for them to sign while they're being hunted down, but if things go that far - we have an obligation to be heavy-handed, if only to stop them from going out and tweaking Lung's nose until they stop getting lucky. And, fact is, we don't have much of a choice. They haven't exactly left us a viable route to regularly have an honest, serious discussion with them or sway their opinion on the matter. We can't just walk up to their door and insist that they hear us out, it has to be their choice to come to us in the end - unless they end up doing something that makes us track them down, of course." He doesn't look at Sophia. He doesn't have to. Everyone knows that Sophia got dragged here against her will. She's made that point clear. Loudly. Repeatedly.

"Will Lung even do anything?" Aegis asks quietly. "I know that he's, well, Lung - but at the same time, he's just one guy. He can't be everywhere. If he goes chasing someone halfway across the city, the Empire will slice his territory in half in a blink. Same situation if he goes and tries to jailbreak Oni Lee."

"Our current estimates say, no. At least for now." Armsmaster interjects. "Until the ABB's numbers grow, it's likely that he will simply respond to incursions within his claimed territory - but we can't rely on that staying true forever. With the presence of the Empire and the promise of his personal strength, new Capes of certain ethnicities are likely to see him in far more of a positive light to the rest of the city - to say nothing of the potential for trauma or drug-induced triggers among his actual underlings through their regular activities. He won't struggle to recruit a new face forever. We can't get complacent, we'll likely be a primary target the second he feels safe leaving his territory."

"We won't have to get complacent if Oni Lee is stuck in the Birdcage." Sophia growls. "Why the hell is he - not to mention the two Nazi pricks - still waiting to be broken out? He's a mass-murderer five times over."

"Legal proceedings take some time in cases like these. While Oni Lee is undeniably guilty, his lack of previous captures means that he's technically never been previously convicted. The severity of his crimes are certainly enough to make it a simple, foregone conclusion in essence - but a court case and all the necessary proceedings are still required. Permanent imprisonment without any possibility of release is not something that can clear the courts in a day, even the simplest of objections mandates a thorough trial in all but the most dramatic of cases. All three of them have had a number of concerned civilian civil-rights advocates interceding on their behalf, with no shortage of legal efforts to slow, delay and obstruct the case."

Sophia doesn't back down. "Civilians my ass. You mean the gangs paid their lawyers to fuck around for a few weeks while they find out how much to pay off the prison guards. Just arrest everyone that says something nice about all three of them in the court, they're all in the gangs anyway."

"There's no conclusive proof of that, unless you have anything to bring forward yourself." Armsmaster responds bluntly. "As much as it would make our lives far easier if due process and the law could be ignored, that's not a path that we, the Protectorate or the nation at large wishes to go down. Too many high-profile mistakes have already been made when sending people to the Birdcage. Even if it's likely that no small number of the drama and challenges surrounding this case are malicious in nature, they are legally sound."

"If it makes you feel better, the courts do get fed up with escape attempts as well. It's not exactly advertised, but if you keep escaping, they just do the trial without you after you end up with enough strikes on your card. Rack up six or seven points, they don't even show you to a judge - you just get put in the first van out of town and wake up in your new home-for-life." Assault grins lazily, side-eyeing an unimpressed Battery. "Or, so I heard, anyway."

Vista couldn't help but feel that she was missing out on an inside joke, judging by Battery's irritated body language and something in Assault's tone.

"Great. Let's just lock him up five more times, and maybe we might get him before he changes his name and moves to another country. We might actually have him out of Brockton in a decade or two!" Sophia doesn't sound appeased.

"It would be a mistake to consider a potential escape as an inevitability. All three are held in a secure location, not a simple prison cell that they can walk out of. Both gangs have suffered losses and are unlikely to consider cooperation, nor are likely to succeed alone on a direct attack against the PRT." Armsmaster responds stiffly.

"I'll believe it when I see it." Sophia's sullen, bitter tone signals the end of the tangent.

Miss Militia coughs. "If there's nothing else, then shall we move on to the other member of the pair?"

Armsmaster nods. "Void Cowboy. Based on his choice to maintain his PHO identity after becoming a Cape, we have a more thorough understanding of his psychological profile and tendencies - and while some of his personal anecdotes are likely to either be exaggerated or fabricated entirely - some knowledge into certain aspects of his life along with it. Current PHO alias, XxVoid_CowboyxX. Three previous accounts with permanent bans for doxxing, harassment and distributing leaked documents. Eleven temporary bans on his current account and eighteen infractions, usually for profanity or arguments in the 'Conspiracy Corner' and 'Powerscaling' sections of PHO." A selection of forum posts appear behind Armsmaster. "Since his reveal as a Cape, no further infractions have occurred and he appears to have deleted large swathes of his previous conspiracy posts - whether this indicates a surge of maturity, a power-induced psychological shift or simply represents an attempt to clean up his image is currently unknown."

"Pleasant character, when you put it like that." Aegis mutters.

Armsmaster continues. "Of the pair, he was the first to appear on the scene. He performed several patrols late into the night, leaving a trail of broken bones in his wake. Little was known about his powers at this time, mostly due to the unreliable nature of his typical targets due to being under the influence of drugs." He pauses. "What I am about to tell you is not public knowledge, and does not leave this room unless he reveals it himself." He holds everyone's gaze individually until a nod of agreement is returned from everyone. "When he chose to attend the Simurgh battle in Canberra as a support Cape, the vetting and power analysis team forwarded us the usual report for new Capes. While this is strictly legal, it's not a well-known fact that we like to advertise. As far as he is aware, we don't know this information for certain yet, or at least, not to the extent that we should have any concerns about him - but it has informed our approach to recruiting him." He clears his throat. "Void Cowboy is not a simple Trump as he claimed initially on his online debut, nor a grab-bag inspired by nearby Capes like he has hinted at in the past when questioned on his sightings and powersets in person and online - he is a power-copier. One that, so far, has yet to lose access to any power that he has gained access to."

There's a shift in the room at that. Some people don't look surprised. Some look uncomfortable. Makes sense. Vista wouldn't be too happy at the idea of knowing some guy could just copy her power without going through a drop of the trauma she had to put up with to get it. Everyone else probably felt the same.

"When he gets emotionally close to a Cape or forms some kind of attachment with them-" Armsmaster almost seems upset at the words coming out of his mouth. He was probably annoyed he couldn't break it down scientifically into numbers and hard facts. "-he has a chance to gain abilities similar or adjacent to some aspect of their powers. So far, these have not been as powerful as the originals - either due to an inbuilt limitation of his power, or because he has been unable to form close-bonds with anyone apart from his primary partner due to his obvious personality defects. Most likely, the latter, despite a seeming ability to subconsciously adapt his conversational approach when conversing with others. Not a threat worthy of a Thinker rating, but some kind of psychological nudge from his power seems evident."

Vista blinks. Wow. Harsh. Or, was that just Armsmaster being as blunt as ever? It wasn't like she could even say that it was out of line, looking at the spirited argument on the screen claiming that Marquis was the best thing to happen to the Bay and crime rates were down when the Butcher was around. That was a dumb thing to say. Or support.

"That said, even a small acquaintance or passing relation can be enough to gain a weak variant. Our first reliable, coherent report comes from Civilian A - whose name I will not reveal out of privacy concerns. Void Cowboy prevented her from being mugged and raped, demonstrating an unambiguous use of power variants belonging to Clockblocker, Vista, Shadow Stalker and Velocity. None of those four reported any unusual contacts either in-or-out of costume around that time, but later analysis has indicated that all of these powers have considerable downsides compared to the original." A timer appearing next to a GIF of his apparent Shadow State, looping through multiple different uses. A picture of him frozen for multiple seconds before the camera blurs as he leaves the scene. An indication of all the ways Clockblocker could have ended a brawl by freezing clothes, while Void Cowboy wrestles an item clear from their body first - a line tracing away from the image leading to the words 'Manton Limit?'. Someone had put effort into this.

Gallant raises a hand. "So... what do we do? Like. Avoid him? Try to meet him? Leave any interactions to the regular troopers? If he's just going to copy our powers whenever we cross paths... how do we stop that?"

"Stopping it entirely without alienating him or revealing our hand is likely impossible." Armsmaster states bluntly. "But considering that he has several interactions with other Capes and has yet to demonstrate many of their powers, gaining a power requires more conditions than simple proximity and conversation. He was able to acquire a minor version of Othala's powers almost immediately upon meeting her, but has yet to demonstrate anything from Miss Militia or Oni Lee. That said, it would be wise to consider that any overtures to reach out and meet from him are likely to be an attempt to acquire a new power - if he contacts you, contact the console for approval before responding." He shifts his weight from one foot to the next. "And, remember - we're not expected to know this information, and publicising our methods might render us to a certain level of scrutiny that could negatively affect us in the future. We should endeavour to act normally, but with the understanding that it's very possible that - however unimpressive he appears now - he could be a genuine powerhouse in the future. Recruitment and extending a hand of friendship should be a priority, but without massively accelerating his ability to gather new powers. Sticking to the same few individuals to talk to him might be an appropriate measure."

"Not someone we can just let fall into the hands of a gang." Battery murmurs. "If we play it too slow, and his power doesn't have a limit somewhere - we could have a second Lung on our hands. Literally."

"Equally, he's not someone we want to drive into the hands of a gang." Assault counters. "You can read his post history for five seconds and realise he doesn't like us or the gangs. He's got a lot of opinions on government overreach, I know we need him on the side of the angels - but he's definitely wary of the potential of getting press-ganged. I know certain people here don't love vigilantes, but in this case - vigilantism is good. We don't want to start a fight and start racking up charges against him. The Empire will already be interested in a potential recruit, we don't have to make it easy for them by throwing out an arrest warrant for being on our side but without the right label."

"We're already extending no small amount of leeway to the pair, for precisely that reason." Armsmaster crosses his arms. "Othala. Panacea. Shadow Stalker. Velocity. Vista. Glory Girl. Perhaps others. Even with only minor power variants, he's gathered a respectable number of ratings across the board. Striker. Mover. Shaker. Brute. Trump. We haven't seen upper limits for many of them, but I've put every rating at three for now until we know more."

"And a Thinker zero." Velocity adds. "Maybe he doesn't know exactly where each power comes from if he meets too many people in a day, but if he starts hanging around someone in his civilian identity and his power starts getting hits..."

"A potential to out someone." Armsmaster concedes, adding the rating in. "And we shouldn't discount the possibility of his civilian identity being weaponised to that aim either."

A hefty silence descends on the room.

"That's a dangerous thing to start assuming, Armsmaster." Miss Militia has a note of caution in her voice. "I understand where the thought comes from, but... accounting for that in a threat assessment is another thing entirely. Something we would do for a villain. He hasn't demonstrated a reason for that lack of trust yet, has he?"

"I will leave the speculation off of the final record." Armsmaster reluctantly concedes. "However, everyone should still be on the alert for... oddities, in civilians. Approaching heroes on patrol is common enough for civilians, we can't entirely ignore the possibility that he wants to get stronger without us realising what he's doing. Report any oddities in people that approach you to console. Given that it doesn't strictly appear to be an effect he causes against us, but something he gains himself - it's not something we could call a crime, but using his power in such a fashion would let us freely pursue any leads he gives us on his civilian identity. If you do believe that you are interacting with him, inside or outside of costume, just ignore the possibility of power copying and make a report to console at the first opportunity. We don't want to let him know that we are aware, and the hope is that eventually any power that he gains is something that he would get use of in the PRT anyway. Albeit, with permission and appropriate power testing."

"I don't like it." Vista mumbles. The fact that her power was on that list... she'd earned that. And he just... took it? Sure, it wasn't like it was his choice to trigger - or to have that powerset - but she couldn't help but feel a little angry at the idea of someone lucking into an easy, simple powerset that seemed likely to propel them to the upper-echelons of the Protectorate without having to so much as sweat for it.

"It isn't an easy subject." Velocity sends her a wry smile. "And nobody is expecting you to just make it easy for him. But we need to be the most attractive option for his future. We can't let a bit of foresight into his aims and intentions allow us to alienate him. If he comes clean publicly about his powerset, we can raise the idea of working in a larger team - even transferring between different teams - to get a wider spread of powers, assuming there isn't a range limit. He's obviously got aspirations, and now that we know what they are - we can use that to lure him in once he gets frustrated with the difficulty of handling everything alone."

"Doesn't sound likely." Shadow Stalker interjects snarkily. Vista blinks, suddenly noticing that Gallant was practically staring at Shadow Stalker. What was with him? Wasn't that hussy Glory Girl enough? She glares, before remembering herself. Gallant switches his gaze to her, then looks away a little uncomfortably - only to find himself drawn back to Sophia once more. Vista certainly didn't see what was so fascinating to him.

"Every vigilante gets tired of doing it alone eventually." Velocity interjects. "Whether they need the salary, or the backing of a larger team, support with their powers or costume, government support with their personal lives, or just feel like they aren't hitting enough big targets on their own - there are a lot of advantages to consider, regardless of your own feelings on the matter. Even just having someone around to handle interactions with the police and bureaucracy can be valuable. I know more than one vigilante that turned legitimate when he found out that all the people he left tied up around town were getting let go because the police couldn't stick a crime to them without proof."

"Except he is - quite vocally - uninterested in the Wards." Triumph leans back. "It's all very well saying that we smile and look friendly and hope that he chooses us, as if we were hoping for a superstar to sign up with our favourite sports team - but what's actually going to change his mind?"

"The girl, perhaps. As Miss Militia said earlier. If his team expands, he might get attached - and follow the rest of them if we can convince them all except him." Dauntless offers.

"A long shot. She seems more inclined to follow his lead, than the other way around. I'm thinking we need a few more honest conversations with him. Feel out his reasons. If it's the Wards in particular he has a problem with, we've been flexible before." Assault waves his hands in the air. "We know he goes to Winslow or Clarendon, most likely the former. That means, what. A year or two away from being an adult anyway? We've made worse allowances for people going straight into the Protectorate."

Vista scowls, standing up from her chair. "You can't be serious!" They'd do that for him, but not her? "That's not fair!"

"Settle down, midget." Shadow Stalker drawls. "Don't make us get out the pushchair."

She rounds on the ebony-skinned girl, balled-up fists at her side, ready to put a dent into the smug look on her face. Sophia leans forward, practically inviting the hit.

"Enough!" Miss Militia barks out. "We haven't made any promises or allowances yet. Nothing of the sort has ever happened in this area before." She turns to the side. "Assault, please mind the people you're throwing out half-hearted suggestions towards. We can't just make exceptions on a whim like that. The Wards exist for a reason."

"I'm serious." He throws his hands up. "If he walked in here right now, and said he'll join - with the one condition being that he skips over the Wards - are you really going to sit here and say that you'll deny him? Sure, if his power turns out to be a dud - if he's hiding a limit that means that it's never going to get strong enough to be relevant, then he got us. We get a few complaints from people who also want to be treated like an adult, and the Protectorate gets a mid-tier vigilante on their side. And if he's not, then we're keeping the next Dauntless out in the cold on a technicality. You're going to give the Empire another two years to try and recruit him before you'll let him join? If he sticks to his guns and that's all he wants?" Assault shakes his head. "Of course you won't. He's got us over a barrel, whether he realises it yet or not. The sooner we get him in, the better our situation is - even if we have to compromise more than usual. The advantages we can offer to him now are going to be a lot more appealing compared to the advantages we can offer a guy that might be able to take on Lung in a fair fight."

Armsmaster remains silent for a moment. "I'll discuss it with the Director."

"If I may." Velocity takes the chance to speak. "I know we've kind of moved past this - but I couldn't help but notice. Those first few powers he demonstrated in his initial appearance. Myself, Vista and Shadow Stalker. We can assume that Shadow Stalker has, however briefly, interacted with a large enough portion of the school to place that as chance for now - but Vista, Clockblocker and myself can't be explained so easily."

"You think that he sought you out deliberately?" Armsmaster queries. "Or that you cross circles in some other part of your life?"

"Oh, no. Well. I don't have a particular reason to think that, there's no particular link between Vista, Clockblocker and I that isn't also true for half the room - and I don't exactly interact with teenagers much in my civilian identity. No, the only thing I noticed was that he has a rather pronounced opinion about the both of us. If you look at his post history, he's got some... interesting takes about my personal ability and strength. A rather low opinion of my powers and achievements, and he seems to take every chance that he can get to put me at the bottom of any given power rankings or tier list. On the flip-side, Vista, Clockblocker and Armsmaster are the complete opposite - he seems to be championing their cause on his favourite powerscaling communities. Considering how you mentioned how he needs to get a certain level of... closeness, to someone-"

"He's a fan of mine?" She brightens at the news, already inflating her opinion on the boy back up to almost-positive levels.

Velocity hesitates. "More... of your power, perhaps. While he seems to be a genuine fan of, ah, 'Halbeard'-" The Wards titter at that. "-most of his comments for you two were ideas about how your power interacts with others, and his theories about how you could murder everyone else in a deathmatch."

"O-oh." Th-that was still good. Probably. It showed she was being taken seriously, that was a point in his favour. She thinks.

The rest of the room moves on while she tries to establish her opinion on her newfound 'fan'. "You think that his strong opinions about you online could have replaced the need for any physical interaction or proximity." Armsmaster muses.

"Yet, he doesn't have a Tinker power." Kid Win counters. "I mean, if he did - that costume isn't exactly impressive. He'd have made a weapon, at least. Surely."

Velocity nods. "I've got an explanation for that, too. If my theory is correct, I think he would have gained a power from Armsmaster if he had triggered a few months earlier - but as much of a fanboy as he seems, his later posts indicate that he is... rather agitated at the fact that you swapped out your old, blue-white-gold bike for your newest one. I won't repeat his statements on that front here, but I dare say that his opinion on the 'current' Armsmaster has soured from its original heights."

"The MKXIV is vastly superior to the MKXIII." Armsmaster frowns. "Any Tinker worthy of the name would barely need a glance to observe its obvious improvements to functionality and efficiency. That may mean that you're correct that he has yet to find a Tinker specialisation, if he has failed to realise such a simple fact."

Velocity adopts a nonplussed expression as Kid Win nods in support of the point. "Not my point, I think he's more concerned with the aesthetics of it. Not that you care, I know. But, I just thought it was an interesting coincidence. He argues for and against other people, but the three of us stand out the most in his posts - and there's a viable explanation for why there might be an emotional link for both of us, in addition to the absence of one for Armsmaster."

"So if Armsmaster pulls out the paint, Void Cowboy is going to get a Tinker power the next time he checks PHO?" Clockblocker tilts his head. "Huh."

"That won't be happening." Armsmaster denies frostily.

"Well, it's a potential avenue for getting him interested in joining up. You reckon you can promise a roadtrip across the state as a signing bonus?" Assault grins at the unamused Tinker.

Velocity waves his hands around. "I didn't raise this to make a dig at Armsmaster. I raised it because of me. He's made acquaintances out of other people, established friendly relationships - hasn't really got involved in that many incidents to make enemies in, aside from Oni Lee. Yet, his feelings towards me are obviously negative. And yet, he has a variant of my power. There aren't any other speedsters in the Bay, let alone ones that have the same struggles with mass. That means that his interactions don't need to be positive. They could be enemies, and still benefit him."

"So he could be hiding a power from Oni Lee that hasn't been seen yet." Triumph comments. "But as far as we know, he hasn't had enough Cape fights for that to be a concern yet."

"It's another point to consider if we ever end up fighting him." Gallant considers. "If all that matters it that he feels strongly about someone - alongside whatever other conditions are at play - then, the possibility of isolating him from allies won't serve to minimise his potential powersets at all. Every battle or clash might just give him another power as his opinion of us gets worse."

"A fight was already a last-resort. This shouldn't change anything, for now." Armsmaster takes over. "It's a good theory, and we should adjust our online interactions with him accordingly - in case that is truly a vector that he can acquire powers from. If things do come to a fight - and for the last time, that is something we wish to avoid - we need to win on the first engagement. Decisively, before he can adapt. Let's talk about countermeasures and weaknesses. I've already provided a list of his known powers and estimated limits on them, but we're talking about actual combat here."

"I've looked at some of the footage previously. He has Shadow Stalker's power, but he doesn't have her equipment." Aegis offers. "He's slow and cautious about going through unfamiliar walls in certain places, I'll bet he has the same weakness to electricity and no ability to see it through walls."

"Limiting his mobility. Good." Velocity nods. "On a similar note, I've never seen him combine my power with any other power. There's a few cases where it would have made sense to just phase right through a wall with my speed, but he stops, swaps power, goes through, and then uses my power again."

"A one-at-a-time limit?" Armsmaster adds it to the screen. "Not for everything, perhaps. He's on record as healing with Othala and Panacea's power simultaneously. Clockblocker's power has remained active consistently when he has used other powers as well."

"Does Othala's power need to be maintained though? Even if you knock her out, everything she has handed out keeps going until it times out. Maybe his version is the same?"

"Powers that are only required to be active at the moment of use? So continuous powers need to be disabled before another power can be activated, but others can be set and activated in an instant." Armsmaster nods. "The possibility that it might be impossible to blend Brute and Mover powers together would be good to consider. That would change our possible containment methods."

"I wouldn't worry about any Brute aspects yet, if the 'weaker variant' trend holds true, then they shouldn't require drastically different measures. But if he does have a power from Oni Lee, he can teleport now. And there's no shortage of people in the Bay that can fly. So I dare say he'll pick it up one way or another. He can already go through walls, he has a speedster power already... his mover rating is stronger than everything else he has at the moment." Battery leans in. "Honestly, we're lucky that the Bay doesn't have a single human Master or any Strangers at all. That would be the most dangerous addition to his arsenal."

Triumph scowls. "This is pointless, it's all just guesswork right now. He could be hiding a dozen powers from his time at the Endbringer fight if he was so inclined, we'd have no way to tell and we have no way of planning around it. Plotting up strategies is a dead-end. We either get him into power-testing or we get cameras on him when he's going all-out, until then - anything we dream up could just be countered by the very next power he gets."

"That is a point." Battery hums. "The Endbringer fight. It's an oddity if you just look at his history. But when you factor in the power copying..."

"We've got to give the benefit of the doubt for that." Assault intercedes. "I'm sure he considered the benefits, don't get me wrong. But I don't know if it actually matters. He went there to help, and he did. From what I understand, he didn't go out of his way to talk to any powerhouses over there - no trying to fist bump Eidolon or Legend. Yes, he probably picked up Othala's power. Yes, if he joined the PRT we'd have to put a leash on that behaviour so that villains don't stop showing up out of fear of getting their powers copied - but simply showing up there, even if only back at the support camp miles away from the fight, is a mark of moral integrity and a sense of duty. There's no such thing as a safe spot in an Endbringer fight."

Armsmaster speaks grimly. "But if the worst came to pass - if he joins a gang tomorrow and we need a reason to put him away, abusing his power like that - abusing the trust people have in the Endbringer Truce... that would be enough. Sign up, or face the Birdcage."

"I'm not loving the idea, I'll be honest with you." Assault sighs. "We don't know enough about how he acquires powers to assign that level of... deliberation to his motives. Yes, he obviously got a benefit out of it - but are we punishing him for simply existing? There's no way he can show up to an Endbringer fight without doing that. If an identical case came along tomorrow, is the message that we send going to be, 'We will treat you like a malicious criminal if you ever attend an Endbringer fight'?"

"Hopefully not." There's a firm note in Armsmaster's voice. "Remember, our first aim is to recruit him. Friendly faces, open arms. But if he signs up with the Empire, we can't afford to treat him with kid gloves. If he lands in prison once, we can't let him sit in juvie and let him out a few months later. With the way his power might grow, we might never get that chance again. The first charge would need to stick, and messing with the Endbringer Truce would do that."

"You-you mean the Birdcage, right?" Vista frowns. "That seems... excessive. Like you're punishing just because he triggered with the wrong power, that he might be too much trouble down the line - so wash your hands of him now." Vista wasn't entirely sure why she was bothering to defend him, but she was sure that she was in the right here. He didn't seem that unpleasant, and he liked her - even if for a bit of a weird reason. If nothing else, she's sure that he would be devastated to hear his apparent idol thinking of ways to put him into the Birdcage on a technicality if he ever put a foot wrong. It wasn't the heroic thing to do. And Vista was a hero. No matter what Shadow Stalker said behind her back.

"If Dauntless was a vigilante, and we understood his power and its nature - we would have had the same conversation about him." Assault admits. "Sometimes, life isn't fair. It won't come down to us to make the decision if things get that far. Besides, if we can verify that his power isn't growing at that exponential rate - then that worst-case scenario would be no different to handling someone like Rune. It's only the baby-Eidolon, baby-Dauntless level of power that generates the fear for the future to an extent that something unpleasant might be considered. And even then, it's not a given. There would be a difference between Hookwolf and Othala, even if they both got three strikes. The same could be true here."

"We're lingering on the worst-case scenario. Not what's in front of us now." Aegis frowns. "I spoke with him briefly, and he seemed- well. He seemed like a bit of a dumbass, honestly - but he didn't seem malicious. Not like Empire material. If that changes, then this conversation will happen again anyway - but shouldn't we just focus on the guy that we see today?"

"The dumbass. The showboat. The shitposter." Assault smiles. "Worrying about how to navigate the ego of a guy like that sounds like more fun than worrying about a potential A-Class threat. Hell, listening to the way we're talking - I'm half-worried that by focusing too much on the threat, we'll drive him right into becoming what we're worried about. You ever think about what he would think or do if he overheard this meeting? He could be knocking on Kaiser's door begging for protection by the end of the day, and we'd have nobody but ourselves to blame."

"This meeting is secure. I handle the security system, footage and records personally, and every participant was scanned and vetted before arriving." He replies shortly. "We can talk safely here, that isn't a concern."

"Not my point." Assault waves him off. "It's just... let's not overthink things. For now, the guy is a hero and he hasn't done anything for us to doubt him on that. Obviously, he's going to try and get stronger - there's nothing innately nefarious about that. Between him and the girl, they've hit both major gangs in the city. Give them the opportunity, I daresay they'll do it again. Good. If the opportunity comes up, we should help. Take the opportunity to show that we're not all... what was it?" He pauses and glances at a tablet. "...'useless frauds sucking up taxpayer money, motivated to keep the villains rolling in and out of prison at will so that they can keep their inflated salaries rather than cleaning up the city'."

"Sounds like he's nailed it." Everyone ignores Sophia. Apart from Gallant, who still seems... off. Did he have a crush? Had he broken up with Glory Girl or something? What was with the staring?

"Let's return to this topic once we know more." Miss Militia sighs. "Let's keep the meeting rolling, not too much left to talk about. New villain: This is Mush, if our informants are to be believed. A Changer that's recently joined the Archer's Bridge Merchants..."

Vista glances over as Gallant takes the chance to lean towards Sophia discretely. Too discretely. She narrows her gaze. What did he have to talk about with her? She surreptitiously pinches space in the smallest of corridors between her and them, a tunnel directly to her own ear.

"Hey, I won't say anything but - congratulations. I'm happy for you." Gallant whispers. "If you need any help explaining things later-" His voice falls silent as Sophia turns to him with a murderous expression. "-ah, I might have misunderstood-"

"Kill yourself." She shows none of the restraint in her volume that Gallant had.

The response comes from the front of the room immediately. "Shadow Stalker! Extra console duty on Sunday!"

She flicks her middle-finger at the adults of the room. "Fuck you!"

"Make that Monday as well." Armsmaster drones before returning to his speech as if there hadn't been any interruption at all. "...capable of enlarging and enhancing himself using piles of trash, although whether that is a limitation of his own mentality, his powerset or his environment is yet unknown..."

Vista snirks. Whatever that was about, it had worked out well. Nicely done, Gallant. She no longer had to worry about another rival in love.

Her smile fades. That rang a little more hollow than usual. Like she was just going through the motions. Habit.

No. She definitely liked Gallant. Why else would she have spent this long trying to get his attention and impress him?

She looks at him, his back turned to her as he listens intently to Armsmaster. Seriously looks at him. Looking for the spark that she remembers. The perfect gentleman. The flawless hero.

He's just a guy.

An insensitive one. The uncharitable thought springs to mind against her will. He gets cheat emotional powers, and he still couldn't understand her feelings. He'd never, ever intended to let her in. Yet, he'd never committed to firmly denying her either. She'd always known that it must have been obvious - but it was only now that she was acknowledging what it meant. That he enjoyed the feeling of being wanted. That leading her on was just fine in his book. That her feelings were something to bask in, but never to acknowledge.

For a moment, she attempts to argue against the thoughts. That this was the worst way to interpret his actions. That he had proven himself as a kind, generous person before. That he just didn't want to embarrass her, or hurt her feelings. But it was too late to un-think those thoughts. The foundation was broken, whatever feelings had held it in place - long gone, without her even noticing until now.

Vista's first crush evaporates with a whimper. The object of her heart's desire gone in an instant, leaving a gaping hole where her purpose used to be.

She's never felt so empty before.




Some time ago...

"I failed." A sombre, slightly shaky voice fills the cell. "The ground gave way underneath me. I- I drowned."

He makes a note on his clipboard. Another modifier. Useful. Then, a nod at the researcher responsible for monitoring him. "Swap it out."

She leans into the intercom. "Take a rest. We'll move on for now."

"R-right." The youth falls silent, sinking into the room's only chair with a haunted look on his face.

The researcher's foot taps on the floor with increasing pace and intensity. A stiff expression on her face indicating that she had plenty she wished to say, but was uncertain if she was allowed to say it.

"Speak freely." He doesn't raise his head from the clipboard.

The scientist does so. "This is a waste of time. This is statistically impossible." She shakes her head. "We're doing this wrong. Or it was doomed to start with."

"Improbable." The Number Man corrects. "But I'm inclined to agree with the sentiment." He taps the screen, the half-formed skeleton screams silently into the room as an assistant carts it away. He notes the sharpened focus of the boy, the slight whisper in the air that barely even registers to the microphone. The dejected slump highlights the power's continued failure to demonstrate value. "Subject 1024 has no combat power to speak of. Strictly speaking, a small toddler could likely destroy it in a fight before the reverse occurred. A teenager failing so many times in a row through fluke and happenstance indicates a flaw in our understanding."

"What variable could we be missing? It's a dud. Perhaps it had some higher functionality originally, but we've seen other promising powers falter when put to the test as well. It's a basic combat simulator. Minor precognition. Minor postcognition. That's it." The researcher leans back into her seat with a sigh. "You aren't usually this invested in new subjects."

"He's an oddity." He says, as if it explained everything. Which it did. "Did you see the test results for attempt Alpha-five-seven?"

She shuffles papers in front of her for a moment. "Challenge against Subject 372. Modifiers: Time, Gang, Bloodlust. Result: Failure."

"You'll have to read in more depth. It's interesting solely because of the scenario presented. It's a tactical layout - a potential trick on a battlefield - that could only be used by that particular subject's blend of powers. I drew it up. I've never written it down. Never planned to use it. And yet, shortly after testing his power against me - four out of the eight next challenges all attempted similar scenarios. Similar methods. Two more involved plans to detonate this facility as a last resort, another featured a way to escape off-world." He gazes down at the boy through the one-way mirror.

"It could be a coincidence." She challenges. He knows she doesn't believe it. It's an academic exercise. "He's never seen the facility outside of this room, yet he's basically got the place mapped out in his head by now. He recognised Subject 213 by number alone before they ever came face-to-face. Unexpectedly stumbling across unrelated information during simulations this varied is to be expected."

"Fifty-five challenges in a row with no sign of any special knowledge of the facility. He challenges me personally a single time, then the next seven in a row contain secrets so well hidden that he could wander this facility for a decade and never stumble upon?" It was possible. He knew that. He knew that better than anyone alive. But at a certain point, he had stopped believing in simple coincidences. Not when there were far simpler explanations. "His interaction with my power impacted his own. The simulations changed. Shifted in focus. More relevant, perhaps. More modifiers that we had never seen before. Whether that's a good thing or not, it's hard to say. From what I can tell, it only made him less likely to ever defeat one of his challenges and see if anything happens after a win. It's unusual for one of our agents to make things difficult for a host in response to external stimuli."

"I'd be hesitant to ascribe intent like that to a dead agent." She comments. "Most likely, we're seeing some movement in the mirror here and calling it life. The agent reacts to the stimulus it gets provided, and I dare say that your agent was more stimulating than the typical fare we had tested up that point. Not to mention, alive. If I injected a plant with a cocktail of drugs and chemicals, we might see strange, previously-unseen behaviours - that doesn't mean that the plant is doing anything intentionally. It's a reflex. Nothing more. In truth, I think we could just wipe his recent memories and drop him off to Watchdog. Line-of-sight combat simulations against a villain, not the most useful - but it's viable at least. No point keeping him here."

He considers the boy blankly. On the surface, broken. He'd seen the expression a lot, over the last few decades. His occasional pleading, begging with anyone that would listen to release him - or at least to stop forcing him to use his power to such violently unpleasant ends - that was all genuine.

But he knew what a person that was ready to lay down and die looked like. Even setting aside the continued effects of stimulants, adrenaline and trauma - the expression was just... off. A careful facsimile of what a docile, defeated prisoner should look like.

"Sir?" The researcher prods. "Should I send him off?"

"No." He decides. "Expand the scope of the tests. Bring up Subject 1139, ensure there is a release method for the restraints." He could be wrong. It's true. And someone could die because of it. But he could also be right. Regardless of the moral quandaries, when it came to the sole mission of this facility - a boy with a relatively useless power did not have value. A trial by fire then. If he dies, the sample could be partially resynthesised from his corpse and diluted with other samples - a recovery on the investment, and hopefully a useful mix of the power's Thinker aspects with a more useful secondary effect. If he lives... progress. Another glimpse of insight into the curious nature of his power.

"Sir-" For the first time, a flicker of uncertainty enters her voice. "-1139 is scheduled for destruction. It's completely insane. You don't intend to actually try and make him fight it for real, do you?"

Abnormal challenge to his authority. Unusual concern for a subject. He races through his assessment of the woman, marking her attitude and recent behaviour against the baseline. Within margins. He relaxes, then mentally adds two points to his assessment for safety. Still within margins. No visit from Contessa. No overt sign of Mastered behaviour. Minor flicker of conscience. A sign that she should be rotated out to another duty soon.

He maintains his gaze, returning to mull over her question. Not that it needed much thought. This was far from the worst thing he had ever done. "We may as well maximise the value of the resources we have. If his power fails to reveal anything of substance, even faced with mortal peril - then the experiment can end."

She yields. After a series of buttons are pressed, she spends some time speaking with hushed tones into a radio. The cell below shifts, and Subject 1139 arrives. Restrained by a set of steel bars. Part bird. Part human. Part plant. A towering beast no longer recognisable as human in body or mind, save for the appearance of a torso and organs that glowed through plant-like skin with an intense light. In his eyes, a host of flaws and weaknesses presented itself. Patches of skin too thin to act as the armour that it appeared to be. Limbs struggling under their own weight. Misaligned eyes, likely to induce highly-flawed vision. Vine-like tentacles whipping around at floor-level, unable to break their own momentum - and thus capable of dragging the Subject off balance entirely, if not shatter their already fragile bones.

Yet, indisputably, a monster straight out of a horror movie. Other people did not have his powers of analysis. They saw the beak, capable of sundering stone. The tentacles, where idle-lashings left dents into hardened steel. The shaking of the cage, where impossibly-large muscles raged against their bonds. And the slavering, bloodthirsty eyes - alight with hate and fury. A failure. Even more so than most of the Case-53s that weren't permitted to leave the facility.

"That's significantly stronger than a baseline human." She argues. "He won't have any luck with that considering the others he failed against. It's an absurd matchup."

"But not impossibly out of reach." He appends. "In a first-time battle, Subject 1139 would be drastically favoured. With enough repetitions, a healthy male of his build should begin to approach parity. After thirty-two attempts, he will become favoured himself."

"You're going to tell me to die to that thing?" The tired voice asks.

"We're always hoping that you win, Greg." She chimes into the speaker. He arches an eyebrow at her. "What? It's true. Nothing wrong with being encouraging, is there?"

He recalculates her against the baseline of his master/stranger test again. Another point. Still within allowed margins. Overt sympathy. Perhaps allowing two-way communication was a mistake in this case. She was used to handling decidedly 'inhuman' subjects. Perhaps the inhumane treatment of the boy was upsetting her sensibilities.

That was fine. He didn't have a problem with people maintaining their principles. Other people could take their place and do the dirty work. Several others had also been working on the boy, moving one scientist off the case wouldn't make a notable difference.

"Have you seen the size of that thing's beak? The fucking tentacles?" A hysterical laugh emerges from his throat. "No, no. I get it. You're enjoying this. No. Fuck off. I'm not getting ripped apart again. I'm keeping my arms right where they are. Do you- do you have any idea, any idea at all, how that felt last time? When they got pulled off? It's not the pulling that hurt. Not really. It's when they just- just let me lie there. In a pool of my own blood. Can't move. Can barely breathe. I know that I'm dying, but they don't care about finishing me off. They'll just eat my arm in front of me, laughing. And all I can do is- is just beg to die. Beg to die before they move on to another limb. Shuffle around, trying to make the blood loss worse - stop the clotting." His voice breaks off into a shuddery gasp. "Just let me go already."

The Number Man leans in. "Subject 2087-"

"That's Greg, to shady fucking assholes and mysterious, sanctimonious voices from the ceiling." The bitter snark returns, stronger than before - momentarily snapping him from his descent into mute horror.

"...Greg, then. In nine minutes and twenty-three seconds, the bars holding Subject 1139 back will be lowered. Subject 1139, if you successfully kill the Subject in front of you - you will be set free." A raucous caw meets the words. Not that it had understood him. The words were solely for the benefit of the young man sharing a cell with the ravenous creature.

"Hey! Hey! What do you mean by that?" There's no response to that. "Hey!" She frowns at him, but her attempt to speak into the intercom is paused by an extended hand.

"Let's watch." He says.

"Dammit. Challenge!" A moment later, the boy sags - clutching at his arm with a muted sob of frustration.

They watch in silence. Three minutes pass. Pleading. Begging. Crying. Another challenge. Another three minutes. Swearing. Screaming. Another challenge. Another three minutes - and the bars retreat.

"Challenge!" A pause. This time, there's no flinch. A wild look enters his gaze. "I-I won! It didn't do anything, but- but I won!" He backpedals as the creature pulls itself out of the cage. "Hello? Help!"

"Elaborate." The intercom blares out.

"Uh - it said success, it looked like it was going to give me a reward - and then it just-it just broke on me. A kind of- a blue screen of death. Corrupted data everywhere." He stumbles as he retreats, the murderous caw of his predator pursuer ringing out in anticipation. "Uh, uh! A missing sample! I was missing a sample, or something like that! That was the error! Help already! I did what you asked!"

"Broken." She grimaces. "It was a good idea, if only to confirm that we've seen everything that there is to see. I'll stop the experiment-" He stops her hand before it can reach out to the emergency suppression button. She glances at him. "Are you seriously going to let him die?"

"No." His gaze sharpens as the boy skips back, almost perfectly avoiding the maximum reach of the aggressor's tentacles - even before he had seen them fully extend. Impossible for a normal human to calculate. By the frantic, desperate expression on his face - it wasn't a conscious dodge or a planned adjustment. Coincidence? No. He observes the next step forward, the shift in his weight as the boy contemplates a forward rush - only to abort, darting out of range again as the creature takes another lumbering step forward. "Watch."

They watch as the boy hits the wall at the back of the room, then the corner as the Case 53 advances. And then, finally - the boy charges forward with a maddened, furious cry of terror. They watch him hurl himself into the gaping mouth that stood at the entrance of the creature's ribcage before the first lunge of a tentacle can grab him. They watch him scream and tear his way through the soft, feathered lining at the back of the creature - only to turn around, grasping a sharp-looking rib in his hand, splintered from being grabbed, and driving it back into the bloody mess he emerged from. One organ after the other, until the screaming creature sags - its height turning from twice that of a regular man to something that merely droops on top of his head. He doesn't stop screaming. He doesn't stop stabbing.

Heightened aggression. Suppression of panic and fear. Poor test results under laboratory conditions. The strange adaptation after the challenge against him.

Interesting.

He hated interesting.

"I'll kill you all!" The triumphant boy promises with a crazed grin, directing the promise to the wrong surveillance camera. "You can't keep me here forever. And when I get out-"

He mutes the feed as the boy giggles and returns to furiously ripping apart the lifeless corpse.

"Should we say something?" After some time of watching the boy stab the lifeless corpse, the scientist whispers the question to him.

"Let him get it out of his system." He shakes his head. "He's rather energetic for someone who looked about ready to give up and die. After four attempts, I estimated his chances at less than one in seventeen. Yet, look at him now. Barely even a scratch, and not even a spark of that hopeless nihilism we've been seeing all day. You would think he had completely forgotten about everything leading up to this point." He drums his fingers against the table. She doesn't recognise the tune. "Continue the testing. Expand the scope to more varied targets."

She raises an eyebrow. "You're not giving up? Getting an actual error code back seems pretty clear to me, and a pleasant improvement over a messy self-implosion as their body breaks down. We broke it when we were mixing it, whatever. That's going to happen when you go rummaging in the scrap yard and mash together twenty-unrelated devices to make something that might work as an engine if you squint at it right and pray. On the plus side, if we can mine the area this sample came from, perhaps we can create an agent that skips straight to the 'reward' that we've apparently broken. That sounds like a goldmine in the making to me, rather than traumatising this guy some more."

"That was the full sample, as best as we could tell. Almost pristine." He denies. "And I find it hard to believe that it's fundamentally broken. A human-readable interface? A game-like system, a concept ingrained in modern-day humanity. Accurate identification of targets, by either names or identities. The level of precision required for a power to demonstrate such an excellent connection with the human mind is too much for a power that is 'broken' and 'dead'. If your metaphor for our usual work is the accidental completion of a rocket, salvaged from different unrelated powers - then this is a fully-functional computer pulled from that same scrapheap - the simple fact that it turns on and displays in English is proof that it works. The slightest of errors in any part of the machine would have caused failures with lethal consequences long before that young man could make sense of it in his own language."

She growls in frustration. "And yet, if we can't login - it's scrap all the same. We've been at this for days. One success in, what - over a hundred attempts?" Three hundred and fifty-eight. The subject had been kept active for all three shifts for the last two days. But he doesn't correct her. Tinkertech stimulants were useful for extended power-testing like this, but it wasn't uncommon for researchers to object to the idea and she had already displayed an unusual amount of compassion in this case. Ignorance was bliss. "We're already past our usual schedule. This guy will be using his power for the rest of his life. Drop him home, tip Watchdog off and he'll get all the help he can get making sense of what he has - and you'll get the data you're looking for in the process. Sent right to your inbox, without lifting a finger."

"Something to consider another time." He stands. "As I said. Expand the scope. Continue to test him in high-stress simulations. Ascertain whether this was luck, a power interaction or simple motivation. Get the exact wording from him on everything he saw and did in the simulation, along with what his power said. See if errors occur in all potential cases, or if this was a one-off."

She looks pained, but nods her head tiredly. "I'll get on that, Sir."

He leaves the room silently. Twenty-one inspections down. Thirteen to go. Average predicted inspection time, four minutes and fifty-two seconds.

Perhaps he'd take an early lunch.



The door opens. The Number Man doesn't react.

"Contessa." He greets without turning his head. "What am I looking at here?"

"-cking whore. I'm stuck here, and it's your fault!" Subject 2087 seemed distinctly more animated than when he last observed him, just a few days ago. And the accompanying change of fortune was obvious as well.

"That would appear to be Subject 2087, who appears to be taking the lockdown in the middle of his escape attempt poorly. And Doctor Mother." Contessa observes blandly. "She appears to be enjoying herself."

"Quite." They both consider the nude, nubile form of the de-facto leader of Cauldron - kneeling in front of the subject and enduring a brutal face-fucking. "I will confess some responsibility for the escape attempt and the apparent security breach. I hadn't anticipated the possibility of a Master power emerging in this particular subject, or more specifically, its ability to spread its influence so effectively. What I am surprised about, is that you allowed it to get this far."

A headshake. "It didn't register on the path as a viable escape attempt, and - perhaps due to a flaw in my choice of wording - none of my current paths consider Doctor Mother to be under a Master power."

He hums. "Is he immune to your path then?"

"No." A quick denial. "Or, not personally. The exact details of his challenges and their immediate outcomes are difficult to model without information - but his, personal, actions, choices and motivations? No."

"A quirk in wording then." He stares at the scene. "In truth, I'm struggling to recognise that something is wrong myself. My initial thought was something along the lines of 'good for her', and that it seemed like the kind of thing she would do. Stress relief, something like that. But, every plan that I've made - every policy, every safeguard that I've put in place, would never have allowed for such a person as our leader if she was always so... flighty. Thoughtless. She is exactly as I remember her being, but - all the same, something is wrong."

"Certainly." Contessa agrees easily. "It's the result of his power. The lead scientist tested his power against some of her colleagues, and he concealed the truth about his success from her. On each victory, his targets became a little more loyal, a little closer to his ideal partner - loyal enough to break protocol and 'test' his power against more people. With the entire department increasingly eager to 'help', Doctor Mother was lured down during an inspection and promptly fell victim herself - at which point my intervention became necessary to stop the escape attempt from succeeding."

"And you couldn't have intervened earlier?" He sighs.

"It didn't come up in the Path until now." And wasn't that the most obvious, self-explanatory answer she could have given. She didn't know. She hadn't happened to ask, and only discovered the extent of the issue when she found herself initiating the facility lockdown.

"And you say that they've changed. The scientists, I mean. All of them. Even Doctor Mother." He looks down at his notes again, then back at the scene.

"Quite thoroughly. Almost unrecognisably so." Contessa deadpans.

He peers at his pencil. The traces of lines and angles in the air practically screaming at him. "...is that the Path talking? Or you?"

She crosses her legs in her seat. "The Path informing me."

He clicks his fingers together. "Interesting. It matches my own feelings on the matter, but not my memories. I've seen video recordings. I've interviewed relatives of our scientist. Checked my old diary entries. There is nothing to say that the reality we see in front of us, has not always been the case." He raises the pencil in front of him. "Nothing but his memories and reactions, that know otherwise. Nothing but your powers, that inform you of the answer - and nothing but the ghost of my previous work, loud in its inconsistency. After you locked the site down, I wrote down my summary of the situation in my notebook. Names. Events. Yet, the amount of graphite remaining in this pencil - the angle that the tip remains at - is wrong for the writing that I should have done. On top of that, my previous plans and predictions for this department no longer make sense when I recalculate them in the same way. Minor errors. Inconsistencies. I would never have made such simple mistakes."

"A far-reaching effect." Contessa nods in support. It's unnecessary, but he's filling in the role of Doctor Mother right now. A more human check against her power. A second opinion, however easily the Path might convince him if pushed.

"Or, not far-reaching at all. Tell me, if I were to investigate every 'changed' individual - would I find anything of note that either he or I haven't already noticed?" He asks.

"No." Simple question. Simple answer.

"Then it's curious, isn't it? The world has changed on a scale that exceeds any single parahuman power-" He closes his eyes. "-or the world has not changed much at all. If we called in Subject 98. Would he observe any additional abnormalities?"

"No." After a moment, she volunteers. "Nor would 242. Nor would Alexandria."

"Then, if we discard you as the abnormality - the only ones to say that anything is wrong, is him and me. Nobody else. Not even other Thinkers. And we've interacted before." He lets the pencil drop to the desk. "Such a perfect, flawless change. Eidolon at his peak would struggle to replicate the feat. Even if we consider that the sheer precision behind an unbound agent might minimise the energy requirements for each individual change, the sheer scale... we're talking about the effortless modification of memories, of digital media, of physical records - only to stumble in such a clear, obvious way that only I could possibly notice. To fail in a blatant enough way that only he could notice, and thus feel fear for his eventual discovery. It's too precise for what it has shown its capabilities to be."

He continues. "How exactly it achieved all of that is another story. Has the world always been this way, and we've simply been targeted by a power-spoofing attack of sorts, scrambling our memories and perception of events? Or could his power truly be effecting that change? Electrical signals and minor matter manipulation like we've seen elsewhere, but with a reach and precision that we rarely see in a single agent. Or, another variant of an interdimensional powerset. Blending two worlds - or even his own simulation - together, not needing to create - but simply overwrite without a need to process or understand, or perhaps offloading said processing via the host - and any agents that he's interfaced with." He shakes his head. "But the point remains. It took concerted effort to effect such a change, yet to leave so precise an error - to not leave a single trace save for those that would be observed and acted upon by someone immediately."

"You think that the mistake is deliberate. To induce panic. Desperation." She tilts her head. "Conflict." He knows that she already knows. Or, could already know if she wanted to. In many ways, she was only here to guide his thoughts down the correct path.

"His agent is alive." He states bluntly. "It was no mistake that it failed to achieve anything meaningful during controlled testing, only for a string of improbable victories to occur leading up to an escape attempt. We should have recognised it from the outset, we just weren't expecting it from an agent that should have been dead. The interaction with me - and the adaptation shown by the simulations after the fact - wasn't a simple reflection of my agent. It remembered me. Changed itself. It left a sign that only I could see. Mocking, in a way. Perhaps a way to engineer a change in its circumstances, quite effectively it seems - it certainly encouraged the boy to act with unusual haste. I wonder if that would continue as a baseline behaviour or, if testing continued under a less controlled environment better suited to the agent and thus eliminating the need for it to draw additional attention to itself, that not even I would be able to detect changes as they occur without assistance or observing his reactions directly."

"A power that could be useful." Contessa comments.

"A power that could be dangerous." He counters. "He's already compromised our leadership. He already hates us. At worst, he's dangerous enough to destroy now - at best, we hand him over to the Slug and rebuild him from the ground up."

"Can we afford to do that?" She challenges without heat. "This isn't a future agent being sent on dangerous missions. This is a potential silver bullet. This could be it. Everything that we asked for."

"Are you really trying to convince me? I'm not fighting the Path on this." He pulls a face. "You're supposed to put the Path into the background for these meetings." He spares a meaningful look around. "Why aren't the others here, anyway?

"They would all disagree." The blunt reply is exactly as he feared.

An ominous thing to say, coming from the strongest Thinker in the world. "And the Path says to ignore them." And to tell him about that fact, despite how trivial it would be to deceive him or skirt around the conversation in a hundred different ways. He could feel a headache coming on.

"They would have concerns over the moral implications of the powerset. They would ultimately be convinced, but them having a concrete understanding of the situation complicates the Path later. More opportunities for disruption and failure." She explains.

"And the same isn't true for me?" He asks.

A shrug. "You don't need convincing, and you seem to act as a stabilising influence later on."

He doesn't need convincing? He glances down at Doctor Mother, and the miniature Heartbreaker taking his anger at his imprisonment out on her. He wasn't sure about that. It wasn't about the morality of the situation. Hell, if Heartbreaker himself could wrap Scion around his finger he would join everyone else in kissing the man's boots. Saving humanity was the ultimate goal, regardless of the morality and character of the man to do it. And he was hardly the right person to make moral judgements on someone else. There was a valid enough argument that he, alongside most of Cauldron, would deserve whatever happened to them in the end. But judging them was a task for a world that had been saved. If there was a society left capable of putting them to trial, they could all accept that for the win that it was.

He didn't need convincing. He didn't need convincing. How, exactly would this help? Increasing the ambient level of triggers in a certain environment? No. Contessa mentioned a silver bullet. A simulation against Scion? A testing ground for various attacks and safeguards? No. Too experimental. Too unproven. Her Path wouldn't be able to verify such a possibility.

Contessa skips ahead, cutting past his musings before he can arrive at the answer. "Though you can't remember, Doctor Mother looks twenty years younger. Perhaps a bit more."

He waits for her to continue. She does not. He closes his eyes. What did that mean? The answer comes instantly. "If he could do something similar to you..."

She nods. "If I could regain the power I had at eleven years old, before the Entity placed its restrictions on me - it's over. We win, at that very instant. That power had a plan that was capable of killing both of them. I knew it back then, I just couldn't hold onto it. It had no limits. No restrictions. It knew how to slice through every safeguard with ease. If we can get it back, Scion will fall without so much as a drop of blood being shed against him."

He mulls that over. Maybe she was right to leave the others out of this. A Contessa capable of saving the world alone... only to immediately deliver it right to her new master. He can see why the others would have been difficult, perhaps looking for any chance to apply a leash to the new Cape. Mastering the Master, it was easy to see how a simple disruption to that Path could turn problematic. "Shit." He enunciates emphatically, letting out a rare-but-appropriate curse. "It is a long shot, but... we can't pass that up. If there's even the slightest chance..." He crosses his arms. "But that's even more reason why we need to wipe his memories and start again. We can't risk him out in the world, and we can't keep him here plotting to kill us for everything we've done already."

"Alternatively, we can't afford not to risk him out in the world." She stares at him levelly. "You've had him here, drugged to the gills on stimulants - for almost a week. In that time, the only notable streak of success was the moment you lost control of him. His synergy with his agent is good. Set him loose, see what happens. If it's a failure, we bring him back. No harm done."

He waves a hand in mock-surrender. He hates trying to argue with Contessa. Even when he has viable counterarguments, knowing that it's a doomed effort and that he'll be convinced in the end is enough to convince him not to bother. Especially without Doctor Mother, who she at least respects enough to disengage her primary paths for.

And she was still indisposed. Enthusiastically so. Now along with another researcher as well. Those were his colleagues, but he can't exactly be angry about it. They're all quite happy with the situation, and the subject... well. He isn't happy, but he is finding it quite difficult to remain angry in the face of such enthusiasm from the ladies in the room. He was probably a virgin before this, and had likely expected to be one for a long time. It was impressive, how quickly the thought of escape had fled his mind at the prospect of losing that classification. Teenagers.

He returns his focus to Contessa. "Will that mean anything? What's he going to gain out in the world that's going to help him beat you?" He frowns. "Assassinating the Butcher? An arrangement with the Yangban?"

Contessa pauses. "You know I can't model agent mechanics that effectively, I have some guesses based on how the path moves - but it would be dishonest to say that I was certain." That was a lie, she knew exactly what it would do. But he recognised it as a lie, which meant that the Path had allowed him to glean that knowledge from her reactions - which meant... what? Either his knowledge didn't change things at all, or his immediate reaction would be to the benefit of the Path. Perhaps a flash of insight that would help at a later date. Or any other number of explanations.

What a pain. This is why he liked spreadsheets. They didn't play games like this.

He just lets her continue, not calling her out on the deception. There was such a thing as overthinking, particularly when interacting with strong Thinkers. Being internally consistent was better than constantly trying to outfox every precognitive that dared to make predictions about your behaviour.

She pauses just long enough for his internal musings to resolve. "But we both know, if the agent is alive - and the agent isn't capable of getting what it wants - it will adapt. It won't accept sitting there, losing, forever. Not with a compliant, willing host. Maybe the simulations will change, or the nature of the rewards. But we won't find out if we don't provide it the opportunity."

"I hate this idea." Blunt honesty was necessary here. "The outside world is full of miniature blind spots and variables. Triggers, Endbringers. If you think that he could be a silver-bullet, we should be focused on controlled outings." He grimaces. "Yes, we've had a week of failures so far - but we know more now. Even if his agent did stack the deck against us, it's not impossible to work around."

"But?" She presses, knowing that it wasn't all that he had to say.

"But we don't exactly have an unbiased science team to process him anymore. They'd let him out after the first day if we didn't watch him personally, and we'd never make progress like that." He makes an annoyed expression at the concession. "Don't use me as a replacement for Doctor Mother. I just want to handle the books." He grumbles. "Yes. Fine. It's worth an attempt. We'll need to make some contingencies, he could catch enough attention that we might need to hide him away for his own safety - or in a different world entirely."

"The attention might be a good thing. There is an element of time-pressure involved. If he gets too comfortable, or goes too slow, that could be devastating as our timeline to act shrinks. But if we're in agreement, then we can just act in the absence of Doctor Mother." She stands. "Door. Cauldron. Testing-room Epsilon-D4."

"What are you-" He stands as well, a concerned expression on his face as she walks through. "Wait a second-"

"Who are- I'm not afraid of you. Challenge!" The voice floats up from below.

He steps through after her. "There's no need for that kind of haste. We leave the Path running in the background during meetings for a reason." He scowls at the drooling, vapid expression on the boy's face - which unfortunately had nothing to do with the two ladies fighting over his cock and studiously ignoring our arrival. "Look, you broke him."

"I... hadn't considered that I might be unable to path myself entirely." She actually sounded a little sheepish. "I modified the path to minimise harm while doing this, but hadn't considered that an extra blindspot would need modelling."

He shoots her a level look. "Something that I could have told you about if you'd stopped to listen. Don't tell me you're going to be like this all the time now that Doctor Mother is... like that."

"Oh, Doctor Mother has all of her usual faculties. She's just also... having a romantic fling, of sorts. Catching up on some much-needed stress relief. She'll be fully capable of handling her usual duties once the two are separated." Contessa jumps to her defence. "And he's not broken. Mindwiped of everything Cauldron related since he was brought here. Very thoroughly. The work of the Slug."

"You're telling me that his agent can look at your agent, and simulate a third agent that he has never met, effectively enough to work on himself? That's not reassuring in the slightest." But, at the same time. Perhaps that was what was needed. Another agent, whole. Without restrictions. Without a safety net. One never meant to join the cycle. A silver bullet. Any disconcerting implications about the range of its abilities might be a good thing. They'd thought the same about Eidolon, once.

"Get away from him-!" He ducks away from an attempted tackle. He hurls his pen at one girl. He slams his clipboard into the neck of Doctor Mother. A palm strike takes out the third.

"Harsh." Contessa calls out, as if she couldn't have done it herself with a fraction of the effort - or achieved a similar goal without lifting a finger.

"Wh-what?" The subject blinks. Looking around in confusion. "Who are you? Where am I?"

He ignores him. "They've made my day difficult. I'm allowed to be bitter." They'd sleep it off. "Let's go, Subj- Greg." The youth startles back to his senses, a sense of life and fire returning to his gaze alongside an intense embarrassment as he frantically pulls his clothes back into order. A very precise mindwipe indeed. The Slug could turn someone into a permanent, drooling wreck - they might have had to resort to a Master power to puppet around the boy's body and his power. Yet, that didn't happen.

An offer of a clean slate, right when it was needed. Convenient. Concerning.

"Door. Veder household." He murmurs, shoving the boy lightly towards the portal as it appears - Contessa following closely behind.

He wrinkles at the state of the room. Messy. Unaesthetic.

"Challenge." The whisper comes from behind him. The boy is looking directly at him. And then, suddenly, he turns as pale as a ghost. Shrinking back, using Contessa as a shield. "Y-you guys. You're... C. Right? You know-" He glances around. "Cauldron?" The stage whisper is too loud, the excitement in his tone overcoming any pretence at subtlety. Had he not just been violently killed? Perhaps the death had been swift enough that he hadn't appreciated what actually happened. "Are these my powers?" He waves his hand in front of his eyes. "Is it like a game? How do I level up? Status. Pause. Save. Abilities. Social links. Quests-"

"Greg. Look outside and tell us what your power sees." Contessa interrupts.

For a moment, he looks like he wants to argue - but the argument stills in his tongue as he turns to face Contessa properly, reading something that only he can see. "R-right." He paces over to the window. "Uh. That's Alice. This box says... 'Tutorial. Veder Household 1/8'. If that means anything to you."

Contessa turns her gaze from Greg to the Number Man as places his head in his hands.

"That's perfect. Thank you, Greg." Contessa regards him silently.

"It could have just created that on the fly." He argues to nobody in particular. "It's arrived at a scenario it likes. It kicks things off on easy mode."

"Uh? Hello? Am I out of the loop here?" They ignore Greg.

Contessa says nothing. The silence is damning.

"Or it knew." He reluctantly confronts the other possibility. "The precognition goes further than we-" He stops. "No. That's not it. Contessa. When the vial was administered, you were in the room. Were you targeted afterwards?"

"Almost immediately." She confirms. "My paths took some time to re-organise. Modelling his powerset to a functional level took longer than expected."

"Something you only finished after he challenged you?" He asks. He gets a nod back. A moment later, a thoughtful expression appears on her face as the Path feeds her his theory before he even verbalises it. "I think I see. His challenges were a complete blindspot for you. He challenged you - and his agent interacted with yours, in much the same way as it did with mine. It's not a one-way information transfer. With me, I gained additional information about his modifiers over the next few tests even as his simulations benefitted from the input of my own powerset. An exchange occurred. Your agent gained an understanding of the simulations and the ability to model their outcomes into the Path, and in exchange - it took knowledge. I imagine no small amount of possible simulations are now drawn from Paths that we've modelled previously and discarded, but more relevantly - it came to an understanding with the Path itself."

Contessa nods. "That it would end up here, with a clean slate. In such a controlled environment, without one of my blind spots knocking things off course, without changing any of my active Paths since that interaction - everything remained as predicted without needing an update. My agent told his where the most likely path would end up - and it knew it would be here, with a clean slate from zero, right from the outset. It never needed to cooperate in the lab."

"I'm right here, you know?" Neither of them acknowledges the boy. "Wait, how is it the weekend? Am I going to be in trouble for getting kidnapped, or is it a package deal that you handle that sort of thing for me? My family isn't exactly the most understanding..."

"Predicted, or negotiated?" He makes a sour expression. "Your haste in entering the testing room, and the decision to leave the other core members out of this - that was uncharacteristic of you. We can't entirely dismiss the possibility of... collusion, between agents to achieve this result. That you had multiple possible Paths that could have handled this situation, and this one was selected as the ideal one for you to see. Evidently, not to the extent of what a successful victory for the boy might result in - but we can't ignore the possibility that both agents will seek to nudge things in a mutually-beneficial fashion for them even after the briefest and least successful of challenge attempts. He should be prevented from interacting with potential cognitohazards entirely, and we should verify that we haven't been partially compromised beyond an unwitting exchange of data."

"I'll shuffle my Paths around once we leave. Talk to Eidolon, have him check me over." Contessa nods. He would make certain that she did as well. "Such a disruption should shake off any lingering effect or lasting benefit that his agent gleaned from mine."

"Challenge!" Greg slumps, drooling, again.

He regards the boy for a moment as he once again reduces himself to a drooling wreck.

"Let's hope he loses that habit." He comments drily. "Repetitive exposure to the Slug can have some rather negative effects. Simulated or not, best not try our luck - if he is, indeed, everything you hope he is."

"Let's take it as our cue to leave." She agrees, pressing a piece of paper from her hand into the boy's - and then ungently shoving him onto the bed. "Door to Cauldron."

He stays still as the portal opens. "We're not even going to explain his power to him?"

"Isn't that the point of a tutorial?" She returns.

"Can't argue with that." He grimaces. "Though, not getting any value at all out of the data I gleaned from our brief interaction - that makes me feel like I got swindled."

"You could consider it a lopsided deal on a personal level, though evidently not to the extent of most that were impacted in this incident." She comments drily. He groans at the reminder that this incident still can't be considered complete. "Or, if you consider that ultimately, any goal of his will require saving the world at some point - you could simply call it an overall win for our team."

"An overall win is hardly what I would call losing an entire research division." He makes a gesture around them as they finally step through the portal, Greg making a groaning noise behind him as he wakes.

Contessa shrugs. "We didn't lose an entire research division."

He narrows his eyes at her. "Every single one of them broke protocol. Every single one is under the lasting influence of a Master power. Every single one of them would happily plant a dagger in my back if they thought that their newfound crush might benefit from it or appreciate it in some way." He lists out bluntly. "Even if I can't remember them being too different aside from their new crush, that doesn't change the facts."

"Yes." Contessa agrees. "But you won't fire them."

When a pre-cog says something with that amount of confidence, other arguments tend to fall flat. It was a fact, and now it was necessary to work back from the end result. "You're saying that I decide to keep them. You must realise how absurd that sounds."

"We're keeping Doctor Mother, it's no different." Contessa says indifferently. "On a victory, his agent seems to shift people closer to an ideal partner. An ideal follower. A more loyal, more effective version of themselves. Yes, you now have a team full of shameless fangirls - but their new obsession doesn't indicate that they are any worse at their jobs. No, they will actually improve across several metrics. Enough so that you will be unable to replace them without a drop in performance."

A slow, mounting sense of horror overtakes him. "I'm going to take up drinking." He grouses. "And even if you think I'm going to be impressed, I'm still going to tear the entire department a new one. I'll have the entire department explain why they shouldn't be fired for failing to follow basic security policy."

"Enjoy." Contessa smiles. "I'm going to talk with Doctor Mother."

"There's a lot to catch her up on. If she's in any state to handle it." He agrees.

"That too." She nods airily. "But, I was more thinking... girl talk."

"Ah." He blinks. "I see."

Well. There was nothing wrong with a healthy level of interest in the subject. Particularly if one of the world's greatest hopes now rested on her allowing herself to be Mastered in exactly the same way, once the boy grew capable enough. Had she ever-? No. He didn't know, and he didn't care to know either. Best to focus on more pressing matters.

Like the small army of angry researchers rounding the corner - each one demanding to know what he did with 'their' Greg.

He turns around. Contessa is already gone. Leaving him to the wolves.

He needs a vacation.



Void_Cowboy_3 casts Self-Destruct!

Hell Dragon Emperor takes 214 damage!

Void_Cowboy_3 has died!

Void_Cowboy_3: My bad, thought that would kill it. Should have waited another turn.

Void_Cowboy_3: You might have enough damage to kill it? We can go again, if not. I have time.

She narrows her eyes at the screen, pushing her momentary panic at finding herself alone aside. Slowly, painstakingly, she navigates the menus. An easy task. A difficult task. With everything so breakable. So fragile. Especially when the stakes were so high!

GStringGirl drinks Potion of Haste!

GStringGirl casts Astral Might!

GStringGirl is filled with power!

GStringGirl casts Fireball!

Hell Dragon Emperor takes 24 damage.

Hell Dragon Emperor defeated!

Void_Cowboy_3: Oh - nice!

GStringGirl: I did it!

Void_Cowboy_3: Sorry to make you waste a potion for that. I'll send you another.

GStringGirl: You don't need to! I know where to farm more.

Void_Cowboy_3: Don't worry. I have loads. They share a cooldown with [Potion of Might] so I rarely get to use them with this build.

Void_Cowboy_3: And once you start catching up in gear, they only get easier to farm anyway.

A chime emerges from the speaker. Mail. She teleports back to town to find the mailbox.

Ten potions.

GStringGirl: Ten?!!

Void_Cowboy_3: Consider it payment for the carry.

GStringGirl: I'm the one that should be saying that... you're not even getting anything from this boss.

Void_Cowboy_3: Well, what kind of hero would I be if I left a friend to grind these mats alone? Finding a party for content that isn't from the latest patch can be a real pain, and most people expect you to either know the strats or be so overgeared that the strats don't matter. This is the best way to do it.

GStringGirl: Thank you... I still feel bad though... >_<

Void_Cowboy_3: I'm telling you, it's fine. It's nice to take some downtime to chill once in a while.

A distant noise from outside the room. In an instant, she propels herself away from the computer, to hang above the door - compressed flat against the wall. A familiar sense of predatory hunger rising up inside her as the door opens- "Please watch out!" She calls out with a worried tone, catching herself at the last second. Her tentacles don't match her concern, wrapping and squeezing the person walking through the door in an instant. Strong enough to bend steel and shatter bones into pulp. "I'm so sorry!" She pleads.

"I'm fine, Sveta." The muffled voice confirms. "Just focus on yourself. Breathe."

In. Out. Her tentacles tighten. "I'm trying!" But trying wasn't enough. It was never enough. This suit wouldn't protect her target forever, soon the emergency alarm would be triggered - and they'd suppress her again. And then take away her computer, and then- Something cracks under her grip. "Oh no. Not now!"

A chime emerges from the desk. Her focus shifts to the computer, and a full half of her tentacles follow her gaze. The other half remain stubbornly wrapped around limbs, but the occupant of the protective suit can only watch as she drags them towards the computer.

Void_Cowboy_3: And besides, I might be a bit too busy to hop on here that much over the next few days. Basically every villain in the city reared their heads yesterday, and they got enough of a bruising that they'll probably try a round two at some point. Prison breaks are a regular thing for them - It's not like I know when or where they're going to hit, but I'd really like to be there when they do. That means being out and about, rather than on my computer.

Void_Cowboy_3: So don't feel like I'm ignoring you or anything!

She smiles. A real hero. She'd read the news articles. And followed the PHO post. And watched the Uber & Leet stream. He seemed... to be having fun. It was a little sad that he wouldn't be able to join her here, but she couldn't be selfish about this sort of thing.

GStringGirl: Good luck! When you come back, I might be even stronger than you!

Void_Cowboy_3: We'll see about that >: )

"That's your friend, Sveta?" Doctor Yamada questions, having found herself mostly free as more tentacles abandon their grip on her to attempt typing.

"That's him." She confirms. "He's a hero - an actual hero - you know? He recommended this game to me when I mentioned my difficulties with, um, motor control."

"He seems to have made a good recommendation." The doctor comments idly. "Your control seems greatly improved since the last time we spoke."

"This is actually the same keyboard from then." She couldn't have kept the pride out of her voice if she tried. She'd been trying, really trying - and she hadn't broken a keyboard in almost a week! "The mouse- well. The mouse is harder." Her tentacles writhe in the air, as if doing some kind of mourning dance for the many, many computer peripherals that had perished in her attempts to use an appropriate level of strength when holding or moving the mouse.

"Progress, Sveta. Progress. Look at how far you've come already - there's no need to be down on yourself about having more to do." The last tentacle slips away from her neck. She doesn't take the chance to run. She's smart like that. Smarter than all of the others that thought that they could claim Sveta as a solved case - another achievement on their record. Sveta likes Doctor Yamada. She hopes she doesn't die. "And, you have a good reason to practice. You want to beat your game. And show off to your friend."

"I-" Her tentacles shrink around her face. Like a mask. "I'd like to call him that. But, can I call myself his friend when I'm lying to him all the time? About who I am. What I am. What I've done-" This time, the mouse explodes in her grip. They both regard it for a moment. "-sorry." She mumbles. "That's another one."

"We have plenty more." She waves it off with a dismissive gesture. A tentacle mirrors the movement back at her. "Why don't we talk about your friend? I'm afraid I don't know much about him."

"He's a hero." She repeats. "Well. I didn't know that when we met. In fact, he wasn't a hero yet at that point at all. I think- I think he gained his powers quite recently, so he was a normal person when we first interacted. I'd just gotten my computer privileges, I made my first post on PHO to say hello - and nobody replied to it. It fell off the front page. Then off the second page of results. Then the third. And then I get a private message from him - telling me that there's all sorts of creeps and weirdos on the forums, and that I should be careful about what I post online." She smiles. "He was easy to talk to, and quick to respond even when everyone else was offline. He plays a lot of games, he knows a lot of things. He always has strange ideas and theories to tell - back when I found it hard to type, it was fun to let him go on and on - and all I had to do was agree and manage small responses. A proper conversation!"

"I'm glad that you found someone pleasant to talk to." She makes a show of reading the messages as a tentacle presses her face towards the screen.

"Sorry." She mumbles again. Another tentacle restrains the other, a moment later - a small tangle slumps into a defeated knot. "Anyway. We started talking about each other. Then about games. And, after a while of that - he revealed that he was a Cape now. He used the same PHO username, so it was a bit of a reveal for everyone. Reading the thread about it was funny." She suppresses a smile at the memory. "I got to see more of him after that. Stories about how he fights. How he acts in real life - as a hero, I mean. Videos. News reports. He's a good person." She pauses. "And... I can't help but think, should I even be lying to him at all?"

Doctor Yamada pauses at that, understanding her meaning instantly. "Sveta, I don't mean to entirely discourage the idea. I think it's great that you're ready to trust other people with the real you, but... have you considered if you are prepared for every eventuality here? Everyone who uses the internet encounters the same dilemna, how much of themselves they should share with a stranger online. If I meet someone new, however much I like them - I don't truly know their views. I don't know how they would react to the truth of my work as a therapist, I don't know how I would react to knowing everything about them. What if I lost a friend, knowing some new fact about them that I could no longer overlook?"

"I know. But, this isn't the first time I've thought about this. He's a Cape himself. And... he thinks Case 53s are cool. If you look at his post history, I don't know if he would really have a problem with the idea that I'm not really a... person."

"Don't say that." Yamada states firmly. "You may be different, but you are still every bit as much of a person as the rest of us."

Sveta spins absently. "But you're right. I can't... I can't tell him that I killed people. That I'm a mass murderer. He's too sweet, too innocent - and, I don't know if he could ever forgive that. So I'll lie. But, I'll lie a little less than before. And if I'm wrong, if he's mad that I lied - or angry that I never trusted him enough before - and he never wants to talk to me again..." Her tentacles wriggle again. "Then... that's just how it is. It's better than continuing like this forever."

Yamada regards her silently for a moment. "I think that's incredibly brave of you Sveta."

"Thank you, Doctor." She brings up the chat box again. "Can- can you leave the room? Just to be safe."

There's no argument against that. No tentacles attempt to restrain her as she slowly, tentatively backsteps towards the doorway. "I'll be watching from out here."

GStringGirl: Hey, you know I told you a long time ago I couldn't come to see you? Or show you a picture of myself?

GStringGirl: That wasn't a lie, but... I wasn't honest about the reason.

Void_Cowboy_3: ??

GStringGirl: I'm a Cape.

GStringGirl: A Case 53.

Void_Cowboy_3: Oh!

Void_Cowboy_3: Wow, didn't expect that answer.

GStringGirl: You believe me just like that?

Void_Cowboy_3: It does answer a lot.

Void_Cowboy_3: So, nothing to do with your parents being strict, I assume. Trapped by the government?

GStringGirl: Not in the way that you're thinking. I'm not free to leave, but... I wouldn't want to either. I'm dangerous to be around. I don't want to hurt anyone, so I need to stay here.

Void_Cowboy_3: Are you allowed visitors?

GStringGirl: I... I don't know. I've never had anyone other than the doctors who might want to see me. I'd have to ask, and there would probably be lots of paperwork and arguments about it.

Void_Cowboy_3: Well, if you do find out - let me know. I'd love to come and visit. Even if just to say hello.

Void_Cowboy_3: Does this mean that you're willing to tell me your name now?

GStringGirl: My real name is Sveta. But I think you might recognise it if I told you my Cape name...

GStringGirl: I'm sorry. I'm going to keep that a secret a little while longer.

Void_Cowboy_3: That's fine. I'll consider it a challenge to work out in the meantime.

Void_Cowboy_3: Thanks for trusting me. It can't have been easy.

GStringGirl: No, thank you.

Void_Cowboy_3: ??

GStringGirl: For being my friend.

GStringGirl: I've got to go now. Bye, Void!

Void_Cowboy_3: See you soon, Sveta. >: )

GStringGirl has logged out.

She does a happy spin around the room. She moves to face Doctor Yamada at the viewing port to tell her the good news, only to find that there's already a beaming, proud smile on her face. She pouts at that. Her tentacles spilled the beans before she could even say it herself.

But, she can't be upset. Not when she's taken such a big step. Not when she has a friend.

And... "Doctor Yamada-" She presses herself up against the viewing port. "By any chance - is it possible for me to get visitors? Not- not right now. But... maybe, in the future. Is it possible?"

"It is something that the facility allows for." Yamada considers. "It's not something that's currently authorised in your particular case, but that's mostly a case of the question never coming up. I'm confident that I can handle the paperwork to get someone on this side of the safety mirror. If you mean inside the room with you, that might be more troublesome. You're well on the road to getting to that point, but it's still a danger for untrained personnel. The fact that he is a Cape both helps and hinders the paperwork." She makes a face. "I don't have a concrete answer for you right now. I'll have to run it up the chain, but I'll let you know when I hear back."

They share a smile. Filled with optimism and hope for what the future might hold.


Amy suppresses the sense of loss as Glory Girl sets her down. There were all sorts of reasons why she loved flying with her sister. All sorts of genuine, wholesome reasons to enjoy the thrill of soaring over the Bay - the wind racing through her hair and costume. And then, there were also the unwholesome reasons. The fact that she always smelled so good. That she always held her so tenderly, so firmly. That sometimes, Vicky would shift her grip just enough to press Amy into her chest - utterly unaware of the fact that her sister was secretly enjoying it.

"Alright, you sure you don't need me?" Vicky crosses her arms. "I can stick around if you want. If he gives you any trouble..."

"I'll be fine." She assures her. "The PRT is hanging around anyway, if he wanted to make a scene - he could have done it whenever. This is just a box-ticking exercise." One that had the PRT ringing her up and insisting that she come to the hospital right away. She wasn't a huge fan about the lack of foresight or planning that Void Cowboy had put into this sudden appearance. Not when it impacted her free time.

But, that was life. A Cape shows up at the hospital and randomly starts healing people, who else were they going to go to?

"I won't be far if you need me. I'll have my phone on me. You know the drill." Vicky promises, before rocketing off into the sky. Overly dramatic, considering she was probably just going to touch down at the mall down the road. But, Amy would probably do the same if she had flight. And Vicky looked beautiful doing it, so she wasn't going to complain.

She enters through the usual door. A PRT officer greets her immediately. "Panacea." An inclined head. "Up on the second floor. Room 17B."

"Thanks." She walks past him, unbothered as he falls in behind her. "Is this really a problem? He was vetted enough for the Endbringer fight, wasn't he?"

The officer grunts. "Emergency situations can afford to be more lax about these things, and we don't share records in that level of detail - most of the actual healing process went undocumented. I'm sure you understand how it is."

She does. "Fine." She says sourly. "I'll check that it isn't any different, and you guys will stop being a pain about it?"

"I understand that the upper brass wishes to concede to your professional opinion in this field." He says diplomatically.

She grunts. Up the stairs. Along the corridor. Room 17B. She pushes the door open and steps inside.

"-ure thing buddy, I bet you were sitting in this hospital bed for fun. You're probably addicted to the feeling of your life savings going down the drain and into these hospital bills. Keep complaining, I'll break it again." There's Void Cowboy.

"Disrespectful young brat." The patient snaps.

"I appreciate that I'm missing half of the conversation, but I do agree that you need to work on your bedside manner." She speaks up drily. Void Cowboy spins around fast, his face lighting up when he sees me.

"Panacea! Lovely to see you." He enthuses. "Never mind this guy. He was complaining about me not asking for permission before I saved him thousands of dollars and un-broke his leg to let him walk again. Completely rational of him, I know."

"Yes." She deadpans. "Consent before subjecting someone to a parahuman power or performing a medical operation on them. That's important." He rolls his eyes, so she continues. "As in, it's a crime not to have it and do it anyway."

"Somehow, the lovely officers patrolling around haven't seen fit to arrest me yet." He shrugs. "Burning CDs is a crime. Vigilantism is a crime. Climbing in through the windows so I don't have to talk to the receptionist is... probably not a crime. Right? I've never seen a law that says I have to use the front door."

"Trespassing." She helps.

"Trespassing, schmespassing." He makes a face. "The point is, they're not going to start a fight over it or try to throw me in jail. That's bad PR, if nothing else. A slam dunk in the court of public opinion-"

"But not an actual court." She interjects.

He ignores her interruption. "-so the worst that will happen is the hospital director comes along and asks me politely to leave. Which, surprise, he doesn't want to do while the beds are still overflowing." He looks at her with a grin. "Besides, if they were really going to throw the book at me - why would they send you here to sign off on the fact that I'm not secretly giving everyone super-cancer?"

She can't entirely argue with that. "Can you do that?"

He grins. "Come over to this guy and find out. He was being annoying, so I figured I'd make his balls fall off in a few weeks-"

"I fucking knew it!" The man yells. "Someone arrest this little shit already!"

Amy shoots the other Cape a dirty look. "I think that was a poor attempt at a joke, sir. If you'll give me permission, I'd like to verify that everything is as it should be - and I can ensure that there aren't any unpleasant surprises in the process."

"Yes, yes. Go ahead." The man mutters, trading glares with the other male in the room.

She presses one finger to the man's temple - searching through the flood of information that she has access to with that simple touch.

She pulls away. "You're perfectly healthy, Sir. No unexpected effects, and your leg is healed to a satisfactory level. It may take some time and effort to rebuild the muscle up to normal - but I don't foresee any issues as it stands."

"...and my pecker isn't going to fall off?" The man glares as Void Cowboy breaks out into snickers.

"...No." She confirms woodenly.

"Welp. That's that. On to the next one. Come on, dear Panacea!" Void Cowboy skips from the room.

Reluctantly, she follows. "When did I say that I volunteered to do anything with you? I have a life myself, you know."

"You're here to test my powers right? Is a sample size of one really enough?" He shrugs. "And besides, these people need help. Right?"

"Right." It's not like she can deny that. However bitter she feels about it, this is what her power is for. "You were using... discount versions of mine and Othala's powers, if I recall correctly?"

"I guess." He sounds sour about my choice of words. Good. "Which, coincidentally, is the other reason that it would be good to have you around. I need to offload Othala's power so I can roll regeneration again - and giving powerups to you is probably better than giving them to hospitalised probable-gang-members." His finger pokes her in the cheek. "Poke."

"Gah!" She leans away, fixing him with a deadly scowl. "Personal space! Consent!" She needs a spray bottle.

"Oh, no. I'm so sorry for giving you Brute powers Miss Panacea!" He drawls sarcastically. "Having super-strength must be so arduous for you. I can only apologise."

"You unironically should." She pauses. "But... super-strength, you said?"

He wordlessly hands her a metal spoon.

She gives him a strange look. "Where did you even get this?"

"Do you want to know, or do you want to see yourself tying that thing into knots?" She considers that for a moment. Then she twists the spoon into a perfect circle. Then wraps the ends around each other. Twirling at the end, only to snap off due to the stress. "I looted it from the kitchen here."

She drops the spoon, then hastily picks it back up and shoves it into her pocket. "Why would you do that? And why did you wait to say that until after I had broken it?"

"I thought it would be funny. And I didn't bring anything to eat my lunch with." He pauses. "Ah, swap those around. I stole the spoon because I needed cutlery to eat, and I waited because I thought it would be funny to mess with you-"

"Yeah, I get it." She replies sourly. "Don't use me as the guinea pig for your power again."

"You seemed to enjoy it." He accuses blandly.

"The novelty wore off." She dismisses. "It's just a gimmick."

"Ah. Then you won't be wanting the superspeed that I rolled next? A shame. I'll have to find someone else to give it to along the way." He makes a show of peering down at a clipboard. She can't entirely read it from this angle, but it looks familiar. A list of patients that would benefit the most from Parahuman healing. Looks like the Hospital Director really was looking the other way for this one.

They walk in silence for a moment.

She coughs. "You know, it really would be irresponsible to grant powers to patients like that. They could really hurt themselves-"

"Say no more." She blinks. "Poke!"

"Wai-" She adopts an angry expression as his finger presses into her cheek again. "Stop that!" He slows.

No. He didn't slow. But he was falling behind. His head was slowly turning to follow her, but... she dashes around him. She's fast. Far faster. Fast enough that he can't even follow her movements.

She could...

She could kick him in the balls. There's no way he could react to it from here.

Reluctantly, she puts the violent thought out of her head. Being annoying was one thing, but he probably didn't deserve that. Yet.

She runs to the end of the corridor and back. Void Cowboy turns only just fast enough for her to blow past him on the return trip.

"Wwweeeeellll, ssooommeeooonnneee iiiisss-" Void Cowboy starts, his voice sounding comically deep to her ears.

...whatever he was about to say probably wasn't worth listening to. It would probably be annoying. She dashes up to him, leans over his shoulder - and peers at the clipboard. Room 25C.

He would have to catchup. Before he can even finish the next word, she's gone.

The power runs out mid-conversation with a rather confused patient. The sudden cut-off leaves Amy deliberately slowing and drawing out her words, enough to create a small misunderstanding with the patient - who probably thought she was being insulting. Void Cowboy shows up thirty seconds later with a bemused look on his face.

"Too late, I'm already done here." She breezes past him.

"I'm still yet to hear a thank you, by the way." He gripes.

"I'm still yet to hear you ask for permission." She counters.

He sticks his tongue out at me. "That only makes me less inclined to ask."

"You say that, but you seem to have learned your lesson now." She smirks. "Good boy."

"Nonsense." He dismisses. "I just rolled regeneration early. No sense wasting it on someone who's perfectly healthy."

True to his words. The next patient practically heals themselves. She observes the process to ensure it goes well, but she didn't really need to bother. The healing was flawless, if a bit slow. The power ran out before finishing the job entirely, so she touches up the final steps.

The patient three rooms further down doesn't get the same treatment.

"I totally fixed it." He argues as they leave the room. "No wound, no problem."

"On the skin, sure. But a wound doesn't disappear just because you can't see it anymore." She grouses.

"No infection. No bleeding. No need for bandages." He shakes his head. "I can tell you for a fact that someone with a wound like that, that gets treated like that, will go on to survive for days."

"Oh, wow. Entire days." She drawls. "And when he keels over in a few months because you only cleared up the surface level problem - that's entirely unrelated to you?"

He scowls. "It's not like I couldn't have done it - but my power has a bit of a range problem from the point of contact. If it was just me, life or death situation - I'd have stuck my finger in there and done the rest. Would have hurt a bit, but it would be fixed. Alas, that guy was a wuss and you were just complaining about the hypocritical oath or whatever-"

She ignores that. She's a hundred percent sure that he got the name wrong deliberately to antagonise her.

"-so I figured I would just leave it for you to handle." He finishes with a grin. "Between the two of us, there's nothing we can't handle. That guy had no idea how lucky he is."

"The two of us?" I raise an eyebrow.

He nods. "That's right. With our powers combined, we can cure anything. Cancer. Amputees. Weird diseases. Common cold. Plague. Dental work. Heart attacks." He flounders for more health-related issues for a moment. "Uh, conjoined twins!"

She fights her lips as they try to quirk upwards. She's not going to smile. "I feel like I'm doing the heavy lifting in that partnership. Is your power really going to handle even half of that list?"

"It's called teamwork, Panacea." He fobs her off with an overly-pretentious, dismissive wave. "You couldn't possibly understand."

"I think I would use the term 'babysitting' instead." She internally smiles at his wounded expression.

He mock-dials a number into his hand. "Can I return my Panacea to the store? I wanted the peppy, wholesome white mage and instead I got the bitter, sarcastic version that keeps calling me a loser."

"Have you considered that you might be the problem?" She proposes.

He shakes his head. "Never in my life."

"Explains a lot." She tilts her head as he doesn't turn towards the stairs. "Wrong way."

"Nah. Time for a break." He decides.

She looks pointedly at his list. "There's still more to do."

"And there always will be, what's your point?" She doesn't have one. "It's not like I'm being paid for this. They can hardly fire me for volunteering for three hours instead of four, or whatever I end up doing. Come on."

She follows him out of the patient wing. Across the building. Into an oddly-specific room and- "Are you kidding?"

"No?" He glances back at her through the open window.

"I'm not jumping out the window." She tells him. "We're three floors up. I'll die."

"Space warping powers. It's completely fine. Maybe a single metre drop at most." He rolls his eyes at her doubtful look. "I'll even make a step with Clockblocker's power. How about that?"

"I still have absolutely no reason to go with you." She crosses her arms. "What's wrong with just taking a break in the waiting room?"

"Well, aside from all of the injured people guilt-tripping you while you sit there, and the PRT officers watching our every move while pretending that they aren't doing that - I've got a pyrokinesis blessing that you really can't try out inside without setting the fire alarm off." He taps his nose with a wink.

She sends him a bemused look. "You're acting like some sleazy guy trying to lure kids into his van with candy. Except instead of candy, you have powers."

"And instead of happy, joyful kids I get a sulky Striker who is trying to pretend that she doesn't want to try breathing fire." He appends. "It's easily the most fun power of the lot. According to my patrol partner, at least. I can't hit myself with these, so I can't give my personal opinion."

"This is so dumb." She mumbles to herself. "I'm going to get kidnapped, and I'm going to deserve it." She follows him out the window, momentarily struggling for footing on the time-locked cardboard box he had used as a step.

He was right. The firebreathing was fun.

What was slightly less fun was their frantic escape from their chosen park after the first few civilians started screaming about Lung. She should probably feel a little bit guilty for the panic she caused... but it was mostly Void Cowboy's fault. That was her story. And she was going to stick with it.

"Poke!" She snarls wordlessly at him as they slowly retrace their steps to the back of the hospital. "Durability. Well. Invincibility, according to the roll. Never tested the high-end though, so take that with a pinch of salt."

She's not stabbing herself to test that. She waits until they pass a nearby tree. Then punches it. Nothing. The next wall, she slams her fist into it again. Like hitting a cushion, except with the harsh thump of two solid objects colliding at speed. The next wall- she roars out a noise of complaint as her hand decisively loses the battle with the bricks.

"Hm. Yeah, invincibility tends to last the shortest amount of time. Othala has the same problem." Void Cowboy is not a font of sympathy.

"This is your fault!" She hisses at him. "I just broke my hand! I can't heal myself!"

He gives her a strange look. "My fault because you punched something too hard?" She stomps on his foot. "Ow! Right, okay. I'll fix it." He pauses for a moment too long, a stupid smile making its way onto his face. "I mean. I guess I'll give you a han-" She kicks him in the shin. "Woah, woah, woah! Okay - no sense of humour! Fine! Mercy! I've had enough abuse from you today. I can only take getting beaten up so much."

"I've barely touched you." She grouses.

"That's what you think." He kneels, then takes her hand in his. "Let me see..."

"...are you seriously going to try and fix a broken hand with your Walmart version of my power that only affects skin?" She deadpans.

"It doesn't only affect skin, let's be clear about this. There is a small amount of penetration-" He folds under her unimpressed stare. "Fine, fine. Regeneration, as soon as I get it back. Enjoy durability for the second time in a row."

"As if I'd put my faith in that again." She says sourly.

He doesn't let go of her hand. Not that she really mind either way. His regeneration power might not handle everything - so taking a moment to handle the most obvious issues with her powerset made sense.

...Vicky would definitely get the wrong idea if she saw this. She checks the sky for a moment out of paranoia. Nothing.

Regeneration isn't the next roll. Strength is instead. "We should head back." She shifts on her feet.

"Fine, fine. Just don't sic the PRT on me once we get in there." He appeals. "Or your sister."

"I will consider your request." Amy doesn't give him a firm answer. Let him stew in anticipation for a while about whether he should expect an angry Brute to jump him later today. His fault for handing out sketchy powers with no safety instructions.

The next power is super speed. And she soon finds out that superspeed also means super jumps. Getting back inside the window is a cinch with his space warping in effect. When he encourages her to jump back out and do it again for fun, her withering glare and pointed expression at her broken hand is enough.

Halfway down the corridor, she feels the superspeed wear off mid-stride. Good. It was difficult to keep normal pace as it was. She watches him shift his arm out of the corner of her eye, rising up to her cheeks again. "Po-" She turns sharply. Her teeth clamp shut on his outstretched finger. "Ow! Ow! Leggo you crazy-" His finger dissolves into shadow before he shakes his hand frantically in the air. "Is that the thanks I get? I'm kind of used to not getting any thanks from Miss Grouchy, but what's with that? I give you an unbroken hand and you try to amputate my finger? What if I was giving you super-strength? I use these fingers! How would I type properly?"

"You'd have to find a kind, noble healer in the area who would be willing to reattach it for you." She tells him sweetly. "Perhaps she could teach you a valuable lesson about consent in the process. Like I've been trying to tell you all afternoon." She flexes her hand. Quick work. "I guess you got lucky this time."

"See if I ever heal you again." He pouts at her, not seeming all too bothered despite his words. "The dream team of ultimate healers might just break apart here. And it's all your fault. What will all the doctors and patients around here say when you have to admit that the legendary duo broke up because of your innate violent nature?"

"They'd probably be relieved. I would do the same amount of work in a third of the time if I was alone." She punctures his ego again.

"Alright, now I just feel unappreciated." He sulks.

"Welcome to the medical industry." She snarks.

He snorts at that. Together, they continue on to the next patient.

That evening, when Glory Girl comes to pick her up. She leaves the hospital with a stubborn smile on her face. For the first time in a long time.

"...sooo." Vicky says slowly, drifting over the rooftops as they return home. "...Was he cute?"

Amy dissolves into coughs and splutters, the motion threatening to send her tumbling to the ground below if not for her sister's sure grip. "Vicky!"



Thirty-four metres away, a pair of girls recoil as a wasp makes its presence known on the doorknob. The pair quickly find another place to have lunch.

Fifty-two metres away, a small swarm of flies deter a group of joggers from passing close to her building. They pick the bug-free path at the crossroads, and continue into the distance. She couldn't take any chances. However small the odds were of them glancing through the window to this darkened classroom, it was still a risk that couldn't be tolerated.

Because Taylor, by night an up-and-coming superheroine, was currently completely naked and sprawled across a pair of tables - fingers buried in her slit.

Not because she was a pervert. Because she wasn't. But because she was practicing. Practicing how well she could track things, track people, in the distance. Practicing her sensory abilities with her bugs. Practicing how well she could judge the body position and movements of other people, based only off of the movements of the few bugs she could sneak onto them.

So when Emma - or perhaps it was Madison, it wasn't impossible for her to lose track of which bug belonged to which in a group - adopted a strange position like this? Then, naturally, Taylor should mimic it herself. Just to verify that the position was possible, to verify that the positions of the bugs matched up - thereby proving her increasing mastery.

And when Greg happened to thrust forward, well. It wasn't strictly necessary, but if Taylor happened to touch herself at the same time - syncing things up in a certain way... then that was really just helping to act out the scene, wasn't it? It wasn't like she had forgiven him or anything, or even wanted anything to do with him right now at all - this was just part of verifying that her understanding of the inconsequential scene happening two buildings across and three floors up was accurate.

Greg pulled back. Greg thrust forward. Taylor's fingers press in, and out. In, out. It didn't have anything to do with Greg, not really. Why, it was all-too-easy to swap Greg out for Void. They had a similar enough build at the end of the day - and imagining Void as stumbling upon her in a classroom and deciding to ravish her there and then... well. It wasn't a particularly new fantasy, to say the least. Greg had filled that spot once, but that friendship was over. For now. If he apologised, she'd forgive him before the words were even fully out of his mouth. If he realised what a colossal bitch Emma really was, she would share in his pain and welcome him back with open arms.

And, perhaps, allow herself to go back to that rather enticing dream - of an apologetic Greg and a jealous Void arguing over her, and then, in a flash of perverted brilliance - deciding to share her instead. Nowadays, even ignoring the... issues, with Greg - it felt a little bit too much like cheating on Void. Not that they were in that kind of relationship, he'd been clear about that - and she'd understood how things were without question. She'd seized on the slightest gap in his defence in a moment of weakness, and now, Taylor had a secret lover.

Or, Arachne had a secret lover. To be more specific. Taylor was still... Taylor. Greg would be jealous if he knew, she's certain - but that's a topic that could never be raised without revealing her status as a Cape.

Which was also something that Greg would have loved.

Which made it all, so, so frustrating. That he'd just... let Emma ensnare him like that, before Taylor had a chance to say how she really felt. Before Taylor could tell her best friend that she was a genuine heroine. He was so sure that he understood Emma and could solve the cause of their 'issue', but he was too wilfully blind to see that he had fallen right into her trap. Emma didn't care for him in the slightest - not in the way that she did. All Emma saw was a weapon. A way to hurt her. And, admittedly, she had.

But she couldn't do that with Void. Whatever the trio tried at Winslow, they couldn't take that from her.

In. Out. In. Her fingers pump away in time with Greg's hips. Although, for entirely unrelated reasons - of course. Her lips part as an unconscious, half-stifled moan escapes from her throat - a testament to the effectiveness of the efforts of both her hand and her imagination. Building up to her own climax, a climax that, if she was reading the faster shifting of the bugs in that room right, might just happen to coincide with Greg's own. And, perhaps Emma's. Not that she cares.

She whimpers. She writhes on the table. She clenches around her own fingers. And finally, she slows to a stop - basking in the moment of bliss and satisfaction, all thoughts of petty vengeance and deserved apologies pushed aside. Slick, wet fingers pull away as she considers Greg's likely motions based on what few bugs she had managed to sneak onto him without him noticing. The angle was hard to judge, but perhaps... she smears her fingers along her chest and stomach. Along the slight swell of her breasts. Yes, that seemed likely. Void liked to do that too. Although, her own fluids weren't even a fraction of what was needed to properly mirror what Emma probably looked like right now.

She pushes herself off the table at the thought, a swarm of bugs descending on the small mess that she had made immediately. Right. Emma probably looked like a whore right now. Maybe Greg would come to the realisation that he didn't care for such a blatant slut? If he realised that Emma had nothing going for her aside from her body... Taylor peers at herself in the full length mirror. Once, Taylor would have said that she was lacking in that department. But, the nude, lewd form posing in the mirror with confidence - that was her. Void liked this body. He'd seen all of her, without any of her costume to try and accentuate some measure of femininity - and decided that all he wanted to do was to mark her with his desire.

Taylor was hot. Taylor was wanted. Greg was missing out. And Void was not. Those were the facts, at the end of the day.

She shifts her legs, trying a sideways pose in the mirror. Then a shift to full exposure. Thrusting her chest outwards, then hunching her shoulders forward to see which magnified her assets more. Teasingly protecting her dignity with a delicate shift of her arms. Void was somewhere in this school. If he could see her right now, she would probably end up just like Emma. And however much she might complain about Emma whoring herself for the pettiest of purposes, it wasn't like Taylor couldn't see the appeal in it. If it was Void... Taylor wouldn't mind being a slut. Just a little bit.

Hell, Taylor was already the lowest of the low on that front. Void was taken. In a relationship. And Taylor had wormed her way in regardless. It was easy to imagine most of the school having a poor opinion about that fact if it ever came to light, but Taylor hadn't done it for approval. She'd done it because it was better to be with Void in some fashion - even in second place to his mystery girlfriend - than to be without him entirely. And if he happened to get tired of his boring, non-superheroine girlfriend? Then she would happily slide into first place and ensure that he never, ever felt the need for another second to wait in the wings.

Biting her lip, she retrieves her phone. She snaps a variety of pictures, careful to leave her face excluded from the shot, and after a bit of deliberation over the best one - prepares to send it across to her partner. Not over PHO. Void had warned her about that. About the powers of moderators and admins, about the possibility of Tinker-tech hacking and about conspiracies of government spying. She wasn't sure about all of that, but it meant that he had directed her to more secure app - better suited to messaging like this. And he was comfortable doing it in return. She can't help but flush at the memory of the last picture he sent. A promise that he was ready for tonight's 'patrol'.

Sending picture... Sent!

Arachne: Looking forward to tonight : )

Void_Cowboy is offline.

She shifts her attention. Greg and Emma have split apart, seeming to put on their clothes and preparing to leave. A pair of her bugs get squished, and she briefly loses track of all four of those present entirely as her bugs are momentarily dislodged by a sudden burst of activity. If only she could just swarm her, but with them being nude - even sneaking on the smallest, least detectable of bugs was a difficult task without being noticed. And the entire point was to not give the game away. Greg was a Cape nerd, he'd probably connect some oddly-behaving bugs and the recent arrival of Arachne onto the scene. The last thing she wanted was for anyone to get the mistaken idea that she was a pervert or some kind of voyeur.

She should probably change back into her clothes as well. It wasn't like she had anything else to do, save for waiting for her next class. She directs a trio of bees to threaten a boy that was probably waiting to trade drugs around this building. Satisfied with her privacy, she shifts focus. Not to the bugs in Winslow, but to the administrator back in her house. The one ensuring that her swarms were maintained, that they were breeding appropriately, fed appropriately, making more spidersilk exactly as designed. She adjusts their orders. A few bugs that had slipped inside his range are redirected and repurposed. Corpses are carried away, some to be discarded, others to be devoured.

It takes a few minutes to run through everything, limited mostly by the mobility of the bugs in question. But... no major issues. But it was nice to check in and make sure everything was as efficient as it should be. Not needing to segregate the bugs from each other until she got back was a boon, and she couldn't be more grateful to Void for showing her how her own power had worked all along. Not that he'd meant to, but seeing his version of her power - she'd been able to do it as well once she tried. Messily at first, but she was getting pretty good at it. Half the trick was finding the right bug. Most bugs just fried their brains trying to process everything. The key was-

She shifts her attention again. A frown creases her brow.

And she gathers her clothes together, ensures her own decency - and paces out of the room.

She leaves the school grounds. Crosses the street. Then again. Into an alleyway. An abandoned set of garages. Right to the furthest edges of her range from her last location.

And then, she looks down on the lone bug - easily missed in the centre of the tarmac.

Greg's bug. Or, maybe it could have been Emma or Madison. Or even Sophia. It wasn't impossible that things had gotten shuffled around when her attention had moved to her administrator - or even when they were getting changed, any dislodged bugs had been directed to fly around and land on the closest target so it wasn't impossible that she'd just been unlucky when it came to keeping track of who was who. It wasn't like she could verify who her bugs were on without seeing the person herself - all she had to work with were the sensations of the bug itself. And knowing that this person had hair was... not helpful. But, originally, this one had been attached to Greg.

Still. It isn't that common for a bug to be dislodged like this. Not when it hadn't quite left her range. Nor was it common for the bug to be unable to pick up the target by charging in the expected direction of travel - that's what she usually did in these cases. That tended to work. Not this time. The other bug on them must have died, but that wasn't a surprise. As tempting as it was to sneak some kind of durable beetle or cockroach on him that could survive a crush - small fliers tended to be the most practical at slipping into folds of clothes or collars without being suspicious. Their fragility was a problem, but it was good practice at finding and remembering the positions of her targets - so she didn't mind.

But, just falling off - she hadn't registered any sensations that felt like the bug getting swatted or brushed away, but maybe that could be chalked up to the different senses of each bug? Impacts and pain in general weren't felt in the same way as a human, she could have simply overlooked it - mistaken a determined brush-off for a particularly vigorous stride. A sudden wind, just enough to knock it away? That didn't ring quite right, but it wasn't impossible.

She looks around. Nobody. Nothing. Just broken down buildings, sealed off units and solid walls. There weren't many bugs here. Relatively speaking. Ants and beetles, of course - but not the usual fliers of varying description that she usually relies upon to find someone that she has lost track of. There's not enough around for that. Not even the usual waste and refuse so common in the less-well-off areas of Brockton Bay.

This person, whoever it was, Greg or one of the Trio - could be anywhere. Could have any number of reasons why the bug had vanished. She looks at the closest wall to where the bug had fallen. Just a few steps away.

She flicks her head away. Hard.

There were all kinds of potential explanations. Explanations that didn't involve the two other people who caused this to happen all the time. Maybe it was fine for some things to be a mystery. Maybe there were some answers that she didn't want to know.

Her phone chimes in her pocket.

Void_Cowboy: Hot. Going to ruin you later.

A happy, flushed smile spreads across her face. Right. This was what was important. Even if she found someone out here. Emma, Madison, Sophia or Greg - what would she say? Nothing. Nothing good. She'd just be accused of being a creepy stalker, and she wouldn't even be able to deny it. She should never have even come out this far. Hadn't she been clear that she was done - no longer involved with any of them? Maybe she should start acting like it.

Greg was an idiot. The trio were all bitches. She'd let them dominate her thoughts for too long recently.

Tonight, Void could help her forget all about them.

--

AN: Little bit late. Sorry - struggled with the next chapter a bit. Did some rewrites. Those of you with a bunch of wrinkles in your brain and an excellent memory might recall Greg's original stay at Cauldron being shorter, I went back and edited every mention I can find - just because I prefer things this way. It felt cooler to write. That's the only reason.

Also, stop converting text emojis into actual emojis! Wtf, this is almost as annoying as accidentally tagging users when making up PHO usernames with the "real" format.
Last edited: May 20, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, kurotsuki007 and 741 others
Tamzar
May 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Three
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,159
I fall through the air. This hole was deep. Ridiculously deep. Not in a simple 'I can't see the bottom sense', but in the 'I jumped three minutes ago and everything still looks the same' kind of way. If it wasn't for the fact that the light above me was getting ever dimmer, and the area below me was turning ever darker and more ominously all-encompassing - I would have been convinced that I was actually falling in a loop of some kind. A quiet teleport directly upwards while I was still falling. That wasn't the case, sadly. If it was, I would have a solution for crossing across to Shadow Stalker's side without her being able to match my rotation to keep away from me.

Dark. Darker. Pitch-black. Spinning around mid-air reveals only the slightest pinprick of light above me. Closer to a distant star than a viable source of light at this point.

FAILURE​

Ouch.

Must have hit the bottom. Or, maybe I'd just lost track of how close to the edge I had moved and grazed against the sides before I could correct my glide. At the speed I was falling, either was obviously fatal.

Better check that one off the list then. Not that I had any expectations of finding a simple, easy solution to the challenge down there - but I had been holding out hope that there would be... I don't know. Something. A real gamechanger, because as the game stood - I couldn't win. And as long as I couldn't win, these meetups with Sophia were pointless.

Well. I fall back into my motions as if nothing had happened. Not quite pointless. Even with my challenges greasing the wheels of our interactions, Sophia still needed a firm, guiding hand to help her understand her new place in the world. A hand like mine, for instance. I swat her ass idly, enjoying the satisfying jiggle in response and the immediate stiffening of the rest of her body. For a moment, I pause as she glares over her shoulder at me - my shaft halted between one thrust and the next. I raise an eyebrow. A dare for her to challenge me again.

Sophia looks away first. "Tch." Understandable. Doubling down on a loss was what had led up to this point in the first place. A bit too much confident bluster after her defeat before school this morning, only to result in yet another humiliating defeat after the end of school.

I couldn't lie. I was enjoying the situation. For every round that I had gone up against the challenge-version of Sophia and lost unceremoniously, this was my chance to get her back. It didn't matter if she didn't remember it. Sophia was Sophia. For the first few rounds, I would admit - I'd been a little worried at the possibility that she would still win her fair share of rounds. I'd only just started to edge her out in-challenge - but in the end, there wasn't a need to worry. Why? Mostly because Sophia wasn't open to the possibility of killing or maiming me anymore. That limited her options, but didn't really limit mine. Then there was the fact that my powers weren't even banned anymore, although I certainly got a nice kick out of her outraged look of humiliation every time I scraped out a win without touching them.

And then there was the final reason, although she would never, ever admit it - I was somewhat suspicious that perhaps Sophia wasn't really trying as hard to win as she could. She would violently oppose any attempt for me to label her as eager to lose and take her appropriate 'punishment', but I knew what she was capable of even when murder wasn't on the table. I knew that I should be losing these direct clashes at times, relying on tricks and my powers to eliminate any chance of losing. The fact that, more often than not, I was winning purely on my own merits... well. The most logical assumption was that she wanted to end up like this, utterly naked and being fucked against the wall of the abandoned building we use as our sparring location.

That was completely logical, of course. That was the kind of mental nudge that my challenges directed everyone towards, and even if it took me a massive number of attempts to get to this point - Sophia was only two challenges away from being just as maxed-out as Emma or Clara. But she didn't know that I knew that. As far as she was concerned, after a new experience, she was discovering a side of herself that she never even dreamed existed. She's losing, and slowly coming to realise that she doesn't hate it. She's slowly acclimating to a world view that didn't have herself as the top dog, but instead, me.

And that was fucking hot. The most self-assured, self-centred, unapproachable person I know - transforming into my personal bitch, right before my eyes. A slow transformation, sure. But not necessarily worse for that. Watching her willpower crumble and her values wash away in the face of her growing appetite for my dick was a treat well worth savouring.

"You know, I'm curious." I start conversationally, resuming my thrusts into her core. "Just how did this go when you were planning it out in your head? You just, throw yourself at me in the same way you did the last few times - and this time, I might not have seen it coming? I was expecting you to at least try to switch things up, pull out a dirty trick or two - some sneaky plan that would have me playing right into your hands... but, no." I pause. She was trying to ignore me. But that wouldn't work. Not when she was so easy to rile up. "Or, maybe this was your plan?"

"Don't be ridiculous." Her head snaps around. "You're so full of yourself."

"Actually, I think you're the one that's full of myself right now-" I relish the flat look of derision that is sent back at me in response, then arch an eyebrow as Glory Girl's shield flickers and dies as she attempts to stamp on my foot despite her awkward positioning. Tough crowd. I thought it was funny. But I can't just go letting her think that she can get away with that, no matter how petty or minor it was. My palm slams into her left asscheek again. Her back arches, her face re-forms its shocked expression of outrage, the barest hint of something is strangled in her throat... and, most notably, her inner walls clamp down around me like a vice as I hilt myself inside her again. "What's with the violence, Sophia? Didn't we have a deal? Double-or-nothing? Yet here you are, the sore loser, in more ways than one-" She's glaring at the wall now. She really hates wordplay. "-reneging on the outcome. Didn't you say that you were going to be a docile little sexkitten for me?"

"I absolutely did not." She hisses. "You just pulled that out of your a- out of the air." I stifle a grin as she catches herself. It didn't matter that she had noticed my next joke and swerved in time. She still thought of it, and that was just as satisfying in the end. It was getting to her.

"I may have taken some liberties with the wording, but I think the point got across." I admit. "The point stands. What do I consider this as? A moment of insubordination from someone in need of a bit of correction?" I lean in as she tries to ignore me. "Or, is this the start of a third challenge for the day? Triple-or-nothing?"

"No!" She's quick to reply this time.

"Tired of losing, I suppose." I probe.

"I've just got better things to do." Sophia denies.

"I'm sure. But if you're not starting another fight, does that mean you're going to settle down and behave? Nice and obediently?" I goad. Oh, she may well have been just about to do that - but she was too proud and too stubborn to do it after I'd said it like that. Even if she knew it was bait, she couldn't resist the urge to snap back at the implication that I had her tamed.

"The hell I will!" She hisses, dissolving into shadow in an instant. I would probably have been knocked off balance if I hadn't been expecting it the moment the last taunt left my lips. I hop backwards to barely dodge before a furious kick cripples my manhood, my ash clone already forming into existence and moving to retaliate. I brush my hand against it as it launches into a sideways kick into the mass of shadow in front of us, setting it as my administrator and gifting it Vista's powerset at the same time.

Not that I particularly needed to. Of the two of us, she was the one that had the most to lose when it came to picking a fight while naked. Her armoured plates helped a lot in direct clashes, and she simply wasn't fast enough to evade forever. On top of that... "Realising that you can't exactly go running outside?" I call out drily as the shadowy mass sprints away from me, back towards the centre of the room.

"Where are my clothes you fucking asshole?" She reappears. Looking deliciously furious. And hot. Maybe I'd be annoyed at being interrupted mid-fuck with someone else, but with Sophia - there was a certain appeal to the chase. To seeing her fight back, and fail. To watch her try and be confident and intimidating, while she had never really been more vulnerable.

"I had my ash clone scatter them everywhere while we were fucking." I tell her blandly, tilting my head off to the side. She follows my gaze to see a thin slip of black fabric dangling off the edge of a forgotten chair. "I suppose you didn't notice. You did seem rather distracted, going by your moans."

"As if your needle dick does anything for me." She scoffs.

"I'm sure." I grin wildly. "But whatever the case, I figured it would be sensible to make it at least a little bit difficult for you to just run away. However much you might claim to resent getting fucked every time you lose, I imagine you would find the possibility of being caught streaking to be far worse."

"All that means is that I've got to beat you up first. Big deal." It's not that there's any particular note of uncertainty in her voice at that, but rather, a lack of the opposite. How many fights in a row had I won already? And she didn't even have the benefit of a lengthy history of wins like the challenge version of Sophia had. The tables had completely flipped. Before, I was the plucky challenger - well aware that I was going to lose but going for it anyway - and now, I was the challenged. Sure in victory, so long as I didn't make an obvious blunder.

Which was all to say, I knew bluster when I saw it. "Come on then." I beckon mockingly.

She edges forward slowly, expression only filling with more indignation as I make a great show of admiring what her steady movements do to her body. It really was a fantastic idea to have her stripped off before baiting her like this. Not only did it eliminate any possibility of losing her nerve and running, not only did it improve my chances in a direct melee fight - but I even got a free show with it! And, naturally, Sophia was all-too-focused on punishing me for the apparent lapse in attention.

But I wasn't the one she should have been worrying about.

The new version of my administrator power extended to my ash clone now. If I ended up with powers to control other things, the same would probably apply there too. But that wasn't important. The important thing was that it was a straight upgrade from any of the bugs I used to work with. It was faster at using powers, more flexible, more independent, in some rare cases it was even just outright better at using them than me - as was the case with Bug Control. Of course, the ash clone still couldn't take a real hit, but it reformed quickly enough - and as it did so, merely grazing my hand against the ash swelling together into its body was enough to gift a powerset once again.

And that meant that I didn't need to micromanage the clone as much. Didn't need to tap back into the power mid-fight to redirect it, or to dismiss it and resummon it before it stayed out for too long and therefore extended the downtime to dangerous levels. I could rely on it to follow a simple plan or strategy.

So while I'm admiring the trail of sweat inching down the curve of Sophia's chest - her gaze is on me. If she'd been looking at the clone, she might have seen the distortion in space as the air between them shrinks. But she doesn't. And before she even recognises the reason that she's bent in half as an ashen boot plants itself in her stomach - I'm there as well. Admiring the scenery is all well and good after all, but I can't let that get in the way of the hunt.

Sophia disperses the clone with a quick sideways punch into the outstretched leg, she still hasn't worked out the full weakness of that yet. But I'm already there, forcing her back into her shadow state as I use her own trick against her, a ghostly limb materialising out of nowhere mid-strike - and she's got much less experience reacting to that than me. She retreats rather than attempt a block. Unwittingly buying time for my ash clone to return. I pursue. Again. Again. She sweeps my legs, I drop the final charge of my shadow state into turning them to smoke - not even breaking my stride to do so.

God that was so fucking cool. I'd been waiting for a chance to do that ever since I got the upgraded power. Feels like I'm the terminator or something.

A complete waste of a charge from a combat perspective, but this wasn't like my challenges. The win wasn't all that mattered. It was how I won. A narrow victory, or something won by a trick - that gave her hope that things would turn around. It would inspire her to struggle harder. But if every attempt was strangled in its infancy, if every trick was foiled, every blow countered and overwhelmed - that would feed into the image I was trying to cultivate in her mind. Someone that she could never dream of beating. An unbeatable force. A force of nature, before which she could only choose to submit or be made to submit.

I don't run after her. I don't need to. My ash clone is about to recover. All three charges of my shadow state are recharging. And Sophia is just running. She's not stupid. She's self-aware enough to realise what she's doing. So she'll come running at me soon. She's predictable like that, and her only alternative was to utilise her weapons - which I'd taken the liberty of having my ash clone hide under the floorboards. Just in case.

That wasn't a coincidence. I'd planned this out. Allowing us to simply settle into a rhythm of fight, then fuck - would have been viable. But it was important to set the right tone. After our interaction at the mall, she'd proven that she would bounce back to her usual self within minutes no matter what face she was making just a few moments prior. I needed to carve these defeats deeper into her psyche. It wasn't enough for her to simply remember the time she lost as an embarrassing moment - something that she could claim to have learned and grown from. I needed her to acknowledge it on a deeper level. And that meant going a bit further than would have been reasonable with our 'agreement'. And fortunately, with her as easy to set-off as ever - she'd provided me with the perfect excuse with ease.

My clone reforms next to me. I wave my hand through one of the streams of ash racing towards its torso as it fills out. Hello again, Vista-lite. At this point, Sophia's likely realised that she should have been attacking.

Too late for that. We both charge forward, her attempts at retreating foiled as Vista's power halves the gap between us between one blink and the next. I make an effort to block her attack on the clone this time. I need it alive, because it's the only thing I have that really fucks with her shadow state. Probably the ash - I guess it worked just like the pepper spray that Taylor's challenge had a while back.

I'd like to say that the ensuing fight was a struggle. That Sophia lived up to the challenge I'd squared off against time and time again in my mind. But the rules weren't the same. She wasn't that Sophia, and I wasn't that Greg anymore. I know every trick that she has and more that she's never even dared to use against a living person. It's a 2v1 fight. She doesn't have her armour, or her weapons. If this was nothing but a game, I would almost be sad about losing the thrill of danger. But, in real life... it was nice to win. Addicting, even.

She evades as much as she can, but even successfully dispersing my ash clone again isn't enough to take back the initiative. By the time the ash clone reappears, she still hasn't managed to get distance away from me - and from there, it takes all of seven seconds to knock her to the ground, and another three to convert that into a pin - with my ash clone looming nearby to make her regret any attempt at phasing out. "All of that fuss for nothing. And we're right back where we started." I hiss into her ear. She just pants back at me. She'd tired out quickly, which was understandable. This was the third time today that we'd gone through this song and dance, and I imagine it was much harder to try running from effectively two attackers with better Mover ratings than it was to be on my side of the fence.

But I wouldn't give her that excuse. And she wouldn't offer it up as one either.

"Tch." It's the closest she's likely to get to giving me an admission of defeat. She's more of an 'actions speak louder than words' kind of girl. And right now, she's stopped any attempt to struggle or break free from my grip - even after my ash clone steps back and away, then fades entirely so that I can start discretely recharging it.

I shift into a more comfortable sitting position, letting her upper body drape over my legs face-down as I lightly adjust her position with my hands. She moves into the desired position easily. Willingly. Barely needing more than a simple prod in the right direction to manipulate herself this way or that.

Obedient.

I don't say it this time, there's no need to bait her again. But... still. For all the fire, all the fury, just like she had at the mall - she folded once she was beaten. A dark flush racing down her cheeks and chest as my hand greedily traces along her body. Acceptance of my claim. Not that it was a surprise, I'd been lodged inside her not even a full five minutes ago - but the feeling of submission, coming from Sophia, of all people, didn't get old.

For a moment, I contemplate how much of this was my power and how much of this was just Sophia in general. If I'd been... not me, not someone that she already knew and had a negative opinion about - and not someone that had been rolling with disadvantage on every charisma check possible for the last year - could I have gotten to this point without my power greasing the wheels for me? If I'd been a complete stranger to her, beaten her in all the same ways - what would her reaction have been, without any prejudice against me or any interference from my power?

I would never know, I suppose. And even though a small part of me was annoyed at the fact that I would never really know what I might have been capable of in another world, it wasn't really anything worth worrying about. Any slight melancholy about potentially missing out on a completely natural, if fiery and unstable relationship was more than made up for the fact that I was forming a harem here and loving it. And however much I could wonder about whether Sophia would still have a secret defeat fetish or not - I was quite certain that she would genuinely have killed me or dumped me by now for my lack of fidelity and integrity if my power hadn't done anything to adjust her preferences on that front.

More important things to worry about right now anyway. Like the way her nude body was pressing down very nicely against my erection. Or the way her ass was now angled in just the perfect way for a smack or three to be delivered. I give my hand a test swing.

Solid connection. Good noise. Nice jiggle. Incredible switch from shock to fury on her face. Gods, that really is an addicting look. The sight of her switching to her default expression of preparing to inflict violence, only for that reaction to come to nothing as she remembers that there's no way to fight out of this one. And without the possibility of violence, all she has left are a sharp tongue and a stubborn streak dedicated to asserting that she wasn't my woman yet.

"Fucking bastard." Sophia hisses, arching into me in all kinds of interesting ways.

I grin at her. "Do I really deserve that? I think it's perfectly reasonable. You tried to renege on our agreement just to try and get a cheap shot in. What do you even want from me in response to that? I just assumed you were doubling down again. Or did you want to get out of our arrangement? That's fine, I'm not going to force myself on you. You seemed quite adamant this morning though-"

"Don't even bring that up." She hisses. "You won the fight, so sure, you get to fuck me. Lucky you." She corrects. "That doesn't mean I'm just going to let you walk all over me. If you're going to keep talking shit, you'd better get used to it."

I hide a smile at the reaction. I hadn't even been intending to rile her up when I beat her this morning. I'd simply interrupted her put-upon complaints about the task ahead of her to inform her that I could let her off the hook, so long as she admitted my superiority in strength and showed all the appropriate respect and correct manners when asking for my gracious mercy.

That sounds a little more condescending now that I'm looking at it with hindsight. But I was being genuine at the time! 'Thank you' and 'Please' would be enough, coupled with an admission that I was just better. That hadn't seemed like much, but it was all I really needed. It wasn't all about the sex, I was confident that she'd be addicted to me in time anyway - getting her to internalise her position on the totem pole was the long-term aim here. But she'd firmly rejected my offer. Told me with a heated and righteous fury that she would never take an ounce of pity from me... and then settled between my legs to give me her most enthusiastic blowjob yet to prove that she could handle any penalty I could throw at her with ease.

She was still terrible, but the enthusiasm was there. And at the end, when she was wiping her mouth as the satisfied look slipped away - she'd seemed to realise that perhaps that she might not have given off the right impression about how unwilling and reluctant she really was. She'd barely been able to meet my eyes afterwards, and had practically raced out of our hidey-hole towards class in record time. It wasn't until lunch that she shoulder-checked me in the corridor to announce another challenge after school. It seemed she was intent on pretending that nothing unusual had happened back then, and all she had to do was win once and put everything back in order.

Except she'd lost. And now, again.

I grin at her. "Then you'd better get used to ending up like this afterwards." I tell her. She tenses as a trace a finger along the small of her back. "And I can't help but notice that you seem to be letting me do as I want now. What's up with that?" Another ringing slap emphasises my point. "I know you denied it before, but... tired of losing?" That's exactly it. But she can't admit that. She couldn't admit that. That would mean acknowledging that she never had a chance to win, and she'd rather lose ten times in a row than admit that I was just... stronger.

Which meant that her deflections, delusions and excuses all only got weaker and weaker with every loss. "We had a deal. I'm just getting it over with quicker." She growls out. "Don't start reading anything into it that isn't there. I'm not interested in you. Or this. Or indulging in this sick fetish of yours. You think I can't feel your erection like this? You're gross."

"I'm guilty." I drawl. "Of finding a fit, attractive young superheroine submitting to me like this appealing. I confess. It's true. The most deranged of fetishes, liking women. If this ever ends up on PHO, my career is over." I lower my hand. "You, on the other hand, seem even wetter than you were when I was fucking you just a few minutes ago. That would probably be more of a surprise to the people supporting you, considering your reputation."

"You're imagining it." She dismisses.

"You think?" I pull two slick fingers away, holding them into the air for inspection.

For a moment, I wonder if she'll attempt to claim ignorance or claim that she was already that aroused before I ever caught her. The momentary hesitation shows that I'm not the only one considering the possibility, but in the end - she seems to give up, adopting an annoyed expression. "Just hurry up and fuck me already. Neither of us came here to talk."

"I was trying to do that earlier. You started another fight." I remind her as she pivots around. Gently, I push her face down to the ground. Her ass sticking upwards without even prompting.

"I'm not apologising." She harrumphs as I shift around her.

"And I'm not complaining. You can start another one, if you like. We both know how that will end." We're both still naked, and she's still very, very wet from our earlier fun and the rough treatment she's just been getting. There's no barriers to getting right back to where we left off. I trace my fingers against her slit, and her thighs imperceptibly spread as she shivers under the feather-light touch. "The same as the last... what, how many fights in a row is it now? Five, six?"

Sophia's fists clench as I line up against her entrance again. That got to her. The loss streak. I knew the feeling. The simple knowledge that you tried your best, and didn't get any closer in the process. The feeling of hitting a wall, not having the right tools to get the angle needed for the win. Except, I had a power that would get me more tools. And Sophia? She didn't. That was a level of frustration that I couldn't relate to. But, it wasn't unique to her. How many Brutes had compared themselves to Alexandria? Blasters to Legend? Literally anyone to Eidolon? This was just... life. And she knew that. That there was a ladder, an order to these things. She just wasn't ready for me, specifically, to be above her yet. Once she got over that idea, she'd be no more bothered by these losses than she would if Scion came by to show her up in a contest of strength.

So helping to dig that fact into her psyche, it was an act of kindness from me - really!

I push inside. Sophia's body rocks as I press her into the floor. No moans this time. Probably because I mentioned it before, and now she was trying intently to pretend that she could barely feel a thing while clamping down around me with everything she has.

Forward. Back. Forward. Back. Shift my handholds to cup her ass for a moment in appreciation while I work into a rhythm. Perfect. "So if you do end up losing again... Four fights, five fights - I know I've got a bit of a sex-drive thing going on ever since I got my powers, but I'm still just a guy. I can't just keep going endlessly, it just doesn't work like that." I smile. "And since you were so adamant about me not letting you off the hook, we'll have to play catch-up outside of these little sessions of ours. Do you have any preferences? You could ask Emma for her favourite suggestions. I'm pretty sure we've tried every toilet cubicle, changing room, supply closet and abandoned classroom in the entire school at this point. I'm sure we could find a nice spot to even things out between one class and the next."

"I'm not letting any of this cross over into my school life. It's bad enough that Emma is humouring you. Don't even start to think that I'll even so much as look in your direction back in class." She denies fervently. I would look forward to seeing how long that mentality lasted. Not long, if I had to bet.

"That works for me too." I concede. "It's not like that's the only time we ever see each other. I'm sure we could find a nice quiet corner on patrol somewhere. When Arachne hasn't arrived yet, or isn't quite paying attention. Personally, I think getting fucked as Shadow Stalker in a back alley is a little riskier than Sophia Hess getting some action at school - but if you're into that, I certainly won't complain."

"That's-" Her complaint cuts short as the words catch in her throat, one particularly deep stroke causing a slight quiver in her voice as she slams back in time to meet my thrusts. "Th-that's not happening either." She tries again.

"Why not?" I probe, upping the pace again.

"I'm not an exhibitionist." She dismisses the idea.

"No? If that's the only problem, we could get a room. I've got plans to fuck Arachne later. You could slot right in, no problems at all." I continue to fuck her from behind. "Hell. I don't think it would take too much to get the two of you just like you were with Emma. That way, you wouldn't have anything to be embarrassed about at all."

"Hell no." That was her most enthusiastic refusal yet.

"Why not?" I press. "Too ashamed of what she might think, if she saw what one of her role models was really like behind closed doors?" Not sure role model was quite the right word here, but it would do. "Again, I think it would be no different than it was with Emma. I'd be fucking her just the same way. You could bond around your shared hobbies."

"We don't share-" She cuts herself off, arms shifting to brace against the floor as I press deeper again. "She'd just misunderstand. That's all. We're not the same. Just because we both happen to be doing the same thing-" She pauses. "-in that hypothetical scenario-" She stresses. "-doesn't mean that we're equals or are going to get along. We're still on different levels."

"Right. I would be fucking her because she knows what she likes, and enjoys every second of it. While I would be fucking you because you're weak." I say it so nonchalantly that she takes a few seconds to even process the words.

I keep fucking the momentarily frozen girl as she tries to refute that. "It's different." She finally insists. "She's not even bothering to fight. It's not like she would do any better than me, she's just allowing herself to be a doormat."

"If she's a doormat, why do you care about what she thinks?" The edges of my mouth quirk upwards, as I palm her ass again. "And I hardly think you can talk when it comes to just sitting back and letting me do whatever I want to you."

Her muscles flex and strain, inner walls clamping down as what little I can see of her face contorts into a silent expression, half-hidden by the rest of her body. The slight contractions, the uncharacteristic silence as she stifles any potential noises as best as she can, the slight slowing of her body slamming back to meet my pounding - if I hadn't been waiting for it, I might never have realised that she was having an orgasm at all.

Still trying to hide it. Still trying to pretend that I wasn't doing anything for her. There wasn't even a practical reason for it, just stubbornness and misplaced pride.

She breaks the pause a little while later, riding out the shudders of bliss as I continue my assault without pause. "This is just an agreement we made. It's not real." The justification is as weak as her voice.

"We can tell her that if you want. But I'm pretty sure you'll lose more respect in her eyes compared to just being horny." I smirk down at her. "But I think she might actually enjoy you humiliating yourself like that, so don't let me stop you."

"It's not happening anyway. Stop fantasising about it." She tells me shortly.

"Is that what you think?" I press. "Do you think I was making a suggestion? Testing how you might feel about the idea? No. I was just letting you know where my thoughts were going. Like, I'm going to cum any second now. And I'm trying to decide if I should just spray my load all across your book and leave you trying to clean up the mess, or if I should just paint you white on the inside like you've been wanting all afternoon." I lean forward. "But I wasn't asking for your input. It's up to me, Sophia. Where. When. How. The loser doesn't get to choose what happens to them. That's what you wanted, right?"

Her legs shake. Almost as if she might collapse without me holding her up. "O-only if you win. And that's-"

"-going to keep on happening." I hiss. Any teasing note falling out of my voice. "I'll be keeping count. And we'll keep doing this. Over and over. And you'll keep losing. And, sure, for now - I'll be satisfied with a scene like this. But at some point, we'll need a change of scenery. In school. Out of school. In costume. Out of costume. Next to Emma. Next to Arachne. Eventually, we'll do it all. Just remember-" I thrust forward for the final time. At last, unleashing my seed into her desperate, greedy quim. "-I'm the one that decides."

I don't get a response to that. Once I'm done depositing my load inside her, I pull out. And Sophia slumps to the floor as if in a daze.

"I'll see you tonight." I tell her. A newly-made ash clone steps up to me - still half-formed, but still fully capable of retrieving my discarded shirt. I take my time. I wasn't in a rush. I wasn't due to meet Taylor for hours, and I didn't need to be seen at home or anything. I'd probably just go and do a mini-patrol myself. Maybe see if the Dallons were around, or if Panacea had been sighted at the hospital... I didn't have an excuse to visit Parian, but maybe I could get a glance at her without my cape-guise being involved? She didn't exactly hide herself away.

"Hey. Wait." Sophia has pushed herself up into a seated position.

"Not coming? I'll see you tomorrow if you can't make the patrol." I hadn't told her the exact specifics yet. Nor did I intend to. My exact interest in what my lead on the Merchants, if it actually materialised, might amount to entirely depended on if I could find and challenge the Capes there. If it was just a bunch of junkies... I'd call it a night early. Move a few streets away and tell Taylor to break up the party from the bed of a hotel room. "Or, did you have a problem with something I just said?" I leave the challenge hanging at the end as my ash clone hands me my phone.

She slides one knee forward, then the other. "You can't say all of that and just think I'll let you walk away." Another fight? Or- no. That's not the look of someone looking for a fight. That flush on her face says that there's only one thing on her mind right now. "Double-or-nothing, that's what you said right? That you were counting? I'm not letting you out of here with that extra point." She pauses, remembering herself as she takes my cock in both her hands. "Just-just because it would be annoying if you got any ideas about how to cash it in."

Right. Two fights. Two prizes. I suppose the first occasion got interrupted, so she wasn't counting it. Honestly, I'd half-forgotten about it already. Good thing she reminded me.

Still. If she was offering... "Sure. Go ahead." I don't make an attempt to hide the phone in my hand as I start browsing before her tongue even makes contact with me. If I'd tried this earlier, she'd probably have tried teeth - but the cock-drunk look on her face and the dark flush on her cheeks told me that she was more than happy to ignore the unspoken disrespect if I didn't verbalise it.

And again, just another thing for her to get used to. Another few inches moved on the goalposts. If this was already normal enough for her to come to me in the heat of the moment, I'd have her sucking me off under a school desk before the week was out. A lot of that was just down to Sophia's personality. She wasn't the type to take it slow. Or get hung up on any ideas about propriety. Her only hangups were about power, personal respect and ego, and once those were sidestepped - she was already every bit the slut that her two friends were.

Now then... weren't there a fair few people on PHO complaining about me getting too close to Shadow Stalker? It was petty, but taking a moment to relax by baiting a flamewar with a few angry fanboys while their idol was sucking me off with my cum leaking out of her slit? That was just the level of poetry that my haters deserved, even if they didn't realise it. The fact that she was still pretty terrible at it, and that almost any of my other partners would be doing a better job in her place was the icing on the cake. A position that they would murder to be in... and it was below average for me. If anything, that last bit - the added spite - makes the experience all the better.

I'm drawn out of my musings by a new notification coming in. A tight smile breaks its way onto my face. Looks like my plans for tonight were going to work out after all.


PHO Mobile:

Logging out.

Logging in as: PartyGod123

You have received a private message from an unverified account. (block) (report as spam)

AnonUser232322: You still looking to get into the party?

AnonUser232322: Got an opportunity - for today only - to get you in. 2k in cash and I can get you inside no questions asked. No guarantees that you don't get kicked out after that, but that's up to you.

PartyGod123: A bit pricy.

AnonUser232322: Go shop around. It's a good deal. Only way you'll get in cheaper is if you changed your mind about joining up properly. Even a half-assed tattoo would be enough - I could slash the price if you do? Plenty of ways I can get an extra ticket for a current member if I put you into the system - but random guests aren't a thing, you're lucky a chance like this even came up at all.

PartyGod123: Can't do that. I want to sate my curiousity, have an experience - not seriously get involved with a gang or have my name attached to any of their records.

AnonUser232322: Well, hard to blame you for that given the impression the average merchant gives about security. The price stays firm then. 2k, I get you inside once with no questions asked. If you leave, they probably won't let you back in. Fair warning.

PartyGod123: Fine. How do we do this?

AnonUser232322 has shared a calendar appointment!

AnonUser232322: Be on time. Show up with the full amount, or don't bother coming at all.



Out of all of the teams and gangs that I had potential angles of attack to work with, it might seem to some like a surprise that I'd gone with the Merchants. I had an open invitation from Victor to 'talk' that I would be all too happy to accept once I was absolutely positive that I wouldn't get either ambushed and sent off in a box to a Nazi brainwashing camp in Germany or lured into some kind of constructed scenario designed to generate blackmail and out-of-context clips for the Empire to use against me. The odds of that were low... but the Empire, or rather, their parent organisation, had a reputation for what they got away with in Europe. And it wasn't like I could tell Taylor that I was going to have a friendly discussion with the Empire without awkward questions coming up - so it was certainly a solo affair.

And the PRT had an open offer of power testing that would doubtless give me a hit or three. A meeting with the Wards might be possible if I phrased it right. Spying on New Wave was an option, and I'd even considered the possibility of just... walking up to them and asking for 'advice' as a hero. The only thing that had stopped me was that it would be really obvious what I had done once my powers were eventually revealed, but it was an option. Even Lung - I'm sure if I just walked into his territory and attacked a few guys, I'd have him on my tail in no time. If I thought that I had anything that could beat him - I'd have done that already.

But the Merchants? They were weak. Both as a gang, and as individual Capes. If I completely fucked up and somehow made the gang enemies for life? No great loss. The ABB hating me with a passion was a concern, but the Merchants were a joke to the big players of the Bay. They lacked the reach and finances - and if it wasn't for their apparent new recruit, they might have stayed off of my radar for even longer. But three Capes right for the taking was a little too much to ignore. And ever since that one junkie we found on our patrol had spilled the beans about the parties Skidmark threw... I'd been following the trail on how to get inside it myself. Going from one junkie to the next, eventually led me here.

To this person.

I wave across the counter at the bartender. "Yo."

She peers at me. "Glasses? A scarf? James, if that's supposed to be a disguise, it's a pretty pathetic attempt at one. You don't look even a little different. If you pull out a fake nose and moustache, I'm gonna deck you for your own sake."

"It's just cold, Sandra. And the glasses look good." I lie. Unbeknownst to her, this really was a disguise. But a double-layered one. I was playing a part here. A nervous college kid with more money than sense, trying not to get recognised. 'James' was covering up with a baseball cap, glasses and a scarf, but as long as I looked like a failed attempt to hide my identity as 'James' - people would be less inclined to look for the other aspects of my guise that hid the connection between 'Greg' and 'James'. Slicked-back hair, a whole new wardrobe, different posture, a series of bloodied, miniature cuts masquerading as a bad case of acne across his face - that would heal in just a dozen or so uses of my shadow state and a thorough face wash. Coupled with the general inclination to not square up to any cameras and keep my head down on CCTV, I was actually pretty confident in my disguise holding. It wasn't like Greg was world-famous or anything. Nobody had any reason to look closer.

Not that I was worried about the [Merchant Supplier] across from me. Already with three challenges completed out of four from my previous sleuthing. Probably good enough that I could have her over this counter if I wanted... but I wasn't that desperate. And it was probably better to leave her memory of me as 'mysterious cute guy' than anything deeper, because 'James' wasn't going to be a recurring character and I'd rather not have a string of needy ex-lovers trying to track him down.

Strictly business. Which meant actually paying money. But what was the point snatching cash out of wallets when raiding the various drug dealers of Brockton if I couldn't spend it? The last thing I wanted to do was actually start cashing in with my vigilante funds as Greg Veder. Knowing my luck, I'd get the IRS waiting at my door and asking how I got that much cash. Far better to keep it in the system. Get money as Void Cowboy? Spend it as Void Cowboy. Aside from paying Parian for her work, it just stacked up anyway. Maybe when I had some kind of idea on how to get value out of my Tinker power I could spend it on that, but other than that... I really had more money than I could reasonably spend. At least, until I worked out the best way to use my pseudo-Tinker powers from Leet.

That sense of financial safety wasn't strange. Or even due to any particular frugality on my part. For every three penniless hobos that got an assbeating on a patrol, there was a drug dealer or mugger with a fat stack of cash in their back pocket. And it was hardly like they could complain about my liberation of their ill-gotten goods. What were they going to do? Complain to the cops that they actually traded way more drugs or stole way more money than they had been able to prove before? It was legal anyway. I think. At least, I read something like that on a PHO thread about vigilantes a few years ago from a guy who sounded like he knew what he was talking about - so I'm taking that as my gospel truth until proven wrong.

"Whatever. You got the cash?" Sandra taps the counter. I obediently toss a stuffed wallet onto it. No need to hide from any observers, the bar wasn't open yet - but that wasn't to say that it wasn't busy. A steady stream of people flow into the cellar and come out heaving crates and barrels of all descriptions. "Great." She counts rapidly. "You're in luck. Join the guys over there. Pick up anything from below with a red label, carry it up to the trucks. Simple job."

I tilt my head. "I wasn't looking for a summer job."

She tilts her head back. "And it isn't summer. You were the one begging for a way in to a proper party last time you were here. I'm supplying the festivities this time around, but I'm short on hands to do the grunt work. You just bought your way on to that privileged position." She raises a finger before I can speak. "And before you start complaining about your delicate fingernails or whatever, just think about it. We show up, we drop the goods off to kick the party off - we drive away. If anyone gets left behind, past the checkpoint where the guards start checking names and ID? Fuck 'em. Not my problem."

"And that works?" I express doubt at the simplicity of the plan.

"People try to sneak in all the time - hell, most of these guys will probably be right there next to you. If you do get caught, the guards won't shoot you or anything. They will kick your ass and probably rifle your pockets in the process, but you'd have to piss them off pretty badly for them to even look at you twice in a party this size. Being a guard has its perks, you see. You carry around a big-ass gun with all these free drug samples, booze and strippers around - it's pretty easy to get distracted from the job."

"I'm not the only one then? Do the others have to pay too?" I glance at the workers behind her.

"Of course not. We pay a living wage here. We're a respectable establishment, don't you know?" She grins toothily. "And if they want to do the same as you? Well, they were smart enough to keep it to themselves and I needed the hands. That's what a street education does for you. Bet they don't teach that at your fancy, swanky school."

"Fair." I voice sourly.

She swings around the counter, swatting at my ass on her way past me. "Chin up. Solid work like this builds muscle. You'll have chicks drooling over you in no time. And you still get everything you wanted out of this, right? Best get to work, or I might just have to leave you off of the unloading team."

I send a wooden look at the musclebound, roided-up workers heaving one thing after another into the truck. Two more trucks quietly filing in behind it. I was fairly strong these days. Not a body-builder, but a quiet, wiry level of fitness that wasn't obvious until the clothes came off.

But I wasn't really that kind of strong. I didn't have any plans to get as high as these guys were probably planning immediately after getting inside. Hell, I could be fighting for my life at the end of the day - and I would be damned if I was going to be doing that with sore muscles.

"Hey." I call after her before she can leave.

"Not interested? I'm keeping the cash anyway. No refunds." She warns me.

Something about her expression - that patient, teasing look. The knowing gaze. The self-satisfied quirk of her lips. Too smug.

She got me. I sigh. Maybe if I finished her challenge, but - no. Better to just accept being outmanoeuvred in an area that doesn't really matter to me. I hold up a second wallet, equally as stuffed as the first. "Do these guys have a supervisor?"

"What a coincidence." A shark-like grin meets my wry smile of resignation. Knew it. If I was more attached to the money, I'd be annoyed about being baited so easily. But this wasn't really my money. I would get over it. "The role just opened up."

I send her a flat look. "Lucky."



The interesting thing about entering the Merchant's party like this was seeing the whole thing form around me. When we first arrive, there's not much to indicate that anything is amiss. A few obvious figures acting as security, maybe a little more footfall in the area than you would expect and a few trucks with some half-unpacked fence panels and barbed wire. By the time we've unloaded the first truck into the designated warehouse - every entrance to this industrial estate has already been cordoned off, while multiple teams set to work unloading their own trucks. Tables. Benches. DJ equipment. An entire lighting suite. A sound system that has my teeth chattering before they adjust it properly. A dozen different teams each setting up their own thing, in a display of organisation that I really wouldn't have expected from the joke-gang of the Bay.

By the time we come back around for our second trip, it no longer looks like a construction site. It looks like a fort. A party fort, but still a fort. The streets outside are starting to thrum with pedestrian traffic, food litters the massive set of tables across the centre courtyard, each corner has a set of stripper poles - albeit, no girls to work them yet - and, most importantly...

I fucking missed Squealer arriving. I glare at the genuine monster truck poking out of the right-most warehouse at the edge of the compound. I'd noticed that the one on the left was being set-up as a smaller mirror of what was happening outside - I'd assumed that was a VIP area of sorts, going by the increased presence of guards around it. The fact that Squealer's parking spot was right next to it made that assumption all-too-likely.

Which meant that my job didn't end once the trucks were all done bringing in more drink and drugs. It wasn't enough to be here, I needed to be in there. That's where I would find the three Capes that led the gang. Not out here with the rabble.

The third and final truckload we bring in reveals that the party is in full swing. An atmosphere that wouldn't look out of place in a popular-if-seedy nightclub, a dense crowd of people milling around from one attraction to the next. Too many for them all to be Merchants, surely. Not card-carrying, gun-toting members at least. There had to be customers in the mix, or some kind of invite system that I hadn't stumbled upon over the course of my own investigations. The Merchants were supposed to be small-time.

Or, perhaps that was a misread on my part. A little too much reliance on PHO posters that probably had a bit of a bias. Weak capes, yes. A small amount of territory, yes. But maybe the clue was in the name. Merchants. They had money. Customers. They didn't really have territory, true - but that meant that they weren't limited by it either. There was no reason that they couldn't quietly expand their distribution networks into other gangs' territory. After all, even if the Empire worked with drugs and prostitution - the bulk of their efforts would always be about igniting racial tensions and maintaining their territory by force. If the local drug dealers didn't report to them, would they really mind that much?

That gave them numbers. Influence. But still, not exactly power that they could bring to bear at will. How many of the regular guests here would pick up a weapon and jump if Skidmark said so? Not many, if I had to bet. They were here for the free goodies, because hiding behind the Merchants was better than being on your own - Skidmark didn't have the ironclad authority that Lung or Kaiser had. A figurehead leader of a decentralised gang, but with the addition of another Cape - perhaps that would change if they were left alone.

I step into the nearest set of portable toilets - already completely disgusting despite the party only having started in truth less than an hour ago - as the last of the crates are unpacked and the bulk of the workers start to pile back into the trucks that took us here. I spy one guy ducking behind a set of crates, another sauntering off with confidence past a guard that simply gives him a quiet nod as they pass. A few different strategies to stick around, it would seem. But I'd be happy enough with this one. This storage area was close enough to the main party that I'd blend in with the guests the instant I could sneak into the crowd. It was only the fact that I was currently in a somewhat restricted area that I stood out at all. Just had to wait for the trucks to leave, any guards that were watching us to return to their posts - and then slip out the back.

The thrum of two, three, four trucks pulling out and away in unison - I didn't have to be able to see them to know that they were half-shunting their way out through a crowd that was slow and reluctant to move. How long should I wait? Five minutes? Ten? Longer? This was uncharted territory for me - because if I was caught, fighting back would probably be a terrible idea. Even simply escaping the area might be difficult unless I could find the time to get into my speed-state. My sole advantage was the fact that I was just... me. Not obviously a Cape. The moment I revealed that fact, the gloves would come off. As long as I was a customer or fellow Merchant? I could get away with a lot. It wasn't like the bar for good behaviour was set particularly high with all of those people partying just a few dozen metres away.

An elevated voice and a series of thuds nearby. "Come on, man. Why you gotta be a snitch? Just let me go, it's not like anyone really cares-" Another thud. A choked gasp and a groan of pain. Looks like one of my 'comrades' got caught. Sucks to be him.

More distant talking. Then, footsteps. And a nearby door slamming open - the vibrations reaching my current hiding spot. Checking the toilets. Obviously. It wasn't like it was the most inventive place to hide.

I snag one of the flies with Bug Control, then convert it into an administrator. Not to give it powers, but just to make it better at executing commands. Harass him. My unspoken order to the fly takes effect, and the administrator hangs in the air - furiously awaiting the moment that his victim opens the door.

Another door slam. Another. Two left. Slam. The door next to me. Slam. I shift into my shadow state and dive to the left as the door handle shifts, settling into the previous cubicle - making sure that my shadowy limbs are firmly rooted on the ground to ensure I didn't make any noise as I became solid once more. One footstep could foil my attempt at hiding, and even the slight shift as my weight settled might have attracted attention without my other distraction.

"Fucking-" The man swears as the fly dives at him. "-get away, you cocksucking-" It dives at his eyes repeatedly, ignoring its usual instinct to run when he attempts to swat it. I frown at my new hiding place. The door of this cubicle was wide open, if he walked back... I shift to the side again - making more distance between myself and the flailing Merchant. Barely ajar this time. Perfect.

I allow my administrator to stop on his arm, a meaty slap accompanies its disappearance from my senses a second later. "Got you, you fucking disgusting piece of shit. Hate this fucking shithole." A door slams again. "Fuck this."

I peer at him through a sliver of a crack in the door as he stomps away. Looks like he was just searching a specific area, rather than patrolling. Which hopefully, meant that he would be leaving soon.

Patience. Slowly, another pair of guards slip past my field of view to go through the main entrance. Then another. Then the one that had been searching for me. Then, nobody. I wait some more. Nothing.

I slide the door open, tense and ready to react if anyone raised their voice in alarm. Nothing. Using up two charges of my shadow state consecutively, I lunge towards a nearby pallet of crates close to the wall, away from the central light hanging over the room. Longer shadows and better visibility for me, along with just being closer to the wall in general. I wait patiently for all my shadow state charges to come back, then leapfrog again. Using the same method to mask any noise I might make. I reach the wall, and after waving an experimental hand through and finding no wires of note - I dive through to the other side.

Now just circle around the outside and-

"Hey! You can't be back there. Fuck off."

-have a guard confuse me as a lost party guest wandering too close to the goodie-warehouse and get hurried 'back' to the main event.

Couldn't have drawn it up better in my head. I'm a genius.

A genius that might be taking a needlessly large risk doing all of this sneaking around just for the sake of a stab at the Merchants, but a genius nevertheless. This is what a thorough education in spy movies gets you.

I slink past a pair of guards lounging around with assault rifles to merge with the crowd. They don't even give me a second glance.

Now what? I turn my gaze towards the apparent VIP section. Squealer's truck had been moved deeper inside at some point, but the building next to it was very much alive with activity - and the concentration of security couldn't have made it any more obvious even if I hadn't already been suspicious.

I nudge the guy next to me. "Hey-"

"Fuck off faggot." He turns away, practically inhaling his powder of choice from the table in front of him.

The next three people that I try to talk with are practically insensate. The next pair seems fairly well put-together, relative to the rest of the field at least. "Hey, what's with that place over there?" I jerk my thumb in that direction at a break in their conversation.

"Invite-only. Give up on it." One tells me bluntly.

"Skidmark and his buddies chill there. Too good for the rest of us." The other belches. "Although, I've actually been in there once. It's overrated as hell. The goods are a little better, except if you throw up on the wrong guy they can make your life miserable - out here, we're all equal, with all the freedom in the world."

"Can't be that much better inside, can it?" I make a face. "I'm curious now. Is there really no way to get an invite?"

"Skidmark decides. You gotta earn it somehow. Advancing the cause. Landing a big haul. Fucking up the cops. Shitting on the Empire. Big donations. Finding a new Cape to recruit. If you have to ask, then it's safe to say you haven't impressed him enough for him to even look at you." He leers at me. "Except maybe as his little cockslut. Look at you. Fucking nerd. Not a real merchant. Not in a million years. Bet you can get in there the same way you got in here. I've heard Skidmark likes all types, so your dicksucking skills might have some real value."

I sneer at them and step away, ignoring the laughter as they return to their conversation. Waste of time. I'd have to... what, sneak in by the back somehow? If I could find somewhere discrete to clamber up onto the roof with Vista's power, I could try and find a quiet spot to phase through and get my challenges in that way? If this was a challenge, I'd do it in a heartbeat. Hell, I would already have done it. But this was real life. I didn't have a brute power. I didn't have a second chance. If someone took some pot shots at the suspicious guy on the roof, I was dead. As confident as I am in my skills, I can't finesse my way around a bullet.

...all of that, for nothing?

Fine. I'll message Taylor. Message Shadow Stalker. Meet up a little earlier. If I can't get any of the benefits of a subtle infiltration, then the party can rot. The Capes will come out to meet me, whether they want to or not-

"Hey, don't look so down, kid." I turn as a smiling man glides towards me out of the crowd. "I heard it all. You're looking to get in with the big cheese, right? I like that. I love that! I've been looking for people with big ambitions like you. What if I told you that I had an opportunity that you might be interested in? A friendly bit of competition, a bit of entertainment to keep the crowd excited - you need a way to get huge cred, there's no better way to catch attention than to be a big winner. Who knows, you might get a good word in with some of the top dogs over there - a chance like that could change your life."

I turn, giving him my full attention. "Yeah? I'm listening. What do I need to do?" This sounded like the pitfights. I'd heard of them before, but only as isolated stories. It didn't take a miracle to realise that this guy was hunting for fresh meat. He looked at me and saw fodder that a more experienced fighter would demolish and humiliate with ease. Hype up some guy with a winning streak, cash in on the obvious bets and make the final matchups just that much more exciting.

"Just win a few friendly fistfights. We've got a tournament of sorts coming up real soon. We need a few plucky hotshots to make up the numbers, and it sounds like you need a chance to shine. Seems like a great deal for both of us, right?" He beams with a too-wide, too-eager smile. All sleaze, no substance. Did people really fall for this?

I think about the general quality and sobriety of the rest of the people out here. Yes. They probably did.

But that suited me. "Sure, I'm actually pretty handy in a fight." I grin at him, letting my confidence shine through on my expression. Let it be seen as bluster, if that's what he's looking for. "Sign me up."

A firm hand settles onto my shoulder, guiding me away from the knowing looks of the nearby crowd. This probably happened a lot. And they probably had a pretty good idea about how unfair the upcoming matchups were about to be.

Hah. I suppose they weren't even wrong in thinking that.

These guys had no idea what they were in for.



This was a great idea. Once they started constructing the arena, an elevated stage that was then surrounded by a meshlike cage of broken fence panels and pipes to keep the crowd out, I had to stop myself from fist-pumping the air. Why? Because of the placement. Right outside the building that Skidmark and his buddies were holed up in. It was pretty obvious that he'd be watching at some point, getting a few glances at him every round should be trivial every time I managed to get up onto the stage.

The crowd roars as one of my fellow contestants is bodily thrown off of the stage, crashing into the ground just short of the fenceline - perfectly lined up for the raucous crowd to pelt him with abuse, spittle and unwanted drinks. Ruthless. Those who had lost money on him, even more so.

"Next!" A nervous looking boy next to me is pushed forward as his opponent is revealed. Another lopsided matchup. The people on the opposite side of the ring were the expected winners. Regulars. The ones on our side were flanked by guards for a reason. Two people had already tried to back out, and it was safe to say that their request had been firmly denied. The only way out was a quick defeat on the stage, and none of the opponents seemed to be the sort to accept surrender.

I wince lightly as the guy is folded in half in a single hit, falling to the ground in a wheezing fit as his opponent hypes up the crowd. A crowd that turns from roars of approval to an outraged hiss as he attempts to crawl towards the edge of the stage. He's maybe a half-second away from safety before he's dragged back to the centre by his leg. This wasn't exactly a sanctioned, official boxing match. There wasn't any sort of ettiquette or mercy rule to stick to. Certainly nothing against hitting a defeated or grounded opponent. Solid kicks to the chest. A punch at the head. I wouldn't be surprised if people died from this sometimes.

But then, considering the sheer amount of drug use going in within this one-block radius - I'm sure just one more body would hardly make a difference. I can't imagine there aren't a fair few overdoses every week, and somehow I doubted that Skidmark was struggling to recruit from the rejected, down-on-their-luck masses of the Bay.

"You wanna get off the stage?" The man roars, lifting the broken man in his arms. "Then let me help you!" A slow, dramatic walk to the edge of the stage, only to stop just short and slam him into the ground one last time to the bloodlusted roars of the crowd. One final kick to roll him off of the stage and drop to the floor below, and the match is over. Someone walks over in an unhurried fashion, dragging the broken, crying figure away. Maybe he'd even get some medical treatment, or, perhaps, just a hearty cocktail of drugs to forget about the pain and his likely-broken ribs.

"The winner, Number Thirteen, strikes again! Will his rampage ever be stopped?" The announcer screams into the crowd. The same guy that recruited me. Bet he makes a killing off of this, if those betting odds next to his booth were real. It was pretty clear that people recognised the man even though they'd put some token efforts into anonymising each of us. Numbers instead of names, a flimsy domino mask that barely covered anything. A measure that I was pretty sure was just to generate an air of deniability if someone died or wanted revenge later.

"You're up, Number Seven." I'm shoved forward - and I'm all too eager to comply. I hurry up onto the stage, eyes already casting around from my elevated position. Skidmark. Skidmark. Skidmark?

Where the fuck is Skidmark? I had a pretty good view of what were obviously the best seats containing the most elite guests - but no sign of the dirty blue, sometimes purple, mask or cape were anywhere to be seen. Was he just not interested? Or was he with Squealer, who also didn't seem to be present?

I tear my face away from the crowd with a scowl. My opponent is busy pumping up the crowd, but sends me a little grin of his own.

Big. Probably uses steroids. Shouldn't be a problem. "Challenge." I whisper, not even bothering to read his challenge sheet. It didn't matter. Win or lose, I just wanted to see if I had the right approach.

I sidestep his attempt at grabbing me in a bear hug. He's too sturdy to be knocked down by a leg sweep, but he's not quick on his feet - and he doesn't expect the jabs under his guard either. I don't have the luxury of using most of my powerset if I get into a pinch, so it wouldn't do to underestimate him. Just because I was confident that I could handle a fighter like this - as I already have many times before - didn't mean that I wasn't fully aware that I would lose if he nailed a full-power punch on me, or managed to get me in a grapple of pure strength.

Dodge. Dip. Counter. Dodge. Counter. Strike the leg. Attack him while he's down.

SUCCESS​

An easy challenge. I dismiss the notification, a feeling of calm washing over me as my opponent lunges towards me in an exact mirror of his opening move just a few seconds ago. Sidestep the charge. He was slow to turn before, so dash around - liver shot. The guard is wrong, his side is unprotected. Double-shot to the stomach. He reels, and I advance. A flurry of punches - head, shoulder, head again, then back down to his torso as he futilely brings his arms up to cover his head.

Again. Again. I kick at his knee, feeling something warp and break at my efforts - he starts to fall with an agonised roar as his distorted leg collapses, and I help him down with another flurry of attacks - a second hit smashing his head against the wooden arena and then a full-powered kick slamming into his unprotected nuts. I stop myself from a third strike on the downed fighter as the announcer frantically calls the match. Don't want to get a reputation after all.

Okay, I broke his leg. But still, other people had done worse. I was far from the only person to inflict that kind of injury today, and the guy was practically twice my size - I could be forgiven for taking the opening when it presented itself. Anyone could see that.

I inelegantly shunt my opponent off the stage. A shellshocked assistant is there to catch him. As if the preferential treatment couldn't get any more obvious.

The announcer doesn't let his obvious surprise stop him from calling out the win. "I- In a surprise upset, the winner - Number Seven! He dominates his opponent and claims first blood for the rookies, but has he just painted a target on his back? Find out next round! Get your bets in early, folks! But for the moment, next fighters - take your positions!"

I cast my gaze back towards the VIP section, desperately searching - but to no avail. I reluctantly hop off the stage. The assistants flinch away from me as I glare around at nothing in particular.

Fuck.

What was even the point if none of the Capes were watching? Would they show up for later rounds? Or did they just not care about any of this?

"Nice fight." I get a few pats on my shoulder as I return to my spot. "Kicked his ass." I ignore them. I could pretty reasonably expect everyone else on this side to lose, save for a fluke or two and those planted here to give the illusion of fairness. I just needed to focus on my own fights. When to win. And when to lose. It might not be a terrible idea to lose at some stage, rather than win the whole thing. A loss in the finals would draw far less attention, but if winning was a requirement to getting into the VIP area - then maybe I didn't have a choice. That man had never promised that I'd get in win-or-lose, so I had no assurances either way. I wouldn't put it past them to just shrug and say that was out of their hands.

If Skidmark had already left - or wouldn't be showing his face all evening - then that plan didn't have any advantages to it at all, and the best thing to do would be to leave early and attack with Taylor to draw them out.

The people next to me wince in unison as they watch the next fight unfold. Maybe they thought that they stood a chance after seeing me win? Well. I wasn't accepting any of the blame for their injuries - it was their fault for overestimating themselves, even if their judgement was a little clouded by the open bar on tap.

"The winner, in a clean knockout - Number Four! The next round begins now! Number Sixteen and Number Twenty - get over here! Last second bets opening now, check the upcoming brackets and get ready to cash in! Last chance to bet on the winner of the whole thing, just look at the money you could be making!" The crowd mills around the betting booths.

The second round fights, for the most part, are more even. The challengers waiting on my side of the arena have been almost wiped out already, and the few that remained get picked off one by one - their luck running out against the more experienced fighters.

"Number Seven and Number Three! Time to get rolling!" I push myself up. This time, the shove forward from the guard isn't so aggressive. Guess he isn't so keen to push people around when he knows that they can bite back.

I get up on stage again, looking around once more. No Skidmark. No Squealer. No Mush. Not that I know what Mush looks like, but PHO assures me that he exists.

Useless, piece of shit Merchants. I needed them to do one thing - sit around and do nothing - and they can't even do that right. I grit my teeth. I'll take it out on this guy. If they don't show up for the third round... I don't know what I'll do. But I'll do something. I'm not letting this be a wasted trip after all of this effort. If I have to personally turn every one of his guards into a bimbo slut eating out of my hand to get in that building, then that's just what I'll do. Maybe my power will hit the mental brakes on all those challenge attempts, but maybe I'll have better luck next time around.

A quick challenge tells me that my next opponent is the opposite of the first. A wiry, tricky fighter that also happened to be dosed up to the gills on... something. I don't know, I'm not an expert on drugs - but I didn't have to be to know that normal people didn't look like that.

He doesn't spend much time cheering with the crowd either. He just lunges at me, hand outstretched towards my face - fingers grasping as if to go straight for my eyes. I meet his charge with a solid kick at his lower body, then shift closer and attempt to combo off of it. No good. He shifts closer, I match his movement - he goes for the charge again. He definitely wants the grapple, this time - I meet him halfway. He gets a half-grip on my shirt and attempts to throw me to the ground over his leg as I seize his other hand, he doesn't think to separate or try and slip away until his fingers are snapped back at a near-perfect 180-degree angle. The crowd hisses at the sound as the man pulls away, shaking his hand with a mildly annoyed expression - as if he had just punched a wall, rather than losing motor function in that hand for the foreseeable future.

Drugs. Lots of them. This guy wouldn't go down as easily as the first. Something was fucked up about his pain tolerance.

I meet his next lunge head on again. Pain tolerance or not, he wasn't exactly Sophia. My next punch smashes into his jaw, then its my turn to trip him over my leg. Grounded. I pull him back by his dreadlocks, then slam his face down onto the floor. Once. Twice. Three times. He manages to slip away, rising to his feet and stumbling backwards-

-directly off of the stage. I blink. Anticlimactic. The man makes an attempt to clamber back onto the stage with a furious cry - but guards pull him away before he can pull himself up.

"Winner! Number Seven is getting a streak going! Could we be seeing the rise of a new champion?"

Thirty-two starting participants. Sixteen going into this round, eight into the next. Three more rounds for me. Three more rounds for Skidmark to show up.

...no. I couldn't just keep waiting and hoping. Time to make some of my own luck. I'd never actually been promised that winning this would get me in there, but being the star of the show and getting enough recommendations must count for something. Making some friends in the VIP section was probably the best way forward. Better to focus on the dozen-or-so people that seemed to have their own followers fawning over them than worry about any guards. If they 'randomly' gained an interest in me, that was far more likely to give me a way in than any other method.

And it would last into the future as well. If Skidmark couldn't be bothered to watch his gang do its business, then I could just start the long process of stealing his gang out from under him. I glance at the first of them.

Brandon Lex

Arms Smuggler 1/4

(ALRT) (GANG)​

This guy, then the others. I only had so much time before I had to get shoved off the stage, but I could get off a fair few attempts before it started to look weird. "Challenge."



My opponent slumps to the floor.

"It's all over! Number Seven is through-"

"Challenge."

SUCCESS​

"-to the semi-finals! This merciless little psycho has his eyes set on the top spot!" I pause in my challenges to frown at the announcer. What was that about? I was fighting the same way everyone else was. No need to call me names.

Now then, where was I...

Right. Next in line, arms wrapped around a pair of strippers and throwing out slurs aimed at my defeated opponent.

Adam Mustain

Kingpin 1/6

(PREP) (ZONE) (REAL)​

"Challenge." Kingpin was a pretty hefty title to have on your first challenge. Some people tended to have challenges that 'evolved' over time with different labels, but the first one tended to be a good estimate of what someone was doing now. Picking up guys with titles like this could only be a good thing for my future influence over the gang and the Bay as a whole.

"Fuck you, shitheel!" My target whoops as I race towards him. Too many of these guys had guns, closing the gap was the best way to handle them - and the ZONE modifier ensured that I couldn't really flank. I blink as the ground below me erupts into a harsh blue light. I give an uncomprehending, open-mouthed look as the figure at the far end of the straight-corridor formed by the ZONE sends me a fuck-off gesture. "I run this bitch! Get fucked, dickless shitstain! Gargle my balls like your whore of a mother!"

And then Skidmark sends me flying backwards hard enough to send me into, and through, the wooden panelling behind me.

I pick myself up with a blank expression. "You cannot be serious." I groan to myself. "You were here the whole fucking time? You-" I cut myself off, almost too annoyed to even make words. "Where is your fucking-" I momentarily pause as he tries to throw a crate at me with his fields. Badly. He can't aim, and it just skids to a halt a few metres away from me and then splinters open. "-mask? What kind of leader are you?"

"Stop crying, pussy!" He hollers, whether that was in response to my question or just generic shittalk, I'm not sure. Both, maybe.

He's right though. This is what I wanted. It's a little frustrating, because it means that I've already missed out on multiple chances to challenge him and I didn't even realise it - the wasted rounds with a lot of downtime were gone now, and I could reasonably expect the last two rounds to resolve in rapid-fire fashion judging by the current pace.

But that's fine. I had him now. I could take all my gripes about him taking his shitty costume off and weaponise that annoyance against him now.

Or at least, I should. Now that I was thinking about it, this was a terrible position to be in. ZONE was the perfect modifier for his powerset, even if his powers were weak - the weaknesses weren't really on display here. I couldn't flank him. Couldn't use his fields against him because he was directing them all towards me. Couldn't overwhelm the fields or attack at range with any powers of my own because I was a completely physical fighter. I just had to power through, which is exactly the kind of thing that his power was good against. And was only going to continue to get better against. Already, the floor below me was humming with a blue light - a light pressure pushing me backwards as if I was trying to fight the wind. Not too bad yet, but it would only get stronger as he added more layers to it.

Right. He'd targeted the entire corridor in front of him with a weak version of his power, sacrificing power for range. Then there was the stronger, limited zone that he'd set down to repel me initially. Far superior in strength, but I could move around it - at least until he mirrored it elsewhere or widened it.

And then there were the 'firing' zones next to him. Along with his 'ammo'. He slides crates and boxes and bottles into those zones, and they rocket down in my direction at speed - I would guess that both the zones and the ammo were down to the PREP modifier. Which was... actually a little bit pathetic, honestly. He could have made a deathtrap or an impenetrable fortress, or have already had the entire road acting like a one-way hurricane of force from the moment I arrived - and instead, he made a really shit slingshot.

...if I had flight, I could just go around the entire thing. If I could teleport, he had literally nothing in place that could shoot or repel behind him. If I had literally anything... bah. No sense in complaining about it. Time to go. I shift into my shadow state-

-and fly backwards. I crack my neck as I drop back into the physical world, digging my feet in and pushing forward again. Right. Sophia's power kind of acts like a gas. Usually the way I use it means that I ignore any force acting on me, but that's only because most forces that act on me in that state are inconsequential compared to my own momentum. But Skidmark's fields weren't like that. In the same way that a strong wind could, in theory, blow Sophia in a given direction - turning into gas simply allowed Skidmark's fields to act on me without any resistance from my weight at all.

"Whoo! Get fucked, pasty white boy!"

...shit. Did that mean that my speed-state was out as well? Better to know now. I try it, and immediately hurtle backwards - only stopping at the ZONE wall as if held by an invisible force. I don't even have time to get out of the momentary paralysis before I hit the back of the ZONE - that's how much worse it is than Sophia's powerset. I'm used to hostile effects being super-effective against that form if I can't dodge them, and having my mass reduced by so much was already a bad matchup against this powerset. I hang against the ZONE wall uselessly as the paralysis wears off - only slumping back down to touch the floor once I've slipped out of the speed-state entirely.

Have I lost? Just like that? To Skidmark, of all people?

No. Surely not. But what options did I have? I hadn't gone into those states for no reason - I'd done it because I needed a gamechanger. Sure, I could fight through this basic field below me - even if it was slowly increasing in strength, it would take a while to become something I couldn't handle. No, the problem was that he could just stop strengthening this wide field and instead set up a stronger one right below me - just like he did the first time I charged him. A normal guy simply couldn't close to melee against Skidmark.

"I'm the strongest in the world!" A crate practically detonates on the debris next to me. Those things were coming at me fast now.

Could two? Maybe. I should have summoned the ash clone right from the start, but I'd just assumed it was an easy-kill then and it wasn't quite as fast in a sprint as me. It was usually better to summon it right on top of the target. But the ash clone could probably shrug off a simple repelling field without getting dispelled, and forcing him to try and knock away two dodging-and-weaving people at once might be just the edge I need to get into melee with the man.

Too late for that to make a difference now. Skidmark has been layering his power over this entire half of the ZONE ever since I got knocked back. And even if my ash clone could pack a punch, it just didn't have much weight to it. I summon it anyway, giving it a grim look as it attempts to surge forward - yet gets pushes back with every step it takes. Too late. It didn't have the mass that I did. And soon, even my mass wouldn't be enough to resist. Hell, Skidmark could have shrunk down the area he was affecting and already crossed that point if he put his mind to it, but that was always his problem - wasn't it?

...which only made it even more frustrating that I'd lost. Musing over the ash clone couldn't help me now, not before I got a fresh start from the next challenge. And as for the rest of my powers... I had nothing. Vista's couldn't handle enough space to get me in range. Clockblocker would help to keep me alive from his projectiles a little longer - and give me handholds if I was capable of moving forward - but in this, specific situation staying alive longer wouldn't help. I'd just die from the eventual pressure squishing me against the ZONE wall like a bug. Panacea. Othala. Victor. Echo. Taylor. Parian. Nothing. Not even a single one could help me out of this mess.

I relax, and stop fighting the force pushing me backwards. I didn't even have anything to test. All I could do was wait for either Skidmark to ramp up the pressure, or for him to finally learn how to aim his projectiles properly. Before long, there's no longer any hope of peeling myself off of the wall. Oddly relaxing, aside from the faint feeling of getting slowly crushed.

Skidmark misses twice more before a barrel tumbles end-over-end and smashes into my leg. Broken. Definitely. Another miss. Then a second hit into my upper torso leaves me splitting blood and cuts off all sensation from my lower body.

"That's right! That's right! That's why I stay on top! That's why I'm the king of these streets!" Skidmark continues to brag. "I'm fucking invincible! I'm never gonna stop winning! Get fu-" I don't get to hear the rest of his words. I don't even get to see the projectile evaporates my head into a pink mist, but I do get to observe my broken, headless body collapse as the challenge breaks down. Seeing the aftermath of my own death was always a little unpleasant, but this time... it was nothing to do with what happened and everything to do with who did it.

I mean... losing to Skidmark? That's just... urgh. At least nobody aside from me had any insight into what happened in my simulations. Otherwise, I don't know if I could live the shame down.

FAILURE​

Before I return to the waking world, I jerk my eyes to the side. There was always a slight delay in the real world between challenge and when I could see again - and I didn't want Skidmark or anyone else wandering why I was staring at him in particular out of the crowd for no apparent reason. I flick back to his challenge sheet a moment later as my vision comes back. Five minute cooldown. Fine. Should be ready for the start of my semi-finals match, and then... perhaps I could drag my fight out long enough for a third attempt if I failed again? Then repeat the trick for the finals - that would surely be enough, at least for the first challenge. Maybe I'd run into a wall in a later challenge - but this first one seemed... doable. Just, not with a bad start. You couldn't get knocked back once. Every failure and setback compounded the difficulty by giving him more time to make and strengthen his fields.

I check the two girls on either side of them. They didn't fit the description of Squealer or Mush, but... no. That wasn't them. Three challenges apiece, just regular humans.

I exit the stage, letting the next fighters take my place. My mind was already on the next battle.



"-on't let his appearance fool you, this bloodthirsty maniac's soul bays out for violence and carnage! Make way, for Number Seven!"

The last fight had ended a little too quickly. Skidmark's timer wasn't up yet. Better to just focus on my opponent. I wasn't too worried. If I let myself get beaten by them at all after all my combat experience I'd never live it down. Even taking a hit at all would leave me a little red-faced the next time I squared off against Sophia. None of these fighters were as... 'complete' as her. They were slow, or sloppy, or just lacking in fundamentals. Things that had been beaten out of me in the dozens, hundreds of fistfights to the deaths that I'd been involved in up to this point.

And a few too many of those supposed 'fistfights' had ended in my painful death to the sudden appearance of a pistol or a knife that I knew trouble when I saw it. Something about the way his hands strayed close to his pockets when I threatened to lunge forward, or the easy confidence he had despite the obvious gap in skill - without any advantage in build like some of my other opponents had.

Somehow, I doubted anyone would step in if I got myself stabbed. They'd point and laugh, maybe disqualify the guy - but expecting anything resembling fair-play would be a mistake. Still. I had to assume that the guy didn't want to get disqualified, so he would probably make an attempt to hide it. A short blade, with any stabs disguised as a punch? I couldn't even assume that it was a clean blade, so I couldn't even allow myself to take a minor hit for a major advantage in the fight - I doubted anyone would rush me to the hospital if I collapsed ten minutes later.

Well. If he was going to cheat... I had a few tricks of my own. I lunge forward, a massive overhead swing aimed at his face as he sways away.

Vista's power tended to look kind of obvious when used over distance. Limbs tended to distort as they travel through shrunken space, the air itself gains a shimmer as light passes through it in strange ways. The bigger the change, the more obvious it was. And, critically, the reverse was also true. This man knew his footwork, he knew my reach, his reach - and dodged accordingly. He would escape my fist by mere inches, and go for the counter immediately afterwards.

But if I somehow, impossibly, gained an extra inch or three of reach? A near-miss turns into a perfect hit, and the effect is over too quickly for anyone to even parse what they are looking at. The slight distortion in the air starting to unwind before I've even completed my follow-through.

Cheeky. And nobody noticed. I hop backwards as the knife comes out, a swipe at my eyes that discards any sense of pretending that he was playing fair. The crowd murmurs at the appearance of the weapon, the announcer hypes up the obvious cheating... and nobody steps in to stop the fight. Saw that coming.

I take a closer look at his weapon of choice. More of a shiv than anything else. Short. Stubby. Sharp. It wouldn't change my strategy - it wasn't a large enough weapon to truly give him a range advantage, and his chosen grip ensured that he only had a few viable angles of attack with it. He was definitely hoping to just get in a slugging match and shrug his shoulders when his bloodied opponent falls to the ground in a heap mid-fight. I've been stabbed enough to know that sometimes you don't even recognise it as anything other than a regular punch at first.

I'll just switch to kicking for the moment, wait for him to make a mistake. I could probably repeat my trick with Vista and go for a knockout, but if I didn't stall for another minute or so I'd be ushered off the stage before I could fight Skidmark again. He inches forward, I kick at his leading leg. He inches back. Perfect. A growing chorus of boos emerges from the crowd at our standstill, though most of them seem to be aimed at my opponent as the crowd identifies the weapon as the obvious reason why I was suddenly being so cautious. I spare an annoyed look at the still-significant portion of the crowd calling me a pussy for not jumping into his reach.

We dance back and forth for a while longer, all while I internally count to sixty. That should be enough, right? If I ended the fight now, I should be able to stick around long enough to get another shot at Skidmark. There was a temptation to continue to drag things out even past that, but not making a mistake around his blade for another five minutes wasn't as easy as I was currently making it look. Not to mention the possibility that the organisers - or even Skidmark himself - stepped in to force us into closer proximity that would favour my opponent. If he made a field below us to force us into each other... no. I would struggle to end the fight quickly enough to prevent myself from getting stabbed a half-dozen times. I'd have to pretend to trigger, or just outright run. I couldn't take that risk.

I slide forward, pushing and holding his knife-hand away before shoulder-charging him with the rest of my bodyweight. I attack his weapon-hand as he rains down blows on my unprotected back. Painful, but worth it. The fifth time that I slam his hand against the floor, the knife comes loose. I knock it away, then turn to my opponent. A complete amateur. He'd never stood a chance, but the fact that he didn't even attempt to get me into a grapple or submission hold indicated that he didn't belong in the semi-finals. My other opponents had been stronger. He'd probably cheated in most of his other rounds as well.

No need to waste time. I twist his arm until he screams, then yank it further in a deliberate motion. Repeat with the second arm. I couldn't really trust his pleas to surrender, he wouldn't be the first fighter to change his mind the moment the other guy let up - and he'd already established that he wasn't above a bit of trickery or outright cheating. With two broken arms? I'd like to see him try.

I don a satisfied smile as the man attempts to propel himself towards the edge of the arena with his legs. I help him, dragging him the rest of the way and flinging him off the stage and into the walls of the 'cage' surrounding us. Nobody manages to catch him this time, and he just lies there, limply groaning as the assistants come to drag him away.

This was... fun. Actually. I rarely got a chance to show off what I had learned in my challenges, and when acting as a hero I couldn't really be half as effective as I would like to be. But a more casual, disorganised fight like this? It really was too perfect for me. Nobody cared if I broke a few bones. Nobody cared if I went a little bit too far. The visceral satisfaction of returning the tiniest fraction of what had been done to me, onto other people? People who, honestly, kind of deserved it? Perfection. And none of it was tied to either of my real identities - and nobody was about to accuse me of being a combat Thinker either. I didn't have that kind of fighting style, or at least, I didn't if I hadn't fought you a dozen times already. I was just fast and strong, tricky and brutal. I didn't have that serene grace or impossible fighting style that you often saw from Capes that were gifted unnatural combat skill from their powers. I was just... scrappy.

"Don't go anywhere Number Seven - the semi-finals may be over, but we're heading straight into the final round! Everyone! Put your hands together for our two finalists! Number Seven and Number Twenty-Five!" I nod, staying in place as I look around the VIP section. Had Skidmark left-? No. There he was. Nose deep in a pile of... whatever that was.

"Challenge." This time, I don't hesitate. A full sprint forward, my ash clone materialising next to me mid-stride - the briefest touch all that was needed to grant it administrator status and transfer Vista's powerset to it. I could use it too, but the clone probably needed it more than me.

I tear out my pockets as I split away from my ash clone, taking the left side of the road. A thin slip of fabric would usually be useless, but if I did get knocked back, then I could completely halt my momentum by using Clockblocker's power to turn the fabric pinched against my palms into a handhold in the air. Glory Girl's forcefield could handle a hit or two from his barrage of projectiles, and partially shifting into my shadow state should handle the rest.

"Time to get lost, dicksucking shitbags!" Skidmark waves his arms around. A weak field across the entire area again. Not a problem, no worse than facing into the wind on a hike. Didn't even need to dig my heels in yet, it just slightly slows me down. I kill my momentum and backstep as the floor around me turns a darker blue, the field only getting the briefest moment to make its effect on me known before I escape backwards - sidestepping around it a moment later. That was the trick. Because even if he could do that again, my ash clone was advancing on the other side of the road. Skidmark turns his focus on to the clone instead. I take the opportunity to sprint along the far side of the ZONE, hoping to stay out of his immediate vision range.

No such luck. He turns back to me as my ash clone is rebuffed. Dodge a crate. Dodge a beer bottle. Sidestep another powerful field placed directly below me. He gets more accurate the closer I get, but his firing zones just aren't angled right to hit someone up at the far edges of the road. They're too strong, too targeted down the centre that he couldn't apply enough sideways force to hit me - at least, not without the help of another of his fields - which would completely cripple the weapon the moment I moved again. Sidestep. Sidestep. He slams down three fields in succession to force me back, the last one actually getting a solid connection on me - forcing my air-handholds out to stop myself tumbling head-over-heels backwards and setting myself up to get combo'd by another field.

And then my ash clone is on top of him. I'd noted it shrinking the size of some of the zones Skidmark had blocked it off with, but now that the twisted space had wound back to normal - the power was available again, and it was just about in range to dash past the weak, wide-ranging field that had been slowing it all this time. Dashing into the other, completely untouched half of the ZONE behind Skidmark.

And that completely fucked his strategy. Now he couldn't keep an eye on both of us. He couldn't even keep shooting at the ash clone because his launchers couldn't change direction. My clone avoids a direct attack, wary of being dispelled before I could close the gap - but it does its part playing a distraction while I navigate the maze of strong fields that Skidmark had tried to trap me with. Time-consuming, especially when Skidmark glanced back desperately to block me off again. But his fields were weakening as his attention was drawn away. Sight-based limits to his power? I couldn't tell the difference on the fields that were capable of sending me flying, but the persistent wind-like effect was almost gone at this point.

I'll give credit to Skidmark. He was good at keeping me away. He might have let my clone slip through thanks to not understanding it's ability to use Vista's powerset, but he hadn't missed a beat at stopping me from joining the melee. I'd obviously been his primary target from the beginning, and that hadn't changed even with my clone sneaking in for cheap shots from multiple angles whenever he turned his head.

But again, my clone had Vista's powerset. And as it's previous use fades back into normal space - it shrinks space again. Not to attack, but give me a pathway forward, a way to get far closer than he was expecting while his back was turned. The distraction is slightly too bold, as Skidmark manages to send the clone crashing into his stockpile of crates. It dispels, but it's done well enough.

Before Skidmark can turn, I'm on top of him - hands gouging into his eyes before he even realises I've closed the gap. The cloth mask does nothing to protect him, and I pull my bloodied hands away as he starts to scream and hurl abuse at me - clutching his eyes uselessly as the fields around us continue to weaken. I knock him down. Hit him again. And again. The Echo copies each hit. My ash clone was up for a long time, so the cooldown will be equally long - but I can do this alone. Blinded as he is, he's just as useless as Oni Lee was in the dark. His body goes limp as I rock his head against concrete, and the simulation fades after the third repeated hit.

SUCCESS

Reward: Kinetic Fields (1)​

That's more like it. First try. Or, first try after realising who I was up against.

On to the next.

Skidmark

Kingpin 2/6

(PREP) (LUST)​

His original name shimmers in my vision, his cape name shimmering in and out of sight to replace it.

PREP again. It was a good modifier for him. One of his biggest weaknesses was that his fields could be slow to set-up for his more powerful, complex attacks. I'd seen videos of him where he had chosen to surround himself on all sides and look pretty-much invincible until New Wave or Dauntless arrived to rain on his parade. LUST... well. It was hard to know how bad that modifier would be. It was hard to know how an optimal user of his powerset would fight when there was so little information on the limits of his power at all. The Merchants didn't exactly do PR campaigns advertising their power like the Empire did.

Whatever. I could guess. Railguns. PHO used to salivate over the idea, only to grow increasingly disappointed as he never really showed the ability to do that off. If not, then perhaps some actual projectiles other than shitty crates and bottles? Funneling attackers into a chokepoint and swarm them with grenades? A defensive position, perhaps. That's what I'd do. "Challenge."

I take stock of the arena right away. Open courtyard, yet - not thrust directly into combat like last time. I could plan my approach, to an extent.

Although, there certainly wasn't much I could do to explore. One landmark in particular stands out, something that looks like some kind of multi-storey bunker - alight in pulsating colours forming rings around the entire structure. I'm not immediately attacked as it comes into view, so I take a moment to step up to the outermost edges of the field - staying well away from the entrance where the field seems to stop. I reach a hand out to touch it, and damn-near break my fingers in the process as the force nearly tears them off. That's a no-go. I grab a pebble, attempting to aim up and over. It shatters a window behind me. No chance of gliding over the top of it then.

Skidmark pokes his head through the slits of his defensive structure at the noise. A moment later, a large black barrel emerges pointing directly at me. I back away, forcefield in place and ready to shift into my shadow state the moment it falls. I couldn't even charge him from this angle, so this was a terrible spot to be caught in. The 'entrance' seemed like a deliberate trap as well, but at least there was a way forward. No such luck with this field, even if Vista's power could reduce it's size - it was the potency that was the real problem. He would usually take a long time to make something that strong, let alone over such a wide area - but the PREP modifier had given him that time before I ever arrived.

The first bullet ricochets off my shield before I can reach the row of buildings behind me. I shrink the space with Vista, prepare to shift into my shadow state as I leap towards my only cover-

-and watch as the entire building collapses in on itself under successive impacts. A pillar is vaporised right in front of me, the support for the upper floors failing in an instant - all while I'm desperately cycling through all of the charges of my shadow state to avoid my head matching the fate of the rest of the building.

Christ. That... wasn't what I was expecting. Sure, I knew he could do that in principle - but PHO and I both agreed that it should probably require some kind of loop, some kind of system where one field goes into the next while keeping momentum. If he could just turn a regular, souped-up gun into a rapid-fire cannonball machine then he would... well. Hm. To be fair - when would he even use that? Clearly this took forever to set-up, and the moment he goes to sleep or leaves the entire thing will start to collapse. And he's rarely ever in a fight anyway, usually only getting involved in the time it takes Squealer to get the escape vehicle ready. Maybe he really could do this the entire time.

I've got nowhere to run. No cover to hide behind. I'll give credit to Glory Girl's shield for being so effective I didn't even realise the potency behind the first shot that it blocked - but I would need about twenty of those cycling in and out to survive this barrage.

My torso disintegrates almost the very instant that my shadow state runs out. At least it was painless. And I guess Skidmark is better at aiming in this challenge too.

FAILURE​

Maybe I should see if my version of his power could disable those fields next time. Otherwise... it looked like I was going to have to charge right down the middle of the obvious trap to make progress.

I flex as I re-enter the real world. Cooldown... eight minutes. Not bad, I've had to deal with worse for second challenges before. But it still all depended on my ability to stay within sight range of Skidmark for the rest of the evening.

"Fighters, ready!" I focus my attention back onto my opponent. I'd already challenged him while he was fighting last round. A straight-up boxer. Hits hard. Good footwork. Not so great once he gets knocked down. No tricks. Probably the most skilled fighter that I'd come across today - but still, a big fish in a small pond. If he was really good, he wouldn't even be in the orbit of this gang - let alone risking his health and life for pocket change and short-lived fame. "Begin!"

I don't want to drag this out for eight minutes in an attempt to try Skidmark again. Not against someone who could reasonably knock me out in one blow if I messed up. Just close in, take it to the ground - submission hold. He seems both surprised and unprepared when I dive to his legs and wrap around him, throwing myself into a spin and forcing him with me unless he wanted to break his leg stopping the motion. Down. Twist. He struggles, I twist harder - and he taps out. I pause for a moment. Fine. Whatever. I let him clamber towards the edge, sliding off without a hint of treachery in his actions.

The crowd boos him as he flees. Not really his fault. I'd tried to delay the other fights, but this was just a bad matchup for him.

"In record time, it's all over! Number Seven takes it all! Our new champion of the arena!" I wave at the crowd.

"Alright, alright." Skidmark clambers out of his seat and swaggers up to the stage, pulling himself up onto the stage with deceptive ease. Athletic, despite his appearance. "Listen up cocksuckers-"

"Get off the stage, faggot!" The crowd yells at him. "Knock him out Number Seven!"

"You fuckers, you think I'm just gonna take that-" Skidmark pauses, touching his face. "-oh." He turns back to his entourage. "Slut! Use your brain instead of those fat-fucking-tits, I haven't had my mask on this entire time! Fucking say something next time! Throw me that shit under the chair. Yeah! Hurry the fuck up!" The crowds jeers continue until the bag is thrown at him, at which point the sudden appearance of the crumpled mask and cape reveal his identity to everyone. "Knew I was forgetting something. Anyway. Congrats to Mister Three here or whatever. Listen-" He plants his hand on my shoulder heavily. "-you know what we're all celebrating right now? Mister Cham-pi-on?" His breath stinks of alcohol, and his choice to enunciate each symbol into my face was an obvious provocation.

And a trap. There was a wrong answer here. This wasn't about me. This was about him. His gang. If I said the wrong thing here, he could crush me in front of everyone - and without my powers, I wasn't going to be able to do a thing about it.

...well. I could attack him first. But that would go even worse, naturally.

"You found a new Cape, right?" I ask innocently. "Second biggest gang in the Bay! We're winning!" The crowd cheers at that.

Skidmark stares at me. "Yeah. Yeah that's exactly fucking right." He nods, looking around. "That's exactly-" He pauses for effect. "-the right goddamn answer. We've got a bona-fide fucking genius over here. It's exactly as he says. Three, count-em, three Capes - under one banner. And the chinks? One. On account of the teleporting cunt getting fucked by some absolute nobodies. Fuck the Empire. Nobody cares about them right now. What's important, is us - and our standing in our city. And let me tell you fuckers right now, it's only up from here! We're the strongest that we've ever been! It's only gonna get better!" The crowd cheers again. "Now then. Enough talk about our mysterious new member. Mush! Get out here!"

The crowd turns expectantly. I turn as well, unable to keep the eager glint out of my eyes.

Skidmark shifts as the silence extends. "Mush! Get out here you degenerate-" He cuts himself off. "Fine. You know, he's new to parties like this. Probably face-down in his own vomit after taking shots out of some whore's crack. I'll drag him out later, and you'll all see that we've got a real fucking powerhouse on our side from now on. Any gang wants to muscle in on our operations? We'll give them a bloody nose that they won't ever fucking forget. That's what it means to be part of the Merchants! Super-fucking-natural protection. Everyone knows it's all that matters. You can have as many Mister Two's as you like-" He slaps my shoulder again. "-but it doesn't mean a cock-gargling thing without us! The actual muscle!" He turns to me. "Right?"

"Sounds right to me." I nod with faux eagerness. "That's why you're the boss." A classic mook line.

"See, this guy's smart. Knows how to fall in line when needed. Some of you shitters could learn from him." He flexes his shoulders. "Right. Mister Six." Was he avoiding my real number on purpose, or was he just guessing numbers? "Our big-fucking-winner. Anything to say? Anything you want? Spit it out."

"Sure." I turn to him. "Mind if I head inside? I'm a little curious about the real party going on in there."

"Are you now?" He peers at me. "See, there's a problem with that. That's for the real hotshots. The big shakers and movers. The ones that make it all fucking happen. And the people I like. But, you see - you ain't other of those things. Beating up a bunch of nobodies - who even fucking cares? Not me."

I bite my tongue. Meh. Worth a try. "Never mind then. I guess I'm done here."

Skidmark scowls as a chorus of boos emerges from the crowd. "Nah, you fuckers might not like it - but I can't just go handing out invites to every winner of a bumfight among you chucklefucks." The boos don't abate. Skidmark makes a dramatic eye roll and hand gesture. "But, hey. If you just want to be inside, I ain't got room for a guest - but those fucking sluts following me around can't think for themselves. I could use a gofer. And a gofer that can slap a bitch when I tell them to. That's my only offer. Solve my headache at relying on these useless whores. I get a passable errand boy, you get to admire my shiny superpowered ass as I walk around. And see the party in the process. Whatever. But if you can't handle being my personal bitch for any little thing-"

"That sounds fine." I interrupt before he can change his mind. Almost too good to be true. Not just being inside, but having an excuse to follow Skidmark around - especially as he would almost certainly link up with Squealer and Mush at some point.

"Oh, I get it." He peers at me with a nasty grin. "You act tough, but you're a bit of a Cape groupie - eh? Hoping that if you hang around me enough, you'll get some of the magic yourself? Not the first to try. But maybe you'll have some luck. We might be celebrating four Capes real soon, who knows?"

I give a helpless shrug, giving off the impression that he'd nailed my reasoning head-on. That was an understandable assumption. There were no end to the theories about why Cape-hood often ran in families. Proximity was one of them, even if it wasn't really grounded in fact. Skidmark probably had fans too. Most Capes did. Apart from me, if I ignored those that my power had converted. That was only because of a relative lack of public appearances and advertising. I'd be drowning with fans at some point. Any moment now.

"Then follow me. And remember. I ask for water. You get me the fucking water. I tell you to deck someone, I want them crying on the floor for mercy. I tell you to pass the good stuff, I better fucking get it. I ask, and you get it done. You fuck up, you're not just out of here - you're out of the whole fucking party. That's what you wanted." He stares at me intently.

"That's fair." I agree again.

"With me then." He nods and turns as we slip off of the stage. He doesn't ask the crowd to move, the blue field parts the crowd in two for him. I follow in his tracks as the glow fades again. Behind us, the sound of barking fills the air. The arena wasn't being torn down, but it looked like there were some quick modifications going on. Guess they were doing dogfights now? I shouldn't be surprised. The evening was still young.

Speaking of the evening... I pull out my phone. Might be my last chance for a while, assuming that I would be watched pretty closely while I was shadowing Skidmark.

PHO Mobile:

New message from: Arachne

Arachne: Sure thing. See you then.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Arachne - I know we were going to be meet early today, but I'm actually investigating the Merchants right now and I don't know if I'll make it.

Arachne: Okay, that's fine.

That was a fast response. Somehow, I doubted it was fine.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: I'm not saying let's cancel it - I was more thinking, let's flip the order of events. We group up with SS at the normal time. Raid this place. And, when we all split up to go home... you and I find a nice place to stay late.

Arachne: I'd like to do that... but I don't know if I could keep it from my Dad if we stayed too late.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Do you need to hide it?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Is he the type to worry if you told him that you were hanging out with a boy?

Arachne: I don't know.

Arachne: I'm a little nervous that he'd be angry at me.

Arachne: And maybe a little nervous that he wouldn't care at all.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Do you have any other friends that he would be fine with you staying the night with?

Arachne: Of course!

Liar.

Arachne: It's just, you know. He might check with them.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Well, why don't you try it? If he actually does check - you admit that you were hanging out with a boy and were too embarrassed about it to admit it. He used to be a teenager, I'm sure he gets it.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: And then that gives us all night together...

Arachne: ...I'll let him know.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: See you at eight then. I'll let you and SS know the exact location closer to the time.

Arachne: Are you really going to be safe? Let me know if you run into trouble.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Oh, I'll be fine. Just doing a bit of sleuthing. It will all be worth it if we can hit the Merchants hard tonight.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: So leave it all to me until then.

"Hey!" Skidmark scowls at me. "Fuck are you doing, goggling at your phone for? This is the last chance a guy like you is ever going to have at seeing what it's like in the big leagues. Welcome to the Inner Circle." He makes a grandiose gesture at the lights and sounds surrounding us. "Whaddya think, huh?"

"It's amazing." I lie.

It wouldn't be very smart to tell him it looked just like the outside did, except gaudier and flashier. That wouldn't go down well. And after all I'd done to get to this point, I wasn't going to throw it away so easily. Squealer and Mush were here, somewhere - and the promise of waking up tomorrow with three extra powers was too powerful to resist.

"So." I smile. "Can I get you a drink?"

"Prissy little fuck like you wouldn't know a good drink if it socked you in the face." He dismisses me. "When I need something, I'll be damn sure you know about it. Until then, shut the fuck up."

I smile in pleasant agreement. No matter how foul-mouthed or irritable this guy might get, I'll make it impossible for him to want me gone. I can grin and bear it. I just have to picture that the guy in front of me was actually an equally foul-mouthed hot chick. An image that was surprisingly easy to conjure, funnily enough - and if I focused on that image hard enough, it almost made the passive torrent of abuse pleasant to listen to.

"The fuck are you making doe eyes at me for?" Skidmark grouches as we slink towards the back of the room. "Faggot."

I twitch. Maybe I was imagining a bit too hard, but that didn't change my mission.

Time to make myself absolutely indispensable.

AN: Apologies about the delay. Mix of work projects and a lot of game releases coming out in a row that I was really interested in. Next chapter is up on Patreon as usual. I'll update the character sheet... later. Too lazy right now.
Last edited: Nov 14, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, kurotsuki007 and 669 others
Tamzar
Jul 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Four
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,235
"What does Mush look like? What's his name?" I ask politely.

After my somewhat-embarrassing oversight with Skidmark in plain clothes, I'd taken a more proactive approach to identifying potential Capes in the crowd. Every blonde woman was a potential Squealer, and after a dozen attempts on random partygoers - I was left only with a minor headache and my original assumption that she was in the warehouse in the next building over. As for Mush... I didn't have a clue what he looked like. The only mentions of him on the news or PHO were of the trash-giant squaring up against Squealer's tank and losing - and then the Merchant's crowing about their new recruit. He could be a Case-53, or he could be a Changer - or even a Master. I didn't know what I was looking for, and save for challenging every single person at this party - I was never going to find him off of blind luck.

Still. Ideally, I didn't have to wait for Skidmark to get off his ass and grouch at the two other Merchant Capes. I had my own ways of 'asking around' without drawing attention in real life.

"What's Squealer's real name? Does she leave her workshop during the Merchant parties?" Admittedly, my questioning hasn't yielded many answers so far. Most of my opponents are largely mindless save for their combat skills and tactical prowess, but even those with a proper personality or the REAL modifier weren't guaranteed to be willing to talk to me or answer my questions. Regardless of their state of mind, one thing took precedence - the fact that I was the enemy.

Or, maybe they didn't actually know? I was making a few assumptions about how influential and 'in-the-know' the average person in this room was. It was possible that their claimed inability to answer my questions was genuine, rather than a testament to the unbending desire of the simulation to spite me at every turn. It would make a certain amount of sense. The lady below me right now didn't exactly seem to be the picture of defiance. The broken, terrified sobbing was certainly making me look like the bad guy here, and while there was a certain validity to that - it also didn't change the fact that mistaking this for real life would get me killed. I'd made that mistake before. A few too many times, honestly. Took a while for the lesson to sink in - but getting stabbed by people you thought you were showing mercy to has a way of sharpening a guy's focus.

"Please let me go." She whimpers.

"Am I not being reasonable?" I scowl down at her broken body. "You're lucky, you get that - right? Because it might look weird if I beat all of your challenges and you start fawning over me in front of Skidmark. That would be weird no matter what my power does to smooth things over. And if I beat this challenge, I don't have any guarantee that I'll find another REAL modifier in the next one. You're privileged to be someone that is more useful alive than dead, because if - if - you can get me valuable information when asked, it's worth it for me to kill myself rather than you. Skidmark. Squealer. Mush. Weaknesses. Location. Appearances. Aspects of their power I might not know about. Give me a reason here. I'm doing my best to help you win, why can't you help me in return?" I shake my head. "Because if you can't..." My boot presses down on her neck. "...then I'll just have to take my chances with the next one."

"I really, really don't know-" I lash out with my foot again at the weak response.

"Not sure whether to blame you or my power. Whatever." I grouch, kneeling down to peer at her. "I mean, you could at least have lied. Sent me running around looking for, Katie or something who can usually be found shooting up drugs in the ladies room. I would have been fucking annoyed, but I would have respected you more for it." Like Tattletale at the bank challenge. Infuriating at the time... but I respected the level of petty spite that came from opposing me in any small way like that. And now I knew to watch out for her, as an added bonus. "You're not doing much to help the stereotype of how much of a waste of space the Merchant's are. Like, I literally just told you I was going to kill you if you didn't tell me something good - and you just, shrugged your shoulders like there was nothing you could do? I'm actually kind of pissed off. If you're a big shot in the gang, no wonder you've never achieved anything in the city."

I don't wait to hear her next words.

SUCCESS​

I swipe away the reward screen without reading. Irrelevant.

No information. Or, not what I wanted, anyway. A lot of talk about the Merchants in general. A surprising number of complaints about Skidmark and new hotshots in general. And no small amount of division over what exactly the Merchants were or should be in the future. I'd mentally classified them as just a 'gang' forever because that's what PHO said - but it was probably more accurate to call them a group of allied drug dealers that were slowly being dragged into a coherent gang by the twin pressures of Skidmark pulling and the rest of the city's established ethnicity-based gangs pushing them into a corner. Not everyone was happy about it, but they fell in line by simple virtue of the fact that Skidmark was essentially running a Cape-based protection racket to seize every unaffiliated dealer in the city under his banner. The Merchants would probably explode in about five seconds if the ABB and Empire suddenly left town, that was the slapdash nature of their 'organisation'.

Which was interesting and something I would probably post about on PHO in the future to sound knowledgeable and cool - but it also wasn't a name or a location to go and find the Capes I wanted.

Not that I was really expecting much. Most challenges were set at a certain time and place, usually months or more in the past - finding something modern, combined with someone talkative and also in-the-know was a tough ask. If this party was in more of a fixed location I might have been able to abuse a WRLD modifier and try getting CCTV logs without being stonewalled by my power, but the pop-up nature of this party denied that possibility.

No need to beat myself up over it. It wasn't like I needed to get that information at all costs. I just needed to lurk around Skidmark and play the part of a Cape groupie living the dream as he unwittingly hands his life, power and organisation over to me on a silver platter. His barely-disguised contempt towards me and my attitude was a dream come true. He didn't suspect me of being anything but a delusional Cape groupie hoping to suck up to the boss, and as the public winner of his little fight club - being seen ordering me around like his personal bitch was good for his street cred. This was everything he wanted, looking like the undisputed leader of the Merchants to everyone who he needed to prove it to.

And, this was everything I wanted too. Skidmark's challenges available on cooldown, and simply following him around was likely to lead me to both Squealer and Mush at some point in the evening. And the fact that a significant chunk of the non-Cape leadership of the gang had a somewhat positive opinion of me already thanks to a smattering of early challenges being completed was a good thing too. I didn't have a use for that kind of foothold now, but maybe I could turn the gang into a force for good - or, perhaps, just as another way for me to consolidate the reins of power over the city.

Skidmark snatches the shot glass out of my hand, swigging it down in a single motion after brushing flecks of powder from his nose. "Fucking garbage." He announces to anyone that would listen.

The drugs or the drink? "I see." I nod airily. I was getting a good feel for Skidmark's personality by now. Crude. Abrasive. Permanently complaining about something. And almost certainly about to make his bad day somebody else's problem.

"You see? You see what exactly?" He gets up in my face. "You think that's what the Merchants are about up here? Think that's what's normal?"

I shrug. "I... wouldn't know." Diplomacy, Greg. It probably would have been better to say nothing, but Skidmark was on more of a hair-trigger than I thought. Lack of impulse control, probably a symptom of whatever the hell he was on right now.

"Of course you wouldn't. What would a stupid-looking twink like you know about anything? Stick to punching things. Leave the-" He makes a vague motion with his hands. "-leave the smart shit to me. I'll tell you what's what. And what I'm telling you now, is that the goods today-" He tosses the glass behind him. "-are fucking trash."

I nod silently this time.

"Which means?" He prompts insistently. "Use that fucking brain of yours."

I have to answer now? "I should get something else?"

He leans in aggressively, seeming all-too-sober in the blink of an eye. "Which means that the supplier thinks I'm a fucking joke, too drunk or high to tell that he's watering down the shit that I paid for. Nobody skimps out on my service. It's about respect. Somebody cheats you and gets away with it, they think you're a joke. They tell their friends. They all start getting ideas. So you have to nip it in the bud. Every. Single. Time. Come with me. Make yourself useful for once."

"Sure." I fall in line behind him. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two. One. "Challenge." The whisper is easily drowned out by the noise of the party.

Situation check. Big bunker. Lots of super-strong fields around it, with one gap in the middle as an entrance. He's got a... well. The end result is basically a rapid-fire tank cannon - but it's probably just a normal gun of some description boosted to ridiculous levels of power by the booster fields that the PREP modifier gave him. In a way, the sheer power on display makes it simple. Attract his attention from the bunker, he looks in that direction and makes that entire direction disappear. Fine, treat it like a strange DOOM modifier and find another approach.

I settle down on the ground, well out of Skidmark's potential line of sight. What was the trick here? I wasn't a stranger to unreasonable-looking challenges early on, but often there was a certain trick to it. There were only two issues - recognising the trick, and having the tools to execute it.

...it was definitely the roof. It was so, obviously, a weak point in the defences that even a child could spot it. Now that I know the basics of how Skidmark is defending his bunker, it's easy to see how both his offence and defence are near-perfect in a 360-degree circle. But the fields are giant, flat walls. They don't curve up and over to cover his roof - nor would they need to. There's no access from that direction, there are no nearby buildings that someone could easily jump from. It didn't seem necessary.

And, critically, his power wouldn't let him do it.

The current set-up was easy to understand. He circled his bunker, layered his walls over and over in the PREP phase, investing hours, or even days, into the process. But when he isn't looking, those layers start to fade. I'd seen videos of his fields functioning even hours after he was in a fight, so the process must be slower in areas where he had invested heavily - but in the first challenge, I was able to abuse that aspect of his power as he turned around for just a little bit too long. Even now, his layers were probably slightly eroding wherever he wasn't looking - but they were already so comically dense that my power's anti-stalling measures would kick in before I could take advantage.

But the restrictions still applied when he was setting them up in the first place. He couldn't make a field above the bunker - he would have to leave the bunker to have that kind of visibility on and over the roof, and that would mean allowing another wall to weaken as it goes unattended.

I take a minute to reposition myself at the top of the nearest building.

Options? Flight was the obvious one. I didn't have it now, but in the worst-case scenario - the moment I managed to catch New Wave on a full-team outing, it was pretty much guaranteed. There were plenty of fliers in the Bay, the fact that I didn't already have it was as much bad luck as anything else - and that streak couldn't last much longer. Still. I wanted to win here. Today. Coming back in a few days or weeks, if I even had another opportunity like this - that was far from ideal.

Using all three of my shadow state charges to glide, shrinking space with Vista, Clockblocking some kind of platform to stand on to recover both Vista and Shadow Stalker's powersets and then gliding again - that was more than sufficient for the horizontal jump, but it didn't cover the vertical challenge. The nearby buildings just weren't tall enough relative to Skidmark's fields.

That left my Tinker powers, and my new kinetic fields from the last challenge. Alas, my version of Skidmark's power was predictably nerfed for the first reward. I couldn't build myself an elevator or some kind of trampoline, because I couldn't really layer the power in the same way. I activate the power, toying with it for a moment by flexing my fingers.

The best way to describe it was ten seconds of fingerpainting. Find a surface, and start applying either of two effects until time runs out. The first, which I was temporarily labelling 'Direct' would paint little arrows in a direction of my choosing and attempt to drag the surface and anything touching it in that direction - and 'Repel' would apply crosses and just... well. Repel things. It didn't apply to the object it was attached to, or allow for a set direction on its own - it was closer to a trampoline-like effect on the covered surface, Repel had notably more force behind it than Direct - but, equally, Direct could continually apply to the target while Repel would swiftly expel and therefore stop affecting whatever happened to touch it. Whichever one I chose, a second activation of the ability would kickstart the effect, at which point it would steadily wind down as it stayed out of my line of sight until the power was gone and therefore ready to be used again. The more shapes I applied at once, the stronger the effect - as many as I could apply in ten seconds was the limit I had found.

Which would be great, if I could apply enough of either of those effects to move a human body forcefully through the air. As it is, it's closer to the kind of stiff wind that sends tables and chairs bouncing down the street - something that you can plant your feet, grit your teeth and hold in place if you put in the effort. Skidmark was several times stronger than that with less set-up if he focused his power correctly. I've got nothing. Nothing save for some hare-brained solution of steadily stripping off more of my clothes to use as a Clockblocked platform, float upwards by repelling my shadow-state from the platform after guessing the exact three seconds that the Clockblocked object would fail - and then reapply yet another platform to stand on and use as a secondary repel, assuming I even got it back in time. A clunky solution, even ignoring the insane luck I would need. And the entire time, I would be in plain sight of Skidmark the instant he even glanced in my direction - and he pretty much had to be circling his bunker by default, so it was only a matter of time.

And then there were my Tinker powers.

I haven't really had the chance to experiment with my newfound Tinker powers much. Mostly because they don't seem well-suited to me just... building something myself. Great for collaboration, great for outright stealing designs and recreating them in a flash once I had the materials - but then the design was gone and I needed to find another. Or recreate the plans again - which, in the case of the relatively simple mecha-blade I pinched from Leet, wouldn't be hard - but without the mech to attach it to, it didn't really have the same value.

The idea of me just sitting down with some scrap and scraping together a working piece of artillery to blow that bunker to smithereens just wasn't going to happen for the time being. Not until I got more specialisations under my belt. Leet's power could add an 'interesting' effect to whatever I built, but trying to Tinker solely with that power meant creating every single component piece with that power, rather than just putting the final product together. That was a dozen extra 'quirks' to account for in the design, a spiralling loop that demanded more and more time if I wanted something that wouldn't kill me when I hit the real-life equivalent of a natural one. Nothing that couldn't be fixed with a few hours or days of research and designing... but then, what should I make? What was the one design that would make the effort worthwhile, taking my combat prowess - or my progress elsewhere - to the next level? That was the struggle.

...I should take Leet up on her offer sooner rather than later. It wasn't just about the possibility of challenging Uber and potentially appeasing whatever power was restricting progress on Leet - but I needed to work out ways of getting value out of my Tinker powers. In theory, they were the most flexible powers that I had - but it was just hard to find a way to put them to use. Too many annoying restrictions, too much time needed to invest - if I could offload the design work to Leet, request the designs to be limited to a certain kind of easy-to-acquire base materials and load my Tinker power with a ready-to-print design that could help on a patrol... or, even a challenge? Did designs carry over into the simulations? Maybe. I should test it, if I managed to get my way into Squealer's workshop.

I pause at that. Right. Squealer was here. Well, not in this simulation specifically - but somewhere around where I am in real life. Maybe that was the trick that I was missing here. I needed to propel myself up and over the walls? What better way than by making use of a transport Tinker? Even if I couldn't exactly just steal a design outright without being noticed, if I gained a specialisation from it like I did with Leet... surely a simple contraption - some wheels, a ramp, a glider of some sort - wouldn't be too difficult? It didn't need to be amazing, even a non-Tinkertech tool to help my glide would 'almost' be enough if not for the extra height I needed to gain. A tool specialised for the task? Getting myself up and over would be a complete walk in the park.

Viable. Although, not helpful in clearing this challenge immediately.

Then, for this challenge - even if the odds of success were low - I needed to get a better understanding of what was inside the bunker. How Skidmark would want to fight. The kind of weapons he had access to. And that meant walking through the front door. Even if it was obviously a trap, simply knowing what the trap was could help. Was it something I could weaponise against him? Was it something he might use against me once I actually got inside? Did he secretly have reinforcements in there watching the door, that might come to help him once I drop in?

None of those questions would get answered if he just shot me before I got halfway down the path to the front door. So, time to make my distraction. I hop into my speed-state and race to the opposite side of the bunker, circling out wide to ensure he didn't accidentally spot me moving. Three minutes of searching later, I have my distraction. A discarded wheel from a truck of some kind. The plan is simple. I load up Skidmark's powerset, I slap a bunch of arrows on it that would point it towards the barrier then activate it once I'm back on the opposite side of the map - and either Skidmark sees the movement and attacks, or he hears the thunderous noise that the wheel makes as it hits the barrier and bounces off to slam into the glass windows of the buildings behind it. Either way, he'd definitely be looking if my first attempt meant anything. Meanwhile, I race through the front door and hopefully punch him in the face and win.

Hopefully.

Test run. I activate Skidmark's power, jabbing my finger all over the side and outer rim of the tire. Honestly, this should pick up speed pretty quickly - that was one of the upsides of my power compared to Skidmark's because my fields essentially were stuck to the object, they wouldn't lose their pushing force once they left the starting line. They would keep going faster until either the power started to fade, or until air resistance and friction matched the accelerating force of the object in question.

Activate. I issue the mental command. The tire springs to life, moving under its own power - and then, just as quickly, grinds to a halt.

In a second, it's obvious what the problem was. "It's a circle. It rotates, and all the arrows are pointing down now." I clasp my head with my hands. "Sounds really obvious when I say it out loud." In fairness, my testing had primarily involved pushing boxes along a street and throwing people off of buildings.

I look away, letting the power dwindle to nothing after a minute of increasingly weak wobbles. If anyone else had seen me do that, I would be mortified. That was the kind of flop that got memed about on PHO for years on end. That could have been the end for me and my reputation online. But now I knew. And, the more I thought about it - the more I could see the value in it. I could still get the shoving effect on a flatter surface that wouldn't spin around - but this would let me power gears and wheels in the future. My in-the-works glider could have a bunch of forward-facing arrows attached to it, and it wouldn't screw with the steering or controls in any way.

Hell, if I could find a ranged weapon with a large enough bolt - I could extend the range massively without ever sacrificing stability, so long as the arrows were straight. Or a melee weapon that could swing or thrust with unexpected force at the flick of a switch - the delayed-activation nature of the power meant that I could set it up far in advance on something of my choosing, then activate it mid-fight after cycling through my other powers as needed.

I reapply the arrows again, this time pointing each of them into the next, following the curve of the wheel to ensure that it would rotate, rather than complete a quarter-revolution and then fruitlessly hammer into the ground. This time, it shoots off like a rocket - slamming into a nearby wall and then spinning flat on the ground ceaselessly until I let it fade away once more. I might have a bit of trouble keeping it in a straight line for the real deal, but it didn't really matter if it was slightly off-target - any slight touch of the massive kinetic fields that acted as walls would be sufficient to send it flying and attract Skidmark's attention.

Distraction set-up and operational, I race back to the entrance. No sign that Skidmark had noticed anything abnormal yet. I mentally send the signal to activate Skidmark's power. I had a choice here. Speed-state, and be faster and more likely to dodge - at the expense of being frozen in place once I left, with potentially lethal consequences? Or, don't use the speed-state, be slower - but be able to use Glory Girl's forcefield, my shadow-state charges, my Clockblocking effect, Vista's space warping and spawning my ash clone right on top of my opposition inside the bunker.

Considering the weight of powers on one side, and my general dislike of Velocity, it feels like it should be a clear choice. But, that singular speed power meant a lot. Even if it made me fragile, it would turn the likely perilous series of traps into a simple blitz that might not even have time to trigger given my comparative lack of mass and sheer speed.

But then I'd be inside, locking eyes with Skidmark - and faced with the reality that I couldn't damage him, but the tiniest application of his power would absolutely hurtle me in any way he liked. And if I dropped the powerset, I'd be frozen long enough for him to just throw me aside with ease anyway. With his power, giving him those brief moments to work with was the worst thing that I could do. In the previous challenge, I'd seen how fast he could fling me around if he concentrated his power in a small area - I'd be hurled outside and turned into a relativistic missile before I could so much as twitch a finger.

No speed-state then. If it wasn't for the added vulnerability of the form, I would try just wrapping myself around his body to try and outlast the forced paralysis - but I needed to focus on my core objectives. I wasn't aiming for the single-percent chance of winning, I was fact-finding. And that meant triggering these traps, and yes, probably dying horribly - all for the sake of making sure that my next attempt would go off without a hitch. Assuming I beat Squealer, that is. If not... well. I guess I'd have to try and see how far my own somewhat lacking engineering talents and Leet's Tinker abilities could take me in an area as beaten-down as this. Not far, I suspected - maybe if it was something I had some amount of innate talent at, but my crafting abilities were sadly restricted to the computer screen so leaning on Tinker powers was all I really had.

A thundering, crashing sound erupts in the distance - a mere second later, Skidmark acts exactly as expected by firing in the general direction that the noise came from. He couldn't see me, but that wasn't a problem with the firepower he was packing. I could already hear the distant rumble of buildings collapsing in on themselves between bursts of fire, and if I had actually been anywhere around there - I would be dead. But I'm not. I was in completely the opposite direction, sprinting for my life down the suspiciously empty corridor that his fields had left as an entrance.

Glory Girl's forcefield tanks the first hit from a hidden landmine, and I invest a charge from my shadow state into gliding past suspiciously disturbed patches of earth before I land on the paved surface of the actual entrance. The firing had stopped already, even before I had triggered the mine - which meant that he'd spotted me, or maybe had some kind of motion sensor? No, if that was the case - why hadn't he spotted me immediately in the first attempt when I was testing his fields? He would have no reason to set up one but not the other.

I bound over the tripwire at the doorway, memories of Parian's tricks making me paranoid at the glimmer found at ankle level. This was dangerous, and it had taxed some of my defensive measures - but perhaps this wasn't as terrible an approach as I had expected.

Then Skidmark arrives. Even if the entrance doesn't have any of his zones covering it, he still has a firing position at the centre of the room. He levels a pistol at me, three shots ringing out as I turn to shadow - and then take a moment to cower behind my Clockblocked-shirt, held loosely in front of me as a shield. My ash clone surges into life a few metres ahead of me, instantly dispelled in a single shot - and just as instantly reforming again. Good. Let him waste ammo and effort on that. I needed my shadow state charges back to close the gap, and the more he focused on my clone - the less likely he would be to just wall me out with a more focused use of his power.

And then I'm on fire.

Or, everything around me is on fire. I'm mostly okay myself, save for the torrent of fire pouring around every crease and crumple of the time-locked fabric in front of me - spilling onto the ground at my feet and racing off into the distance behind me. The momentary shift into my shadow state to simply process what the hell just happened costs me a precious charge, but I do get enough of an intangible glance during a brief pause in the assault to see that - yes. Skidmark just has a flamethrower sitting there. And not just a little one, but a true belcher of a contraption that was pouring out burning liquid at a riotous pace. The range on that must be absurd, given how light the 'cargo' was - the effect of his power could probably extend the range all the way down the street with ease. A true road of fire for anyone wanting to take the front door while Skidmark was in position to spot them. It showed my distraction had value, at least.

A series of explosions rips out behind me, the sea of flames setting off every explosive I'd dodged on the way in and then more traps that I'd escaped by simple blind luck. I ignore the lances of pain across my body. Shrapnel. Fragmentation grenades. Not lethal. Or, not yet - at least. Not enough to stop one foot from moving in front of the other, not enough to knock me unconscious - and therefore, not something that would stop me. It didn't matter if I was only going to bleed out in sixty seconds, so long as the adrenaline kept me going for now. More traps trigger ahead of me, their effects not even visible thanks to the torrent of fire blocking any view past my impromptu shield. Irrelevant. I was too close for that to be a problem now, I had freedom of movement once my shadow state charges returned - straight up, left, right, even down into the ground to spring up at him from below. I had options... so long as he wasn't looking at me to apply his power and send me flying to my death. That was what my clone was for. To be a distraction.

A task that it was failing at.

As for why? It wasn't because it was gone or dispelled. It wasn't even being suppressed by his power in the corner somewhere, which would have been perfectly understandable. It was jumping at him... and simple bouncing off. The sullen green glow of his Cape told the story. I didn't know he could do that, that was... horrible news, actually. If he could just deflect me at will, I'd need to land on him from above and snap his neck as the very first move of the fight in order to win. Now that was always my intention but... I'd been hoping that I would be heavily favoured in the melee if I could get that far.

I shift to Vista, shrinking space at an angle - shrinking the air at the entrance of the bunker to allow the solid walls to act as a shield instead. Not quite as effective as the original power would have been, Vista could have expanded the walls rather than shrinking the gap, an important distinction that would have blocked it off completely - but this version wasn't quite perfect. I couldn't shrink it so perfectly as to close the entrance entirely, or just raise the floor or widen the walls directly like the real Vista could - but it was at least enough that the splash of his weapon couldn't nearly splatter harmlessly around my shield - instead, it was settling on the ground of his own fortress. The smoke and rising flames would force him to stop, even if this place didn't seem flammable enough for him to actually need to escape.

"What a fucking pain." I grouse, a heavy tension in my voice that I know comes from raw, unadulterated agony. My feet are burning. No, worse than burning. Burnt. I'd already gone past the stage of being able to identify actual feedback from them anymore, which was a good thing - acknowledging the phantom screaming from that part of my body and actually looking at the damage was the worst thing that I could do. I could still stand, that was enough. Everything would be reset once I won or lost here. I just needed to do my best.

Fine then. Even if grappling was out, he'd made a kill-zone himself. Simply knocking him into his own fields would be utterly lethal, regardless of any defensive measures he took. The moment I judge that I have enough cover from the smoke, I dive sideways into the wall with my shadow state, then upwards - erupting from halfway up the wall with a flying punch from what I was hoping was his blind spot. I didn't need much. He was manton-limited, as long as I made contact with his skin, I could convert any hit or daze into a full-bodied throw.

Unfortunately, he must have predicted the move or had already utterly neutralised my ash clone. He's locked onto me from the second I emerge. Surprisingly, Skidmark doesn't backpedal. Or dodge. Or try to retarget either of his guns. Or even to just use his power to send me flying with ease. Instead, he seems to welcome the blow - one hand rising up to meet me in exchange.

Perhaps it's the rustling of air beating against my face in a room that should have been perfectly still, perhaps it's a honed battle instinct - but I realise that I'm dead a full second before it happens. I should have been more patient, recharged Glory Girl's power while Vista brought me time - because as I'm falling, I have just enough time to realise that the back of Skidmark's gloved hand should be black instead of green - and that if he could apply his power to his Cape in a pinch, then why couldn't he apply it to his lone glove for hours on end?

FAILURE​

I don't even register the sensation of his glove touching my face. Instead, I skip straight to an out-of-body experience to watch my headless body slump to the ground - a bloody trail in the air indicating the direction that my head had been blasted in by a field the exact strength of the impenetrable walls that surrounded this place. If I squinted, I could just about make out the dot in the distance slowly falling out of its arc - and then the simulation starts to shut down.

"...he could do that the entire time?" I eventually mutter, still in half-disbelief at the fact. On one hand, it still felt a little embarrassing to lose to Skidmark again - but I was also feeling pretty vindicated right now. My years of battleboarding hadn't gone to waste. Once I beat up Skidmark and reformed him into a cute girl, I would have so much ammunition to go into old powerscaling threads with proof that I was right the entire time.

"-the fuck are you gawking at?" I barely refrain from wrinkling my nose. Still. 'Cute girl' was one thing that the current Skidmark was certainly not. Odious, repulsive and undeniably dangerous - not because of any threat that he might use his power like the bloodlusted simulation had, but because he was violent and unhinged even before the drugs in his system had anything to say about it. "Get moving, shit for brains."

"Yes, boss." I mime a salute and catch up with him where I'd fallen behind.

That application of his power... could I do that? Was I a Brute now? I'd already considered the possibility of enhanced weaponry, but I'd just assumed that the Manton limit would cover clothing in the same way that Clockblocker's did - and I hadn't really had the opportunity to test it to find out anything to the contrary. Assuming I could do that... well. I'd have to commit to either offence or defence. The nature of the power encouraged stacking effects as much as possible over the same area, there was no point slowing down a punch by 5% all over my body - but if a small bit of preparation could turn a gloved fist into a point-blank kinetic blast at will - or if I could turn a bracer into something capable of warding off retaliatory blows to defend one side of my body...

Lots of potential. I'd overlooked the potential in the first level of his power, assuming that I would need further challenges to get anything seriously useful. I wouldn't quite be able to match Skidmark's feat. My current power wouldn't let me stack effects to that extent, but if I concentrated everything into a small surface area - I already knew how lethal a normal punch could be in the right place. The ability to send someone flying into a wall, or off a roof, that could win fights all on its own.

"You." Skidmark finally makes his way to the 'bar', if that's what you could call the hastily set-up area. "You. What the fuck is this?" A glass is swept off the counter and hurled into the man's face. He reels back, his face a mask of confusion as the glass shatters on the ground.

"Who-, uh, Skidmark." The man's instinctual surge of anger dies out as recognition dawns in his eyes. "Can I, uh, help you?"

"Don't act any more stupid than you already are." He gestures at the shattered glass and the droplets of liquid pooling on the floor next to crates of plastic-wrapped boxes. "Who put you up to this?"

"I- I don't know what you mean." The bartender is quick to shake his head. "Is there a problem? I can pass on feedback to our suppliers-"

"Problem?" Skidmark laughs, and the sound grates at my ears. "The problem is that this shit's not even close to what we paid for. You think I'm stupid, huh? Think I can't tell if somebody's trying to screw me over? Someone starts serving basic shit as soon as Skidmark throws a party for all the big names in the Merchants, it obviously reflects badly on me. So. Who put you up to it? Give me names."

The man shakes his head. "I don't- I haven't a clue what you-"

Skidmark makes a gesture to me. A simple, to-the-point motion that leaves no room for argument about what he wants. Violence. Fortunately, it's something I have no problem with providing. After all, regardless of this guy's position - he was a gang member too. Profiteering off of drugs and crime... and I fully intended on breaking the gang as a whole today if I could. What did it matter if I took one of them out a little early for the boss?

The man doesn't seem to register my presence until I've already slid over the counter and my fist is already buried into his gut before he realises the danger. I kick him back into the wall behind him, just to get him away from any easily-reachable weapons - then put him into a textbook arm-lock and slam him down onto the counter to face Skidmark. Four seconds from start to end. And I made it look good in the process. Smooth.

"Nice. Real nice." It's the only thing Skidmark says to me before leaning down to the restrained man's level. "Now. Let's try again. Who? Don't think I don't know how much you get paid for these jobs. Trying to slide by with bargain-bin replacements. It's been a while since I found someone brave enough to try something so stupid." I shift in place as Skidmark presses the man's face into the table harshly. "We're the fucking Merchants. Watered down horsepiss, cutting my shit with your own garbage - you think I don't know my own product? I own the Merchants. I own you. And you thought you could get one over on me?" His hissed whisper turns into a roar. "Me?!"

The man tries to meet my eyes with a pleading gaze. I shrug at him. Sorry. I don't care about other dudes. Maybe if I had my costume on and a reputation to maintain, but even if Skidmark killed him right here and now - I don't think it would bother me even a little. I'd done worse to people less deserving of it. Inter-gang conflict didn't mean anything to me. There was a difference between real life and my simulations, true - but I couldn't go around policing the entire world. I needed to focus on myself. On not blurring the lines between easily-killing in simulations and becoming a crazed murderer in real life. If the gangs kept killing each other, that was normal. Natural, even.

And, fine. There was an element of hypocrisy in play. If he was a chick, or at least a good person in general - sure. I'd try and go to bat for them. But when I weighed this guy's safety and comfort against the possibility of new powers, or against suborning the Merchant's leadership entirely, or against simply the possibility that I would get a glimpse of the challenges I needed to overcome to beat the various Capes under the Merchant banner? He came up short. Far short. It just wasn't worth the possibility of getting kicked out of the party for siding with someone that was clearly out of favour with Skidmark.

And, besides. I was indirectly helping the guy anyway. Skidmark would probably be a whole lot more agreeable after a few more challenges.

Skidmark makes a gesture to me. Not sure what that one means, but I can guess. I slam the guy's head on the counter a few times. He struggles, making a sudden attempt to escape only for me to down him again. Not a fighter. Not even particularly fit. Thin, but not a drop of muscle. Like I used to be, not too long ago. The attempt to struggle was only making it harder for me to go easy on him, but I couldn't exactly tell him that...

Or, maybe I didn't need to? Really, what was going to happen here if I let this play out as expected? He scrounges around, begs and pleads - Skidmark flexes his authority and beats the guy within an inch of his life or has him killed, and then goes back to his recliner chair. I didn't want that. Not with the current state of his challenge. Disrupting the schedule wouldn't be a bad thing, so a bit of instigating wouldn't go amiss. Maybe I can help the guy out a little, he clearly didn't have any good answers for this interrogation - and maybe I could twist his words a little if he wasn't able to answer at all.

I wait for the guy to rise again before making a clean connection on his chin. He crumples like paper and falls to the ground in a limp heap.

"Not going to get any answers like that." Skidmark sneers at me. "You got ahead of yourself. Think a little bit."

"My bad." I affect an embarrassed look. "But I mean, you didn't really need answers from him, right? He was kind of upfront about it." Maybe this was risky. A bit too forward, but there wasn't a point in just following Skidmark around if he just enjoyed the party. I needed Squealer and Mush.

Skidmark stares at me humourlessly. "Yeah? Got it all figured out?" I shift slightly as a steady weight presses down on my shoulders. Was that his power pushing downwards on me? My version of his power didn't do that. I'd need another surface to play off of. This was... kind of cool actually. If the effect was stronger, you could have a pretty epic intimidation scene with people falling to their knees under the weight of your pressure... but in this case, it was somewhat ruined by the fact that I could step two steps to the left and undo all of his hard work. Not that I should do that. Skidmark's ego was my golden ticket around this place. Making him look like an idiot, no matter how easy it would be for his non-challenge self - would ruin everything at this point.

I glance around, noting the party guests suddenly keeping themselves busy. Probably used to violent outbursts, probably expecting me to be his new target. But that conspicuous silence suited me. Because I'd wager that I knew more about this organisation than most of the members. I might not have gotten the kind of information I wanted from my interrogations so far, but it seemed that the apparent information embargo on their Capes in the challenges didn't extend to petty inter-gang politics. Skidmark didn't exactly trust me, but he trusted everyone else even less.

"Yeah, I mean - he only had to get it past you, right? There's what, two hundred people in this building and none of them noticed or complained that you're getting worse fare than the free shit outside? That's bullshit and you know it. He knew they wouldn't say anything, because it reflects badly on you and how well you control the gang." The pressure doubles. The blank expression on his face is eerie. Unnatural. I know that he's as high as a kite, but somehow - he looks more sober than anyone in this room. "The Merchant's never used to be led by Capes, right? All these guys - they all know that they'll never get powers, which means that they know that they'll never be able to move up in the gang while you're around. If people start getting shit by you, if they can nudge their colleagues with a knowing wink at what you've missed this time - maybe enough people start thinking that they need another kind of leader."

"I can tell you've really been thinking about this." Skidmark leans down towards me as the pressure pushes me down into the counter. I make a good show of looking like I'm struggling, but in truth - it hasn't progressed far past the point of being uncomfortable yet. I'd wager he doesn't have a great understanding of how strong his power should be over this kind of area after this length of time, so a bit of extra theatrics to make him feel like he was getting his point across was perfectly fine. "And I'm sure it makes all the sense in the world to you. Except you missed something. Capes are what keeps the Merchants relevant. Nobody's stupid enough to think that some shithead with a few guns is going to hold ground or defend their labs. You won't find a thug out there that will come and square up to Hookwolf or Stormtiger when they come knocking. You're right that they're all ambitious, slimy little cunts - but they're all realists as well. Without me and Squealer, and the new guy too - there's no more Merchants."

"Don't disagree with that." I allow. "I know that. You know that. And even the guys outside know that. But how does it look to the wannabe-big-shots in here? Squealer hasn't shown her face all night, only comes out when it's action time. The new guy is around somewhere, didn't even show his face when you called. Those two aren't leaders, and they aren't loyal to you- they don't appear loyal to you-" I hasten to correct. "-to the guys in here. They're not thinking that it's you and those two as a unit, they're thinking that if they can get enough support to oust you or knock you down a peg, or worst case, get rid of you entirely - those two will just fall in line to the next guy that calls the shots."

"You've got a real way of belching out bullshit in a way that sounds reasonable, you know that?" Skidmark rolls his shoulders. "But even if it's bullshit, that's how this looks to a guy like you? That's good to know. It's easy to lose touch with the little guys sometimes." I try my best not to look affronted at that. He looks out at the party, already back in full swing as if nothing had ever happened. "You're completely wrong, of course - but the fact that you think it sounds reasonable is something to consider. See, people in here hate me, but they're too smart to actually do anything about it - save for trying to line their own pockets at my expense." He casts a derisive look down at the man unsteadily returning to wakefulness next to me. "I can respect that. We're all crooks here. Only the shit ones get caught. The good ones get promoted. But the ones out there... well. You were with them not too long ago, you know that those fuckers don't have a lick of sense to them."

I nod eagerly. "A real show of force would be a good reminder to everyone."

"Shut it." He growls at me. "Didn't ask for your input." He looks around. "But maybe you're onto something. It's worth a talk with Squealer. We're a real force now. Can't have people thinking she's just a glorified taxi. Finding the right moment to show off wouldn't be a bad idea at all." He nods slowly. "Yeah. I'll do that right now." He starts to walk away, towards a guarded door at the far end of the building.

"Great!" I enthuse, sliding back over the counter to fall in behind him.

"And when the fuck did I say that you were coming with me?" Skidmark turns on me immediately. I curse silently. Too keen? No. He'd told me to follow him from the outset, he'd turned too quickly for it to be anything other than a planned move to flex his authority again. He probably hadn't liked my blabbering earlier, even if he took it onboard in the end. This was just a dick move to assuage his sensitive ego in front of his gang. "You think Squealer wants to talk to a nobody like you? Maybe you even have a bit of a crush on her and think you might get lucky after your hot streak today? No. And not just because I don't trust you enough, but even if I did, there'd be no benefit to bringing you. I can barely tolerate groupies like you because you can follow orders. Squealer won't even see that small amount of value in you. You've got nothing to offer her compared to me, so all you'll be is a starstruck leech and a reminder of why she rarely shows her face at these events. You don't get to come in. End of story, fuckhead."

Skidmark's grin intensifies as I try to keep the flash of rage from my face. Did I let my feelings slip there? Or was he reading something else into it? Probably both. This was a power play to him. Him stepping in and reminding the hotblooded newcomer that everything I liked, came with his approval. I'd been a bit too obvious about my desire to see Squealer in my haste to get the ball rolling, and while I'd possibly achieved my goal in disrupting Skidmark and getting him involved with his Capes more - not being there with him when he did that... really screwed over my plans.

God. Once this was all over, and I could just invade this entire camp with Taylor and punch him in the face for all the irritation and insults? That was going to be so satisfying. He seems to have made up his mind, even if only to spite me. But it didn't seem like he was actively trying to kick me out either, which left me... unsupervised. And our talk wasn't exactly a loud one in the din of the party hall. It's not like anyone knew that Skidmark was trying to flex his ego on me.

"I'll find a way to make myself useful then." I smile cheerily, ignoring the dismissive look before he takes his leave. I stand around absently until he disappears through the door.

Showtime. I cross the room. The partygoers tended to be useless, and the 'staff' had been in their positions for hours at this point. But the guards were on a rotation. Anyone in here must have gone around the majority of the site at one point or another.

"You." I march up to the closest one. "Where is Mush?"

"What's it to you?" The guard sneers back. "The fuck do I look like, a tour guide?" He tries to push me back, only for me to step into him. "Get out of my face, got better things to do than listen to some snot-nosed little shit trying to play tourist."

"Are you stupid?" I lean forward. Glory Girl's shield was up, so I had a safeguard in case his first instinct was to shoot for some reason. Escaping afterwards would be interesting, but it was better than dying mid-bluster because I tried intimidating the wrong guy. "I've been running errands for Skidmark all afternoon. Everyone saw that he wanted Mush out there earlier, you just saw him go in to chat to Squealer - what exactly do you think he asked me to do for me to still be out here with you morons? Do you want to be the one that tells Skidmark you didn't think his problems were important enough to pay attention to? I'll point him your way the second he gets back, I'm fine with that. It's your funeral." The man shifts at that, donning an uncomfortable expression. "It's not like I'm asking for money. Point me in his direction and I'll be gone."

"Listen." The guard raises his hands in mock surrender, losing some of the restrained aggression he had originally. "He never said anything to us about pointing anyone towards the Capes. He usually doesn't like that kind of thing."

I roll my eyes. "Obviously. The only other Cape for ages was Squealer - obviously they wouldn't want any nosy little shit in the Tinker's workshop, they'd probably blow us all up by touching the wrong button. But now we've all got a new Cape, and that Cape doesn't spend all their time Tinkering and doesn't come when he calls - it's obvious that the two need different rules and treatment."

"To be fair, Skidmark never told us not to say anything about the new guy. And he's kind of right. Someone catches Squealer alone, not much she can do about that unless she's got her ride - but Skidmark and Squealer needed the tank to square up to Mush when they were recruiting him. If some random guy tries anything funny they'll just get squashed flat." The guard next to him pipes up. The wild look in this one's eyes and the overly-cheerful, talkative attitude tells me that he is nowhere near as sober as he should be. "Who cares? Listen, kid. That Mush guy, he's a bit of a weirdo. I dunno exactly where he is, but I hear he practically lives in an actual dump. We've got some low-standards for the guys out there, but I doubt someone like that is going to spend much time hanging around these halls without someone complaining. Hygiene is a thing, right?"

The first guard frowns. "Yeah, I haven't seen him. I did overhear someone complaining that he scared the shit out of them when they were throwing away the trash out back. Maybe that's just his thing? Swapping out one pile of trash for another? I don't see the appeal myself, but if he is out there it would explain why we haven't seen him."

"And why he didn't answer Skidmark. Doubt he can hear the mic properly from all the way back there." The second guard nods. "Probably going to regret that choice. Skidmark's gotta be fuming about that."

A shrug. "He's new. He'll work it out."

"Well, Skidmark must have wanted him for a reason - so maybe he'll find out sooner rather than later." I lie. "Anyway. Trash man in the trash heap, makes sense." I nod. "Makes sense. Which way is that?"

The guard jerks a thumb over his shoulder. "Leave the building, circle around to the back - there's a gap in the fence. We're using a spot a little past that as a dumping ground for this party."

"And how do I get back in here?" I glance at the pair of guards at the entrance meaningfully. "Some kind of pass, or...?"

"Only reason you got in here last time was because Skidmark dragged you with him. The guards will never let you in on your own." The second guard shakes his head. "I'd say, just make sure you come in with Mush. He's recognisable enough that nobody will blink if you are with him - otherwise, you won't get past the door."

The pair grin at me with a bit too much amusement in their gaze. "Probably for the best too. Because if you don't come back with Mush in tow, then Skidmark will be mighty-pissed with you instead. I'd just forget about coming back at that point and hoping Skidmark is too high to remember what your face looks like. Go blend into the crowd and enjoy the free shit for the night. Maybe take a pass at one of the callgirls on the way out."

"I'll find them, but the advice is appreciated." I wave them off.

Nobody stops me from leaving, but the stern gaze of the door guards as I pass them is enough to prove the words of my 'colleagues' true. If I had to guess... not everyone appreciated that Skidmark had extended an invitation so easily. Or, perhaps I'd hurt or crippled some of their friends in the ring - or simply caused them to lose money betting on my opponents. Something about getting ideas above my station or something like that. If I came back, I'm sure they would bar my path - but I doubted it would have anything to do with their usual practices, more of a rare opportunity to knock an arrogant hotshot down a peg.

But that's fine. I'd just find Mush, and drag the man with me to see Skidmark. Maybe even get him to take me to Squealer directly if they were still talking. I could act like I was just being dragged along, and I'd have all three challenges to progress all at once. If I got a few challenges, it wasn't crazy to think that I could ingratiate myself with Skidmark enough to hang out with them all evening. I'd have to tell my two teammates that the attack wasn't going to happen, but the possibility of practically owning the Merchants via their Cape leaders was a worthy prize when weighed against the potential irritation of Sophia and Taylor.

Just... had to find them. The guidance had been pretty vague, and it takes me a solid minute of searching through the fading light at the back of the building to find a worn trail through a half-torn-down fence - presumably this was the path that I was supposed to be following. The instructions hadn't been clear past that point, but I could only assume that I couldn't miss my destination if I just followed the beaten trail in a vaguely straight line.

An incorrect assumption. This entire part of town was basically a dumping ground. No wonder the Merchants had felt safe setting-up shop here. I glance around at my surroundings as I pace past a half-dozen likely candidate locations.

Mush

Merchant Affiliate 1/5

(HUNT)​

I stop dead, keeping my gaze firmly locked in place - as if the challenge box might fade away to nothing if I glanced to the side. Which, for all I knew, it might.

Because I didn't see anyone right now.

I was pretty sure I was just looking at a mound of rubbish.

Slowly, I look to the left. Some knocked-over bins. But more importantly...

Mush

Merchant Affiliate 1/5

(HUNT)​

...also registering as 'Mush'.

As far as my interrogations had been able to gather, Mush was a Changer - but more in the, shaker kind of variety. Changer in terms of threat, but shaker in terms of mechanics. They form tendrils of power to pull trash and loose debris to themselves to bulk themselves up with the worst kind of power armour I've ever seen. Was my power identifying anything that Mush currently had control over, as his actual body? That was interesting. And, I suppose, not entirely unusual. It wasn't like I needed to lay eyes on skin specifically - full-body costumes and partial-glimpses of a person were enough to work with. Really, if all of this trash was something that would move with Mush the moment he flexed a muscle, what made it so different to seeing Armsmaster in power armour? A larger gap than normal between the 'main' body and what I was looking at? My power didn't seem to care.

And I wasn't going to complain. Not only did it tell me that I was actually in the right place, it meant that I didn't have to go searching for the kind of dangerous hobo that was the type to actually want to hang around here. In the heart of his power, no less. He was probably on drugs, and regardless of my escape options - I didn't want to test out how fast and hard he could weaponise the trash-laden streets around me.

"Challenge." I whisper.

HUNT was a simple modifier. Once he saw me, he got a free 'radar' on me for the rest of the round. I'd never be able to lose him or sneak up on him, no matter the distance.

But fortunately, it wasn't paired with ALRT. He didn't get the 'free' alert at the start to aggro him on me, which meant that - until I was spotted naturally - his modifier wouldn't do a thing. And even when it did, so long as I didn't intend on running away - it wouldn't help him there either.

Our new arena seems to be much like the street we were on in real life. Run-down buildings, trash sprawled across the street and the general lack of care that just summed up the 'bad' side of Brockton Bay. My first priority is to slither my way directly up onto a rooftop. My optimal start here would be to get the jump on him, and that meant staying out of his line of sight and certainly not touching any trash that he might have under his control - incorporated into his personal armour yet or not. I knew from personal experience that the rooftops of the Bay tended to be pretty clean in that respect, and it was rare to start a challenge on a street and have the target hiding out inside a random house unless they had obvious guards. Most likely, Mush was lurking in his natural habitat. Just needed to find him again, this time - without the benefit of my power lighting him up for me.

Easier said than done. But, if all else failed - simply making enough of a ruckus would have him shambling towards me with murder in his eyes. I'd lose the chance to ambush him, but that wasn't a guaranteed loss. I was actually kind of confident - but, not so confident that I'd throw away a potential edge. If Mush became hostile to my continued presence in real life, this might be one of the only easy chances I had to make him 'friendly' - to say nothing of the fact that I might never get back into the party to link up with Skidmark and Squealer.

Just needed to find the guy, preferably without leaving the rooftops and exposing myself. I was confident enough by now that people never really looked up unless you made too much noise, and this challenge had been fortunate enough to include the thrum of distant traffic and chirping of birds. I wasn't worried about a single footstep being detected from across the street, as some challenges loved to do to me.

Of course, I had a plan. An idea. I could probably assume that he was sitting in a trash mound somewhere. Maybe a dumpster. Whatever.

See, part of the fun of spending too much time on PHO was theorycrafting about the absolute limits of powers. The points where they manifested, the ways in which they arbitrarily hit their limits and stopped working. Usually, such discussions didn't go anywhere - but when I actually had the powers in hand to test, I had all sorts of ideas to actually test my powers on. Vista was a great example. The limts of this first level were clear on paper. I could only condense or stretch 'empty' space and air, one 'use' at a time, manton-limited, sight-based and the effect would slowly unravel on its own from the first second. Pretty simple.

But then you dig deeper. You look at examples of how it fails, why it fails - what it does when it fails for one reason versus another. And when answering the age-old question of 'Is it really Manton-limited or does it work if I don't actually know I'm affecting a human?' I had found an interesting discrepancy.

Attempt to pinch space with an object blocking the middle? The power takes effect only up until it hits the object. It pinches the half on this side, and then stops as if I had targeted the end point at the blocking object.

Try to pinch space with a human in the middle? Nothing. An instant failure. Something that I'd discovered pretty quickly when trying to weaponise Vista's power to help me sneak in punches with a bit of extra reach. Nothing stopped me from trying again, with a more specific target - but that split-second was crucial in a fight.

I digress. The point was that my power treated the 'errors' differently. Which meant that, so long as I could see and target a point beyond the trash cans and dumpsters my target was likely hiding in - I had a radar of sorts. If Vista's power attempted to pinch the air up to the target, my enemy wasn't inside. And if it failed completely? I had my man.

Finding the best angle to work with, I line my finger up to the first oversized pile of refuse waiting on the street, and give Vista's power a nudge. Just the slightest application. It would be terrible if I found the guy but blew my advantage by being too overt. I didn't need to shrink the distance in half, I just needed it to fail or not fail. The actual effect was as minimal as I could make it at this distance - and if I had to describe it, I would say that I was just applying italics to the air. Not too dissimilar to a simple summer haze, a slight distortion if you happened to look at the right angle - but you would sooner ascribe the fleeting, out-of-focus image to bleary eyes than an actual parahuman ability.

Of course, with the effect being so minimal - the effect was swiftly undone before I even lined the next target up. And for once, the simple fact that I couldn't affect a real substance directly was working to my benefit. He might notice if I started moving his trash around, but unless he started moving - he was never going to notice the tiny lines of slightly-off space hanging in the air, even if they were right next to him.

I rotate in a spiral, checking each waste pile, dumpster and discarded trash bin around me before moving on to ones further afield. It was slow going, but at the same time - fast enough to feel like I was making progress. And it wasn't like I needed to search the entire city. My challenges were pretty clear - I was supposed to fight and use my powers to do so, and it enabled and rewarded me when I did that. If the challenge wasn't based around finding someone that was actively hiding, then I could be assured that he would be somewhat close to me - in a way that I would stumble upon him in only a minute of actual travelling under normal circumstances. The situation had clearly been set up so that he didn't get immediate sight on me, as some challenges did, but I would wager that he hadn't started any more than a block away from me. A single loud noise from me would start the fight if I wanted.

But I didn't want that. I wanted the ambush. However long it took. I'd lost opportunities to impatience before, I wasn't going to let this be another of them.

It takes thirty-five minutes and relocating across the rooftops eight more times before Vista's power rejects me. Instantly, I snap back to attention and inspect the area properly. Two dumpsters stacked next to each other, one open, the other closed. A mound of discarded plastic bags stacked up on either side, spilling out into the street. It didn't look out of place for Brockton Bay, if I had to be honest, the bus drove past worse on the way into school every day - but knowing that Mush could weaponise those bags in some way? It looked suspicious even without Vista's power telling me that there was someone inside.

I target the left dumpster with Vista's power, aiming for a narrower area to work on than I had previously. This time it takes effect. Perfect. The power had never stopped me from delivering punches through distorted space that ended a mere inch away from an opponent's face, so I didn't need to be concerned about him blocking the power in an area around him. I could just keep targeting more specific areas until I had an exact position.

A flurry of further attempts narrows things down even more, although the fact that his power is clearly affecting the bags scattered around the edge complicates things. If I had to guess from my rather erratic readings, the tendrils he was connected by counted as his body as far as the Manton limit went - but the actual trash itself didn't unless each individual bit of trash was touching the tendril. So I could pepper each trash bag with laser-like uses of Vista's space warping to attempt to see if I could find a line where his tendrils didn't cover. If I found it, great - his main body wasn't there. If I didn't, if not a single space in the area from any angle would allow Vista's power to activate, then I've found my target.

It almost feels like cheating. In just a few minutes of trial and error, I could almost draw his outline at this point. He's not in either of the dumpsters, he's seated on the far side of the right-most dumpster, legs splayed out while covering himself in a few discarded cardboard boxes and a final layer of black waste bags. Completely hidden from the naked eye, but my power knew he was there. I'm not sure if people actually sleep in my challenges, but I'd guess that he was at least mimicking it. None of his tendrils extend into the dumpster, but three tendrils have made a trail across the ground and through his 'bedding' of choice.

Now. The question was... what should I do with that information? I was still yet to get much in the way of offensive powersets, but I had flexibility. If my version of the shadow state was the same as Sophia's, I would try to just phase something into his head after sneaking into the dumpster he was resting against - but my power was more aggressive at finding 'safe' spots to rearrange matter into than hers. I'd be more likely to break his neck as both my item and his head were forced to either side to make room, than the intended result of piercing his skull.

Still. There were other ways to take advantage of the fact that the target wasn't moving yet. I kneel down, setting Parian's power to work at unravelling my shirt. I needed string, and a bug to carry it. Just like I'd seen Taylor use in her challenges. My ash clone wouldn't work here, both because it would struggle to cross undetected and the simple fact that it couldn't root around in that pile of trash without starting the fight. But a bug? A bug could do it. Parian's power continues to unravel my shirt. One complete string, swiftly tied onto the next - an interaction that I'd discovered actually worked. One string tied onto another string was still just... string. The mass limit still applied, but so long as the string was suitably thin - that didn't seem to matter.

Which, did beg the question as to whether forming an actual Parian-style doll was actually possible, something I'd previously dismissed - but patience and string quality were the limiting factors there. Attempting to make something the size of my hand had taken the best part of an hour, and at some point in my weaving some small part of the string had snapped and rendered it all useless. Increasing the thickness only resulted in something even smaller as the end result. Suitable for a first-challenge reward, I suppose, but frustrating in its own way. But, also, completely fine. Because the most useful part of this power wasn't that I could make a relatively weak Parian doll, but that I could freely manipulate fine string like this. It had worked well for Taylor in her challenges, but I had an edge that she didn't.

I set the nearest bug as my administrator and set it loose, its wings beating frantically as the string flutters in the breeze behind it - attached as tightly as I dared without crushing or crippling it. The wind looks set to knock it off course, but slowly, surely, the efforts of my insect friend are rewarded. Landfall, right on top of my soon-to-be victim. It works its way through the trash pile, never daring to get too close to the actual body or the tendrils spreading out from it. The tiniest of cracks between one discarded item and the next serving as what may as well have been an open highway for the tiny creature - regardless of the ridiculously long trail it was leaving behind it. Over, around, even underneath the sleeping figure - the string slowly disappears from view as it settles around the man like a noose.

An apt description, really. Because I'd made that bug an administrator for a reason.

Timing was important here, because that bug could die to any slight shifting of the man inside. So even if it was better if I were to be a bit closer in case this didn't go as expected... this would have to do. I stand, loosing a wordless yell in his direction as I issue my last command to the bug. In an instant, the string freezes - frozen in time via Clockblocker's power. In the next, the mass of trash surges upwards to a standing position anyway - and for a horrified moment, I consider the possibility that Mush had some power negation aspect to his powers.

And then the blood starts to slip down the vaguely-humanoid figure, still coated completely in trash. A mess of organs and viscera drip down and out of the 'armour', before the entire thing slumps forward - crashing into the web of sharpened string that had acted as razor wire once again.

SUCCESS​

Interesting. I hadn't fully expected him to die from that. I'd expected him to be completely immobilised, unable to even nudge a limb or see my eventual approach to execute the man - but it seems his Brute rating only went one way. He'd used his trash-body to propel himself upwards with all the force of a real Brute - only to slice himself to shreds with that very same movement.

Reward: Loose Material Attraction (1)​

Nice. Two powers for as many hours of work. And I might well make it a hat-trick before all was said and done. Even if it all went downhill from here, this was a good result.

But it could be better. The powers were individually different, unique - but the Merchants weren't really a powerhouse or anything. Maybe I'd figure out a useful trick for them like I had for Parian, but I was kind of just targeting them because... they were there. Sure, they were armed and dangerous - but there just wasn't the same level of threat as there was from picking a fight with Lung or the Empire. Who was scared of the Merchants holding a grudge? Nobody.

Mush

Merchant Affiliate 2/5

(HUNT) (ALRT)​

I eye the pile of trash again with a knowing look. Again, this was a trend I was starting to notice. My power let me find creative solutions sometimes, but often the next challenge would often take the cheap win next time and force me down a different route. I completely avoided fighting him last time, but my power wasn't going to let me do that again this time around. "Challenge."

Same starting location. Same time. Same everything. Second verse, same as the first.

Except, this verse had a distant clanging noise as the hulking, lumbering figure of my opponent careens around the corner and into view. Not quite the kaiju-esque size that the news reports had spoken of in his debut, but that could be for any number of reasons. This could be a version of him that hadn't learned that level of mastery yet, or he just didn't have enough materials around to weaponise - or perhaps even the quality of materials was important. Maybe a few random dumpsters and discarded furniture on the street just didn't have the materials that were most conducive to creating a large body compared to a more serious scrapyard or dumping ground.

I skitter away from a double-overhand blow that shatters the street beneath us with a webway of cracks.

At this size, I could take him - rather than needing to run into a tunnel to force him to shrink down, which would really be my only option if he he had started flinging entire dumpsters and buildings at me like PHO had suggested was possible. Nine, ten feet of rusted metal, padded with packed trash liners and enough wooden decorations that I was guaranteed to get a splinter or five if I even dared to touch him. Strength. Durability. But not speed. Not manoeuvrability. He was slow.

Or, no, that wasn't quite the word. The theoretical top speed was appropriately high for something lacking in true human limitations and being close to twice my size - the ground it could cover was significant in a straight line, given time, but that was all. Clunky. That was it. Every movement overexaggerated and telegraphed in advance by the sheer amount of movement the rest of his body had to make in advance. Every bag of trash, every discarded iron pole and plate in between his real body and his 'fist' had to move to allow the next part in line to move. Like getting a slow-mo picture of a boxer's chest muscles and footwork before the punch came out, I knew he was going to swing before he did.

But how did I fight that, exactly? Vista and Clockblocker were useful here, obviously. Vista already disoriented human-sized opponents, I could only imagine how effective it would be on someone trying to direct a limb to strike from even further away the action. I'd already been able to demonstrate how effective Clockblocker was, given that the faux-mech suit was perfectly capable of powering through time-locked razor-wire without realising the lethal effect until too late. But I'd only get one chance to show that skill off, he'd certainly be more cautious if I failed to kill him and he simply needed to re-attach a limb or two after his attempt. And given that I just didn't have any other offensive options, that would be the end of the challenge unless I could pull off a miracle.

Actually, my previous strategy might still be every bit as valid as it was. Yes, any bug trying to worm its way through the walls of wood, dirt, trash and steel that armoured his body would be squished instantly - but finding a moment to surround him in string and freezing it was just as viable as getting him to run or fall into it. It was just... hard. Moving target. It was harder for me to guess at the exact locations of the tendrils now, and I needed a certain distance from each of them to sidestep the Manton limit for Clockblocker's power.

What else? What were the limits of that body? If I could manoeuvre him into the bay itself, would his armour fall apart? Would he drown? Or would he retain his form and durability, then pursue me with all the swimming speed that something that size could muster? Without a way for me to escape the water, that last option would kill me - even if it might degrade his body over time, the cracks in the concrete and tarmac around us showed that the Brute rating wasn't for show. I had his power, but at this level - all it was doing was creating a ghostly tendril and yanking loose trash towards me, which either blocked my vision or outright threatened to hurt me at the speed it approached me with. Maybe there was a trick to it, but this wasn't much of a time for experimentation.

I duck away from a lazy fist that threatens to kill me outright with the slightest connection. A trio of cans leak out from the 'limb' as he overextends. A loose fence panel, half-pulverised from the previous attack, slips from the cluster of junk that made up his fist. A moment later, a flicker of movement comes from his lower legs, reincorporating what little of it remains as a stronger base to stand on.

He was destroying himself. Few enough of these materials that he was using were rated for Brutes to pick up and use to break concrete. Yes, every destroyed wall and every new stretch of street I ran into presented more possibilities for him to incorporate into his shell - but the environment had its limits.

Especially if I forced that onto him. He didn't seem to be playing this as tactically as someone like Sophia had in some of her challenges. There wouldn't be a way for him to lose if he just ran to a real scrapyard and came to face me with all the materials he could ever desire. But he didn't do that, he just ran straight for me - and more than likely, he would continue coming straight for me even if I ran.

So I needed to run somewhere where he didn't have the materials in the environment to draw from. A park, maybe. An empty parking lot. A school playground. Dirt, grass and a few torn-up bits of the road would be a poor substitute for the more valuable metal and wood that he was pounding into uselessness with every hit - his power seemed to value gathering larger chunks of material and welding them to the tendrils rather than enabling a golem-esque creation from simpler materials.

My eyes light up. The forcefield bridge. The one leading up to the rig. If it was up, he wouldn't even have the opportunity to do that. He could hardly weaponise the light or... whatever the bridge was actually made of. And as a bonus, if he fell off I'd get my answer as to how he handled water a lot faster than I had planned.

But the important part was the lack of material for him to draw from his surroundings to replace everything he lost.

All I had to do was get there, and hope that it was active. I dive backwards through a wall, Vista's power assisting in creating a gap for myself beyond it as I immediately shift into my speed-state. Three. Two. He smashes through the wall. One. Too late to catch me. I'm gone.

I don't even need to keep baiting him along. The HUNT modifier ensures that he will never lose track of me, even if I'm not in his line of sight. I can just make my way to the Boardwalk and sprint towards the coast safe in the knowledge that he was racing after me as fast as he could.

And race after me he does. Not as fast as me. Not even close. I could move faster than a speeding car, and he was moving perhaps around twice as fast as I could run without powers. I had time. Time enough to run across the rest of the bridge, test three different access codes on the door courtesy of Clockblocker's challenge - and quickly verify that, no, my power wasn't kind enough to stock the armoury this time. Or even have any officers around at all that I could rob. Complete ghost town, just like the rest of the Bay this time around.

But that suits me too. I step back out onto the bridge to await my enemy, idly toying with my new power as I do so. Loose Material Attraction, that was a bit of a mouthful. I glare at the ghostly looking tendril, translucent in the afternoon sun. It seems to pass through my body without even a hint of resistance, nor does it seem capable of exerting force on its own - yet it presses up against the light bridge as if it was physical. Too slippery and weak for me to use it as a platform or grappling hook, it couldn't support my weight if I tried to use it over the side of the bridge as a hook while I balance over the opposite edge.

Still fully capable of doing its intended purpose while doing that though. I peer through the bridge as the stretched-out limb waggles at me, one of my shoes firmly attached to its tip. A good test. Not sure what I could use that for, but... flexibility was good. I'd need to try it out in combat before I made any judgements. And think of a name. Tentacle? What if I got other tentacle-related powers? It was supposed to be a sort of magnet. Magnet-tentacle? Magnacle? No. That was stupid. Surely I could think of a real name, without just calling it Mush's power in my head. I was Greg Veder. A master of unasked-for naming and rebranding suggestions on PHO. Surely making a cool name for a new power wasn't beyond me? I frown to myself, absently spooling out my shirt into a longer string and tucking the result into my pocket for later. The special part was still the magnet-like behaviour and manipulation of materials close to the tentacle, so maybe I could just leave the tentacle part out entirely? The Magnet. The Trash-Manipulator. No, it was all terrible. No wonder Mush was called... well. Mush.

Mush doesn't give me the time to keep mulling over it. For what must have been a solid twenty-five minutes of non-stop running, he doesn't look all too tired. To be fair, I'd run the same distance and I wasn't tired either. I guess our powers both did the heavy lifting for us. He's gained some weight over the trip, standing perhaps a third taller again than he had last appeared - with the remains of what was possibly a burning car engine now held in his right fist as a crude weapon.

A crude weapon that was also burning away at his 'armour' on that side. Maybe it wasn't his real body, and it was unlikely to spread to more flammable areas so long as he kept it at a distance and maintained the core of metal around his real self - but it was still stupid. A reminder of the room-temperature IQ that the average Merchant possessed.

I flex my shoulders. Showtime. I move to dismiss my extra limb, then pause as I put my shoe back on. It couldn't hold my weight, sure...

But I wasn't the only option. My ash clone surges to life next to me. I hand the power off to it along with the Administrator status. I'd been planning to give it either Vista's power or use Administrator on a bug and immediately start attempting to get a kill via the Parian-Clockblocker combo again, but maybe the enhanced processing power and unique body could make something of the power that I couldn't. It remains still as I project my mental instructions to it, the wordless shift of its body to face our rapidly-approaching attacker the only sign that it understood it's orders. A long shot, maybe. And if the power had a heavy combat restriction on it, like a strict Manton Limit - I would need to reconsider. But... the idea felt right. In principle. I'd have to see.

As for myself... I pivot into a full-bodied kick at the air - locking the motion into my Echo and then stepping back a half-dozen paces. That left me with space warping, my shadow state, forcefield and Clockblocker's powers to keep myself alive. My ash clone would try to circle around from the back at the first opportunity and we'd press him on two fronts. Simple.

He steps into range of my prepared Echo, but even that full-powered blow into his 'ankle' only makes him stumble. Good enough as a distraction, it was probably a bit much to hope that he would tumble into the Bay in such an anti-climactic fashion. Got to do this the good-old-fashioned way. I willingly step forward into his range. I had a lot of defensive options, and if all else failed - a few steps and a jump to the side would send me into the waters below us to relative safety. I doubted he would follow, he was more likely to want to just catch me at the shoreline if he could. I could do this. No matter how suicidal it looked... this was the safest place to be. Just a bigger bruiser than normal, still the same old moves that come from every other musclebound-asshole in the Bay - just a bit heftier than normal. With all this experience and all of these powers, if I couldn't dodge moves as predictable as that after being killed so many times, I would deserve to get pasted across this bridge.

Step left. Dive right, roll. A better fighter might have been able to guess my movement and try to stomp on me, but the sheer bulk of his body was restricting his field of vision and his ability to look around. All he knew was that he'd failed to connect, not that I'd avoided the minor movements and shifting, stumbling footwork by the slimmest of margins. As soon as I get behind him, he has to turn completely - trying to find me again without exposing himself.

As I muse over that thought, he tries to rectify his weakness. He leans forward, half-protruding out of his shell at the torso of the trash-mecha in the hope of better following my movements. I immediately shrink the space between us, arms reaching up and towards his head, narrowly grazing against his face before he lurches back in surprise. Shame. I might have been able to end the fight there and then if I got a good grip on his head. But that hadn't been my only intention, I'd mostly just wanted to keep the status quo in place - his struggles with controlling the size of his body and actually piloting it to fight me were my biggest advantages, no sense in letting him get in a position to do that better.

Unless he moved his core body up towards the actual 'head' where I couldn't easily reach him even with Vista's power helping, why he hadn't done that - I didn't have a clue. Perhaps it was easier to spread his power out in all directions like that? A matter of control? Or just aesthetics? I suppose there was no real reason I knew of why he couldn't be chasing after me in a giant spider trash-mecha either - so I should probably just take the win and celebrate the fact that I only had to deal with four clunky limbs unsuited to combat rather than the tentacle monster that would probably be a far more efficient use of his powers.

He gives up on punching, instead wildly kicking his feet around - forcing me to blow a charge of my shadow state just to ensure that I didn't get blindsided by the erratic movements he was making - one of the disadvantages of getting up-close and personal. The man lets out a cry of triumph as he spots me, now that I'm no longer able to hide myself behind his own legs.

Too late. A knight plants itself between him and me. Clad head-to-toe in rusted copper and iron, a silent guardian threatening to intercept any move that he might make. That was my ash clone, taking advantage of my version of Mush's power to simply loot Mush himself for a working suit.

Mush promptly flattens it in a single blow, already turning his gaze back to me before the armour shunts itself back together in a crude, inelegant mockery of its former state.

Everything I had hoped for. Because perhaps, if I were to be truly accurate, I should say - the figure was very much 'not' my ash clone. I glance downwards. The ghostly tendril was barely even visible, even if you knew to look for it. A slight shimmer in the air at the knight's feet, that left a trail that simply dangled off the edge of the bridge. I'd imagined my ash clone as being capable of holding its far lighter body to the underside of the bridge, but evidently the tentacle wasn't quite that capable of exerting force on the user. Instead, it was freely swinging in the breeze - held in position by the seemingly unbreakable tentacle that was now thoroughly weighted down by its new metallic suit. And, critically, that tentacle that didn't share the fragility of its current owner.

And as long as Mush didn't realise that my 'new' ally was essentially an invincible puppet - a simple extension of that tentacle welding any metal it could find to itself - then this would remain a 2v1 forever. It wasn't like Mush had any reason to glance over the edge of the bridge and see the dangling wraith-like figure swinging over the waters below us. He didn't have that kind of luxury or time, because his own power was under threat right now.

The clash of powers was always an interesting one. Taylor had range, multi-tasking and massive swarms over my version of Bug-Control - but, if I wanted a bug, her power ceded it to me. Mine trumped hers. But, equally, Vista and I could overwrite each other's warped space - and as she could keep spamming her power, she tended to win out. With this bit of experimentation, now I knew that my version of Mush's power was closer to the former than the latter. My ash clone had stolen material from Mush's 'leg', and Mush hadn't been able to steal it back. He'd redistributed it from elsewhere, losing about a foot in height for the sake of restoring his equilibrium - but the important part was that it had worked at all.

That wasn't an instant win, the tentacle could only carry so much at once - once the surface area was filled up, there wasn't anything more to do. Unless I wanted to potentially give the game away by having the clone continually discard it's armour into the sea before restocking - I'd have to make do with the damage that had been done already. I'd rather keep the 2v1 going for now, rather than risk Mush realising that he wasn't just up against something similar to his power, but literally an expression of his own power. He'd go looking for the source, and my ash clone wouldn't survive his attention if it was found - and resummoning it after being active for this long would require me to stall for a long time alone.

But it was a massive advantage. And when Mush's fist pulls away once again, leaving behind a chunk of plastic and broken glass bottles that are oh-so-swiftly turned into a rough approximation of a bladed-arm for my clone's puppet - he realises that too.

He turns to run, angling to sprint past me back across to the shoreline - but I'm in the way, hand already splayed out as Parian's power lifts the string and sets up a series of razor-wire like obstacles for him to crash into with the momentary application of Clockblocker's power. This time, the armour of his constructed body crumples against the obstacle rather than parting and slicing into his vulnerable flesh below - an abrupt stop more in line with crashing into a tree than being bisected like the first challenge. A trip, a fall - but not onto solid ground, instead, he'd only gotten more entangled in the web of manipulated string. Good enough. Even if it didn't kill him, the pattern of time-locked string was difficult enough to see, and chaotic enough in its pattern, that even just extracting himself from his awkward position was a difficult task at the best of times - let alone when me and my newfound knight partner were already in a position to target the man himself.

The man himself, I was truly seeing him for the first time now. Weak and frail. An emaciated figure, face half-concealed by blood from my knight's efforts - it only got in position a second or two before me, but already the results of the heavier body that it was manipulating were showing compared to the blows that the ashen form of the original could dish out. The man flails underneath us, an incoherent scream escaping his throat as he tries to extract his tendrils from the web of death now pinning his body in place. Too late, and even if he had managed it - where would he go. There was nowhere to run, and I'd never lose to someone like him without his armour.

My knight lodges a bladed arm into his face, piercing through to the other side only to tear up and away. Mush's jaw comes away entirely leaving a bloody trail in the air for me to gawk at. That was Brute-level stuff. An actual Brute power, not just a puppet that continually reforms - but somehting that could actually apply more strength than a base human could. Than I could, even. I'd wanted that for so long, and my power had given it to me in a twisted kind of way. I still didn't have that level of strength personally, but if I could protect my ash clone - it could form this figure that could do it for me, so long as it had enough material to work with.

It was worth coming here. I gaze silentlyat the metal-bound figure pulverising the ribcage of the corpse below us. I'm starting to feel... strong.

SUCCESS

Reward: Mush+​

I let my vision clear, turning my gaze back to the trash heap where-

-where Mush's challenge icon was appearing before. And now wasn't. Either he'd moved, or my just wasn't registering the trash as 'Mush' anymore. Presumably because his tendrils weren't controlling the heap anymore. Had he just retracted them? Or decided to move? Or had some small aspect of the changes that my power had done hit a momentary reset button on his powers, or perhaps made him less willing to hang around in an environment like this?

"Mush?" I stride into the approximate area where he should be. "Are you here?"

"...maybe. Who's asking?" A distant, heavily muffled voice responds.

"Skidmark was looking for you." Better to avoid saying that Skidmark actually wanted to see him, because I hadn't actually been asked to retrieve Mush - this was just... extra-curricular work on my part.

"Oh." They don't sound happy to hear that. "Did he sound angry?" The disembodied voice takes on an inquisitive and hopeful tone. "Or, angrier than usual?"

"He tried to introduce you in front of a cheering crowd, and then you weren't there." I supply helpfully. "I think he was expecting your presence."

"...tell him I'm dead." The response comes after a moment. "I died alone and unwanted, in a distant, forgotten trash heap." I try to pinpoint the source of the voice. The left side, perhaps? Or, if the challenge-version of the man had been anything to judge by - perhaps he was hidden somewhere underneath all of this junk.

"You sound alive to me." The voice was clearer over here. I step over a batch of cardboard boxes, careful that I wasn't accidentally about to step on my target.

"That's just rigor mortis." I zero in on the voice again, each word becoming a little clearer with every step I take. "I must have just sustained injuries from our fight the other day, and that's why I tragically won't be able to see him ever-" I lift the lid of a nearby trashcan, the voice stumbling to a halt as a bleary figure blinks up at me from inside. "-again." The voice finishes lamely. 'She' finishes lamely. Because that definitely wasn't the face of the person I'd just killed a few moments ago. "I don't suppose you can pretend you never found me?"

"Probably not." I deny.

She shuffles around in her container for a moment, rifling through discarded magazines and cardboard, before a wad of cash is offered in tribute.

"These are all ones." I tell her drily.

"And? Legal tender!" Mush insists. "You could buy... all sorts with that!"

"I didn't say it was fake, it's just - a stack of cash like that gets a lot less impressive when you realise it can barely buy a large pizza." I respond flatly.

"What kind of pizzas are you getting? Never mind. I can get fives. Maybe tens. Just give me an hour and-" She waves her hands around animatedly, a note of panic in her voice that almost manages to make me feel sorry for her.

"Unless you have enough money to pay off whatever Skidmark does to me when I come back without you, it's probably not going to happen." When in doubt, blame Skidmark.

"It's not that I don't want to come-" She lies shamelessly, only to falter at my flat, disbelieving expression. "-okay, I don't want to come at all. Fine. But I tried! But the guards at the gate thought I was just a normal person when I showed up with no entry ticket, and they started laughing at me trying to get in and I thought it would just be really awkward for everyone if I just started waving my lame powers around after that-" She waves a hand that lengthens and contracts mid-motion. "-so I took one for the team and decided to go home."

"Home?" I send a pointed look at the literal trashcan she seemed to be referring to. "That thing?"

She has the grace to look embarrassed. "H-hey, it's the perfect size for sleeping in. It has all of my stuff. Don't have to pay rent. I can pick it up and move it around wherever I want. It's not all that bad, really!"

"It's pretty bad." I can't stop the honest remark before it escapes my mouth.

She slumps deeper into her abode. "Well, it's the best I've got. I tend to get kicked out of places that I rent pretty quickly since I got my powers, and I tried rough sleeping for all of about three nights before some ABB gangbangers realised I was a Cape and chased me off - right into the arms of the Merchants."

She's stalling for time, but I was curious. "How did they manage to work that out? You used your powers in front of them?"

"Don't think so, but it's because of a bad habit of mine." She pokes her head up and out of the trashcan, looking at her surroundings. "I've got a habit of piling things up in my sleep, or when I'm just lazing around. Landlords don't like it, and I guess those guys managed to work it out when their nice, pretty car park turned into something like this overnight." She makes an annoyed sound. "You'd think that I'd get some premium 5-star accommodation as a signing bonus with the Merchants, but all I get are warnings from Squealer that she'll fire me out of her tank if I ever try to sleep in her workshop. That's crazy, right? They should be treating me better, don't you think?"

I attempt a sympathetic smile. "Maybe they don't trust you that much yet? You've only been a Merchant for, what, two days? I'm sure once you prove yourself-"

"Five weeks!" She complains.

I blink. What. "Weren't you fighting Skidmark and Squealer just this weekend?"

"That was just-" She waves a hand in the air. "Disagreements over my working conditions. Skidmark had been calling me a freeloader and a waste of space ever since they pulled me out of that one bind with the ABB I mentioned, and once every other gang in the city started fighting each other - he figured now was a good time to tell Squealer to point a tank at me and make a big show of recruiting me to the cause in front of everyone."

I tilt my head. That was... a very different story to what PHO had guessed at. "And were you? A freeloader, I mean?"

"No!" She protests. "I just hadn't done anything yet, and he seemed to resent that I was eating and living around them without needing to lift a finger."

This time, I don't even need to say anything.

"Okay, okay. Maybe that sounds a little like freeloading." She allows. "But that's the nature of the job! I agreed to show up for Cape fights, but nobody is interested in fighting the Merchants - it's a sweet deal for me! I'm living up to my end of the bargain, he's the one in the wrong here!"

I scratch my chin. "Would Skidmark say the same thing if I asked him for his version of events?"

"Ehhh." She pulls a face. "He's not the type to admit when he's in the wrong- wait, that was a hypothetical, right? You're not actually going to snitch on me?" She affixes me with a pleading gaze. "Please? I'll admit it. I was wrong. I'll change my ways. I'll put my life back together. Starting from tomorrow. Thank you for your insight, kind sir-" She tries to tug the lid of the trash can out of my hand - a weak, but insisting motion as if the conversation was now over and she was trying to ineffectually slam the door on me.

"I think tomorrow might be a bit too late." For me. Even if Skidmark didn't think much of my decision to find Mush - even if he threw me out over some perceived slight - any momentary contact with Squealer, on top of the second-chance at a challenge once Skidmark inevitably showed the pair off to the wider crowd - that would be more than worth it as a parting gift.

"No~" She groans softly. "I don't wanna. He's just going to shout at me and complain, and I'll actually have to talk to people and it will just be a complete disaster all around. Let's just leave it here, you pretend that you never saw me - we both leave happy."

"I think you'll be the only happy one in that scenario." I cross my arms. "Look at it this way, show up once now and look good as a card-carrying member of the Merchants - and he'll never be able to have a good reason to come and beat you up for slacking again without looking like he's lost control."

Mush considers that for a moment. "That's a good point. That's really smart actually. I could do that. There can't be that many people at the party anyway, right? A few dozen people at most, I can just walk past and nobody will pay any attention to me."

"A few hundred, maybe." I cough quietly. "But it's not like they'll make it their mission to get in your way or anything. Nothing to worry about."

"...nope. It's over." She tries to close the lid on herself again. "Tell Skidmark I'm dead. I leave all that I own to the first person to claim my stuff. Throw my body into the sea, at least the fish might appreciate me-"

This girl might be hopeless. "I'm going to roll you to Skidmark in that thing at this rate."

"That could work." Somehow, she's seriously considering that idea. "I just stay in here, and you just sneak me inside and you can tell Skidmark that I was always around and that there's no need to go looking for me. And I won't need to show my face to anyone. Everyone wins." She nods at me. "You're really smart." She tries to close the lid again. I keep my hand firm.

"Are you scared of people seeing you in there? I'd have thought you would be something of a celebrity to them." I cough. "Us, I mean." Supposed to be a Merchant right now.

"Maybe, but I'm just- I'm not much of a party animal. I'd probably just bring the mood down, and I was kind of happier on my own anyway." It's not like I can't sympathise, being an introvert was second-nature to me until my power gave me the chance to win at a real life harem eroge. "I'm... a bit of a mess, I can admit that much. People can kind of tell at a glance, and I just... don't really like that kind of attention? People expect a lot from Capes, and I don't really... have that kind of presence." She makes a pitiful expression. Or, a more pitiful expression than her default one, at least.

"Kind of sounds like you're scared to me." She winces at that. "But, I don't really get it. You're a Cape. You don't need to wander around trying to look intimidating while looking like a regular girl."

And a thoroughly unintimidating one at that. When you looked at Sophia, or even Taylor - you could see the relative fitness and combat capabilities that they had. Not quite a much for me in pure physical matchups, but I wouldn't bet against them in a random encounter on the street. Mush was... me. The old me. Except also female. The sedentary, lazy lifestyle obviously didn't involve any trips to the gym or combat training. Thin and reedy - borderline anorexic, to the point where it looked like she might lose to a stiff breeze if it wasn't for the protection of her personal trashcan on all sides. I doubted her appearance was down to any attempt at a diet or personal discipline, I was rather suspicious that she was just skipping meals to avoid having to interact with people or leave her post.

I continue. "Why don't you just show up as, well, Mush? Nobody's going to argue or look down on you if you're a giant suit of metal and plastic twice their height."

"Skidmark will yell at me for making a scene." She leans her head back against the edge of her trashcan, eyes closing as if she was about to fall asleep. I let my gaze slide downwards at the opportunity, noting with some approval that her shirt was certainly a few sizes too big for her - despite her evident curves, the material just hangs too loosely for me not to notice. Nice.

"I think you making a scene is exactly what Skidmark is hoping for. He wants to show off the power of the Merchant's Capes right now, so showing up and showing off to the regulars is exactly the kind of thing he wants to see." Probably. Maybe.

"You think so?" She considers that for a moment. "Then... I wouldn't even have to show my face. I could just-" The bin rises up into the air as tendrils race out from the sides of the trashcan, two rudimentary legs being used to push upwards before the materials have even finished gathering. "-go like this-" A makeshift claw firmly takes the trashcan lid from my hand, returning it to its usual place - only for the girl inside to pop it slightly ajar, leaving only her eyes visible as her construct grows, selectively gathering and splitting off sturdier materials to weld into the larger body with casual ease. A metal sheet is shorn in two with contemptuous ease, both halves then rising up to conceal the 'torso' where her trashcan and real body resided. "-and nobody will be able to see me."

I angle my head upwards to peer at her. "I think people will still be interested in where the voice is coming from, but, yeah - that looks good to me."

"I'm not going to be talking to them." Her voice booms. No wonder I didn't twig she was female when she was still inside. The way that echoed throughout the structure really hid the nervous, higher pitch if you weren't looking for it. "Because you're going to be doing all the talking for me."

"I don't remember saying that." Not that I was opposed to it, I was a genuine social butterfly these days - and it wouldn't even be strange for the Merchants to see me trailing around yet another Cape at this stage.

"It was when you said you didn't want to go back to Skidmark empty-handed." She tells me, an unmistakable smug hint in her voice that tells me that this is her best attempt at being spiteful. Subjecting someone else to what was apparently her idea of hell.

I raise my hands in mock-surrender. "Fine, fine. If that's what you really want - I can do the talking in your name. You'll have to make appropriately threatening gestures though, the guards were pretty happy to see me leave and they seemed to be looking forward to not letting me back in." I shake my head as she doesn't respond to that, doubtless considering leaving me out to dry out of spite for dragging her out of here. "-which would leave you to face Skidmark all alone-"

"I won't let that happen." She assures me hastily. "We're in this together, you know?"

"Never doubted it." I drawl. "Now, time to go."

Somehow managing to convey body language even through her constructed body, she makes a forlorn shrug of her 'shoulders' and begrudgingly pilots the legs of her new body around the broken piles of materials that she'd been staying in - not seeming fazed when one pile collapses under the weight. However strange it looked, it was the same principle as my version of the power - it wasn't a knight. Or a mech. It was a tendril dressed up to look and act like a mecha - but it didn't entirely act like something that weighed that much did. It wasn't a Tinker's toy, this was a Changer - and future challenges would probably highlight that distinction if I got too comfortable exploiting the weakpoints of her chosen armoured body.

She half-turns, just to make sure I'm following - then sets down the path. I trail behind, eyes locked on the challenge box floating next to the hulking giant.

Mush

Merchant Affiliate 3/5

(CAGE) (PREP)​

The third challenge tended to have pretty sizable cooldown timers between each failure, and not knowing how long Skidmark would continue to allow my presence - there was a good chance that I might not get a second attempt while undercover. Better to make it count, but the strategy I used last time won't be nearly as effective in a CAGE environment. My ash clone won't be able to hide itself or its actions as effectively, it wasn't great at defending or dodging most of the time - it's longevity in fights usually came from the counter-intuitive cooldown, where the quicker it gets taken out, the shorter the downtime is for me to resummon it. But any resummoning, complete with handing off the administrator status again on top of Mush's powerset - would start from scratch every time as Mush reincorporates any scrap that gets stolen.

I could do it myself, but it wasn't the most human-friendly power in the first place - and my need to swap away my active power to survive would eventually cause the same issue.

I'd still try. Of course I would. But I'd do so when I'd tried everything else first. Anything that would give me an edge in a fight I expected to be heavily weighted against me. Skidmark. If I could level up his power, just to some modicum of the power that he used against me - that could send a grown man flying with a look - it was a power practically built for CAGE modifiers. Nowhere to run, no tricks to pull - just constant, unrelenting force. Invincible, once the set-up was complete. And, of course, I was hoping that Squealer was the key to solving Skidmark's current challenge. It all tied together.

And Mush was leading me straight to them.

Or, would be leading me - if she hadn't frozen up at a challenge from a patrolling guard at the outer barrier of the compound.

"Get out of the way, idiot!" I swagger up to the guards as they look undecided as to whether they should challenge the approaching giant or not. "You think Mush wants anything to do with you?"

"Is that really Mush?" One guard peers upwards. "I know there was a new Cape around, but I haven't been told much about them-"

"What does that matter? Are you going to get in the way, or is she going to have to step on you?" Behind me, metal shifts and creaks ominously.

"Easy, man. I'm just- just doing my job." He backs down, seeming aggrieved by my attitude. Good. It wasn't the same guards from earlier, but I could hardly resist the opportunity to ham things up and watch them squirm. "Supposed to check on everyone coming in, and why. It's not all that serious."

"And your job is waylaying one of the only Capes the Merchants have? Does it look like Mush wants to talk to someone like you? Why do you think that they're so quiet, even now?" I lean in. This is fun. "It's because they're struggling. Struggling to contain the bloodlust they feel towards this upstart with a peashooter, that thinks he's capable of stopping even this small fraction of their true strength! I'm trying to save your life here man. Mush, I know them well. And they're not the conversational type. They're the kind to kill you on a whim, they're crazy - you don't want to spend any more time than you have to around them. Why else do you think Skidmark usually keeps them away from everyone else? Even he's nervous about it."

The man looks nervous, perhaps weighing up the mood swings and violent tendencies of Skidmark, and considering the possibility that this one might just be just as bad or worse. "You can go through." He steps aside quickly.

I march onwards. I make it around the next corner, then about five metres before a clawed hand picks me up gently - dangling me in the air, turning me to face Mush eye-to-eye. A very teary, pouty set of eyes.

"You-" She looks like she wants to strangle me. "What are you even saying-" She chokes out. "What does that guy even think of me now, what's he going to tell all of his friends!?"

"That he and all of his buddies should avoid dragging you into small talk for no reason." I respond innocently. "You're welcome. I'm full of good ideas, I know."

"That last bit was fine, the rest of it-" She shakes me in the air from side-to-side. "What was that?"

"Well, you could explain the misunderstanding to them if you want." I grin. "Or, you could just take it as a win that the next time Skidmark sends someone to get you - everyone's going to be real invested in getting lost along the way."

"I'll get you back for this." She promises me ominously. The effect is slightly lost thanks to the embarrassed flush in her expression and the hint of furious tears in her eyes.

I shrug. Maybe I got a bit carried away. I saw an opportunity to fuck with her, I had to take it. "Whatever. Skidmark should be- well. He was in that building, but he went to talk to Squealer, so I suppose he's in there now?" I point out the connected buildings. "But, I don't think you'll fit through the entrance without getting out of that thing."

Her entire body stiffens at that. "I don't know if we need to do all of that. I'll just squeeze in to the garage like one of Squealer's vehicles."

"I think those doors are pretty firmly closed-" I start. And... she's already gone. I hurry after her to catchup, issuing threats and warnings to every curious partygoer that scatters at the approaching Cape's approach.

She arrives at the garage doors blocking the way to Squealer's temporary workshop, and with a flex of her arms - forces them open, the screeching protest of metal causing the onlookers to wince and cover their ears, even as she ducks into the entrance she's forced into the garage - with me lurking just outside, trying to get a peek inside without being spotted in turn. Just a single glance at Squealer, and I wouldn't even have to deal with an irate Skidmark annoyed at me making decisions for myself - I could go back to the club and plead ignorance. It wasn't like Mush knew my name or anything.

I draw close just in time to hear the occupants of the room greet Mush.

"You fucking moron! I told you that if you ever set foot into my workshop again, I'd fire you out of the cannon to get you to leave - and what do you do, you charge in and start breaking things! Look at what you're standing on. I spent ages on that! How are you going to fix it?" A mumbled response isn't quite audible to me. "No, you know what? You'll just make it worse by trying. Just get out. You have five seconds, then I get the tank ready."

"Don't you dare move a fucking muscle Mush!" Skidmark roars. "Where the fuck have you been? I explicitly ordered you to show up today, and what do I discover but you sneaking back out the moment I turn my back. I barely expected anything out of you anyway, but surely even a shitstain like you can appreciate showing up when you're supposed to - and not turning one of my parties into a freakshow by showing up and acting like this? What's the point of the stupid fucking suit? Get out of that shit and explain yourself-"

"I- I- I-" Mush half-turns, and suddenly I'm grabbed from my hidden position next to the entrance - abruptly put on display right in front of Squealer and Skidmark. "It's all his fault! He told me to do it!"

I give her a wounded look over my shoulder. She's ducked completely into her trashcan to avoid meeting my gaze. I turn back to the angry-looking Skidmark, and the somehow-even-angrier woman at his side - who now seems content to transfer all of her irritation at Mush towards me instead. I glance down at Mush's foot, the flattened remains of a motorbike of some description has already been sheepishly pushed away by Mush - but it's easy to see that the damage won't be easily fixed.

I let out a quick laugh. There went the plan of being discrete, but this wasn't so bad either. Skidmark. Squealer. Mush. All in one place. An opportunity for me, this exact situation was what I'd been hoping for this entire time.

And so long as my real-life body could survive the three accusing stares full of blame, I'd be making it out of here like a bandit.

"H-hey boss." I give Skidmark a nervous-looking grin. "Thought I'd show some initiative, go find the missing member. Not a bad job, right? The gang is all together again." I spread my arms wide as much as I can, which wasn't far with Mush still firmly holding me in place. "No need to thank me."

Skidmark takes a long look at me with an expression of growing fury. Then at the shattered remains of Squealer's work. Then at the gaping hole in the workshop that a few dozen Merchants were curiously peering through. Then at the towering figure behind me that was trying to use me as a meatshield. Then back to me again.

"You're fired."

Alas. The job market sure is tough these days. No appreciation for the real go-getters.

AN: I'll update the character sheet another time. I'm done with writing today. Next chapter is on my Patreon, if you are interested.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, OmegaKnight and 663 others
Tamzar
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Five
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Nov 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,334
"You're fired."

I almost chuckle at Skidmark's declaration. Good comedic timing, really highlighting the absurdity of the situation and breaking the tension with a quick one-liner. Then, I remember that this was Skidmark and he probably wasn't cracking a joke. He was probably serious. Or as close to it as he could get without actually shooting someone. I drop the smile before he can notice my reaction.

Focus up, Greg. It's easy to get arrogant and complacent. Easy to think that everyone in this room was a future ally, that even if the rest of the evening didn't result in much success - that all three of the Merchant's Capes would soon be a trio of buxom women falling over themselves to serve me. But even if that might be true, these people were all criminals first. Uber and Leet barely qualified for the label - despite my disguise as one of their goons, all three of the people here were closer to Oni Lee than they were to Leet. Still a good deal clear from him, to be sure - but criminals nonetheless. People who had not only survived, but ultimately thrived in the cutthroat, treacherous underworld that they had made into their home.

So. Don't get too cocky. In all likelihood, Skidmark could shoot me right now and nobody would blink an eye at my 'death' - at least, until my forcefield took them by surprise. I'd completed challenges on Mush to 'upgrade' her - and the fact that it was 'her' was a bit of a surprise. One that I wasn't sure about what it could mean. Was it just that my powers had prioritised making them into someone I might have some interest in, and gone straight for the drastic changes that usually would come later? It had been the earliest that I'd seen such a conversion, but then again... the original Mush was probably the ugliest fucker I'd seen yet. So maybe that tracked.

But I would be stupid to just assume that it was a gift from my power. Not when my power was so willing to throw me under the bus at other times. However much her personality was quietly amusing, no matter how much I appreciated that she was very much a woman under all of that scrap and steel - and however much more enjoyable she was to be around compared to her original counterpart likely would have been - this wasn't free. My power didn't do handouts like that for something that I would have done anyway. As a working assumption for now, I'd have to guess that the radical changes to her personality and body were balanced out by a general lack of loyalty or any extra friendliness towards me. Other 'strangers' that I had challenged tended to go from neutral acquaintances to clear 'friends' after a challenge - and only later on in the challenge lists did the more extreme changes occur. I could consider this as a simple re-ordering by my power, which would probably indicate that Mush wouldn't be stepping in to shield me anytime soon.

Evidence in point: Her decision to throw me to the wolves and use me as a shield for herself instead. In some ways, this was the worst outcome from my power in a purely pragmatic sense. Yes, one extra girl in the scene - and I was happy for that - but at the same time, I was surrounded by three enemies. Saved only by the fact that they didn't know that I was an enemy yet. If it came down to a fight... Mush would almost certainly side against me.

Something about that grated. The idea that I could pick a fight with Skidmark or go and beat on some random drug-dealers, and one of my girls would side with them? That was the trick in thinking. It would be hard to get annoyed at the idea of opposition from the gangly, warped man that I had glimpsed during the challenges - in the same way that I didn't really feel anything about the idea of Skidmark fighting me. But Squealer? The new Mush? I was already considering them as mine. I could already half-picture the two kneeling in front of me, each taking their turn to worship my cock as the other provides updates on the status of the Merchant's to their new leader-in-the-shadows.

And instead, they'd follow Skidmark? Skidmark?!

Maybe my power knew me too well. Because that thought burned hotter and harder than anything else so far today. Not the ignoble defeat against an aspect of the man's power I wasn't ready for, not the casual insults he heaped on me as I played the part of assistant - but the idea that one of my girls might side with him over me? That stung. Too effective. To the point that it felt deliberate. Like a toxic game mechanic, just goading you into getting mad about something that you could fix if you played a little bit more. I could almost feel the challenge from my power, I could visualise it - as if it was right next to me, wearing my face with a mocking smile. 'Don't like the idea? Mad about it?' That's what I would say. 'Then why don't you go and do something about it?'. Just win another two challenges to try and sway them to my side instead. Just handle Skidmark, and then breed the needy slut that remained behind as one last act of spite towards the pride and legacy of the man who dared to lay claim to something that was mine.

I shift slightly, trying to keep any expression off of my face. Not the flash of murderous hatred. Not the ghost of a smile at the humour I found in Skidmark's not-joke. And certainly not any hint at the strain in my pants at the thought of what the three other Capes in this room might look like and do once I was done with them.

Lock in. Stop getting distracted. Stop feeling nervous about the possibility of failing a challenge and just try it.

First of all. Not getting kicked out. Or, at least, delaying getting kicked out. Now, it wasn't like I was actually interested in a career in the Merchants or even staying here for long at all - but making a bad impression and getting thrown out early could only be a bad thing. My power liked to build on existing relationships where it could, twisting and morphing what was already there as a preference. It wasn't like my power set a relationship to a certain level of friendship, it just... morphed something about them into something more palatable to me. Just as it was theoretically possible for someone to fall in love with me without a single challenge, it must be equally possible for someone to despise me so much that they still dislike me several challenges later. Sophia was still dishonest about her feelings, even to this day - and I had zero doubts that if I were to falter or humiliate myself somewhere, she would be too busy laughing and gloating to help me up.

I hadn't tested how possible it was to make a true enemy out of the people that I had fully 'cleared'. If I just treated Emma or Madison like trash continuously for no reason, would they come to resent me? Or were there high opinions of me being continually nudged by my power even now? I didn't truly know. Which was why I wasn't entirely sure if I was 'safe' to fuck this up or not. Even ending up with a case like Sophia would be a mess, I just didn't have the same level of reliable access to these people to ensure that their thoughts went in the direction I wanted - and without a talkative and all-too-honest challenge-self to talk to, I didn't have a great insight into their personalities either.

And that was saying nothing about the fact that this disguise wasn't real. Taylor, at least, was evidence that the general 'tug' in my direction would persist regardless of which identity I progressed the challenge under - but unlike Taylor, I wouldn't be starting from a neutral position when my power started to influence them. I would be a hero, their explicit enemy. Or, as Greg Veder, I would be an irrelevant non-Merchant with no reason to ever interact with their lives as Capes. Even if, through a stroke of luck, I was able to become 'friends' in this disguise - it would fall apart under any real scrutiny and that temporary bond would disappear the moment 'James' vanished for good. Or, worse - that bond wouldn't vanish and they might resist any advances by Greg and Void Cowboy because their old flame 'James' was still out there somewhere.

"Easy, boss." I smile winningly. "You'd already mentioned how you were looking for Mush. Figured I'd go ahead and grab her while you were talking. I didn't quite expect her to just bust down the side of the building like this, I was just planning to let her walk in and go back to waiting outside until she started dragging me along." I attempt to flex my shoulders to make a point. "Literally."

"Stop fucking talking." He snips at me. "I gave you one fucking job. To shut the fuck up, bark when I tell you to bark, do what I say and nothing more. You think I look at you now and see a real go-getter? No. I see someone that thinks they know better than me. Did I tell you to go find Mush? No. If I wanted you to get her, I would have said so. Don't you think so?" He sneers at my sheepish look of response. "Mush, tighten up that grip. I need to hear some sincerity from him." Mush shifts her grip slightly, but it doesn't feel any different. "I said TIGHTEN IT!" He practically screams the sentence out at her, flecks of spittle glinting in the air at the exclamation - immediately followed by all the wind leaving my lungs as Mush hastens to obey.

"G-got i-it. B-boss!" I wheeze out. Yep. Mush was definitely still on Team Skidmark once the chips were down. The camaraderie and jokes from earlier were real, but I could call it something similar to the friendships among the patrolling guards outside. Friends, yes. But if Skidmark told them to punch each other out for his personal entertainment, both sides knew that there wasn't really much of a choice.

So I'd try not to hold it against Mush. Not when I could practically feel the panicky shaking of her frame even through the layers of interconnected beams that kept us separate. Not when she'd loosened up almost immediately after getting the initial exclamation of discomfort out of me, the inner layer of her 'fist' remaining fixed in place even as the outer layer creaks ominously. A dramatic display for Skidmark's benefit... and a needless risk for her to take. Skidmark would be livid with her if he realised that I was actually breathing easier now than I was before he started screaming. All for someone that was still trying to do her best to not obviously glower impotently at me after the realisation that Skidmark never actually asked me to bring her here.

Not... a terrible person.

And that brought its own difficulties with it. If I could just write them off as evil, or know that they would be so utterly unrecognisable in a few challenges time that nothing I said or did really mattered - I could just act as I pleased in the most selfish way possible. And while I couldn't profess to be a saint or even to have selfless aspirations at all, I still liked to feel like I was kind of the good guy in all of this. Mush, even with her allegiance largely unchanged, already felt like 'my' girl in my head. If this all came to blows, did I really want to fight her just to keep up appearances? Not really. But I wasn't willing to just let Skidmark shoot me if he gets mad either, and I wasn't willing to sabotage 'Void Cowboy' and his heroic reputation by being overly soft against the Merchants.

It would be best if I could just solve it all here. We never attack the Merchants, because they all fall under my sway - right here and now. I wasn't arrogant enough to call it likely... but there was a chance.

A small one. I level a look at Squealer. The only one here that I hadn't challenged yet. And, generally speaking? I was getting pretty good at beating the first challenge for Capes these days without too many retries.

Squealer

Merchant Villain 1/6

(EVNT)​

...but that was probably the worst modifier I could see. It wasn't much of a surprise. She didn't strike me as the straight-up combat type. Even if she got the 'tank' I kept hearing about, I was very comfortable that I could outmanoeuvre its fire long enough to slip inside and kill her in close range. Assuming it wasn't some, Tinkertech monstrousity with homing missiles, fully-automated turrets and anti-gravity thrusters or something silly like that. A standard tank, with some extra juice somewhere - I could definitely handle that.

But an EVNT modifier - that was a different story. Killing her wasn't necessarily the condition. Given her speciality... a race? That definitely felt like her 'thing', and my power would have all-too-many real life examples to pull data from when spinning together the simulation. She did races constantly, whether to just test her rides, show off how she could leave the cops behind or just to keep the gangs busy angrily chasing after her while the rest of the Merchants ran away - PHO was full of footage showing Squealer in her element.

Naturally, I'd seen it all. Would that help here?

Maybe. Or maybe the EVNT modifier wouldn't even do a fraction of what I was suspecting it would. Only one way to find out. "Challenge."

Silver flashes through my vision before establishing itself into semi-familiar grey walls splattered with grime and graffiti. My vision is briefly wrested away from my body, the disconcerting feeling of a 'cutscene' playing as I zoom through...

...some very-clearly marked streets. A racecourse. I fucking knew it. I regain control of my body as it shows the 'start line' - a rusty-looking garage littered with half-dismantled vehicles and power tools.

THE GATES WILL UNLOCK IN SIXTY MINUTES.

PASS THROUGH ALL CHECKPOINTS BEFORE YOUR OPPONENT TO COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE

ENEMY PARTICIPANTS WILL GAIN ENHANCED PHYSICAL ABILITIES WITHIN THEIR DOMAIN BEFORE THE GATES OPEN

THE ENEMY PARTICIPANT WILL RESPAWN IF KILLED OR DISABLED​

A timer settles into the corner of my vision. Sixty minutes. Fifty-nine-fifty-nine. Fifty-eight.

Clearly, the intent was to give me - and presumably Squealer - time to cobble together a working machine out of the scrap around us, then use that to race. A test designed to favour Tinker abilities, rather than pure physical might. I didn't see Squealer here, but the distant sounds of clanging through the wall probably meant that she was just next door - already hard at work on her design.

Technically, with Leet - I had a Tinker ability. Technically. But I already knew that particular flavour of Tinker had some flaws to work around when working on big projects. And even if there weren't, Tinker's were like Thinkers - the powers were great, but they were a lot better when they could synergise with something that was already there. Leet's power wasn't shoving ideas into my brain and taking over, and I didn't have the natural talent to just dream up a design that would blow the specialist Tinker away in her own field. Not in a mere hour, anyway. What would I even make? Just because I knew that the teleportation pads or that one speedforce-like suit were theoretically possible, didn't mean that I could take the early levels of my variant of his power and match the efforts of what Leet could do with an entire workshop, a trained assistant, years of tools built up in their lab and weeks of work between each stream.

Even just visualising what I would need for a simple powered bike was a pain - a half-hearted sketch into the dusty floor at my feet sending alarm bells ringing as I run through it with Leet's power. Half a percent-chance for the power source to overload every time the steering was engaged. Two-percent chance for the brakes to lock up every ten seconds. More, minor things that wouldn't cause a major failure that I could ignore for now. I could see the workarounds, the ways to use those faults and take advantage of them - the surge in energy could top up a battery or energy supply somewhere if it could be harnessed. The brakes would fail because the cables were too close together in my hasty drawing - and the power would go into the accelerator instead for a massive boost. Useful, Leet would be thrilled at the opportunity to take advantage of that... but I didn't have the time, or the knowledge, to implement those extra features safely.

And then, even once those features were added - that was a new design. With new elements and 'quirks' that would suddenly appear. Finding a stable version to settle on probably took Leet multiple attempts and days of work at the best of times. I'd never seen them do a live Tinker-marathon or race like this, and it was pretty clear why.

But I couldn't just sit back and cry about it either. A powered vehicle that could beat Squealer was a step too far, too fast - fine. What did I have?

I consider my drawing, shaking my head before moving my hand over to wipe it out. My Tinker power lights up briefly, only to fade as I pull my hand away. I hover my hand back over the dirt drawing. It's ready to copy that design? I suppose I never had the chance to test if it worked on anything other than paper designs, thanks to that hefty cooldown on it. Did that mean I could pinch digital ones too? Not that Tinkers posted their work online that much, but if I could get into Armsmaster's lab... I could do something there. Hell, if I could find a way past the doors - I wouldn't even need to do it in person. The WRLD modifier had the kind of detail and fidelity I needed to get working passcodes and logins to half the PRT, why wouldn't Armsmaster's lab be the same? I'd never managed to get past the security before, but it couldn't be too hard with some dedicated effort - right?

Useless without Armsmaster's power to actually learn and use the designs. I remind myself of that one important fact. Getting ahead of myself.

I continue wiping away the design. Good to know, but this one wasn't going to work. Maybe if I had a few more hours - and I hadn't even considered if I actually had the materials my design wanted to hand. I wasn't going to out-Tinker the Tinker. So I needed a strategy.

First and foremost. I wasn't locked in here. Looking outside the only exit, the 'gates' were pretty obvious. It was basically a ZONE wall with a timer on it. But there was some space for me to move around outside this specific area and out into the city. Enough to roam around for more parts, or even try and set something up outside the garage if I needed. I wasn't allowed inside the 'start zone' yet, but exploration wasn't exactly forbidden.

Including Squealer's garage? Sabotage seemed a viable strategy. And not just by putting obstacles in her way. The challenge wouldn't need to give her 'enhanced' abilities in her area if it didn't need to protect her from me just... attacking her and stopping her from doing anything at all.

So, how enhanced was 'enhanced'? A minor Brute rating? Or something that would make Alexandria jealous? Because if I could stop her from making anything at all, then I could cruise to victory in my speed-state. Which I hadn't forgotten about. But fragility in that state aside, my speed-state was about as fast as a normal car cruising on a highway. Comparable to Glory Girl's top speed, and certainly more than fast enough to breeze past regular city traffic like it was standing still. Squealer wasn't going to be normal, and she certainly wasn't going to be obeying any speed limits.

From what I could approximate from the starting 'cutscene', I could probably clear the full track in under ten minutes with my speed-state. I'd be surprised if she couldn't whip something up that could do it in five if I left her alone. But the difference wasn't absurd enough to dismiss entirely. If I could just force her back to the start by killing her once, or destroy her original vehicle, that would be enough. I had a basic plan for that. Block her in with Clockblocked material to get a headstart, then I'd get one chance only to annihilate her car with a second round of time-locked string in an ambush later down the track before she overtook me for good.

That wasn't Plan A. That was Plan... D, or something. Because that was a gamble. If she dodged, or saw it coming, or had a powerful enough backup vehicle that she could scrounge together, or just took a route that I wasn't expecting - the challenge would be over. I'd never get another chance to get ahead of her and set up the trap at a high enough speed where it could stop her and shred her vehicle apart.

No. Plan A was simple. A betrayal of everything this challenge seemed designed to encourage. Something that probably wouldn't work in later challenges if this theme held true. My objective: To turn this into a foot race.

I phase through the wall rather look to navigate around the main entrance. Primarily to prove that I had escape options if the wall wasn't electrified, and also because it would be a lot harder for her to see me coming like this.

It's immediately obvious that whatever she's building, it's going to be a monster. Four engines have already been cannibalised and strung together at the back of her working area, and the shell of the design alone towers over both of us. If she wasn't a Tinker, I'd have labelled it as an over-designed monster truck and walked away confident that it would break down at the first corner. I knew better than to doubt Squealer in her own field.

This garage had more resources. More tools. More half-built vehicles to work with. I could deny her options, perhaps start ferrying things through the wall via my shadow state to stop her from completing her full design. But did I even know what I needed to take away? What, out of this entire workshop, was so critical to her design that it could not work without it? I didn't know. So that eliminated that option.

I could attack her vehicle directly, but my effectiveness wasn't guaranteed - Squealer was well-known for barely-working, lumped-together monstrosities. Far from the sleek, technical designs of Armsmaster - I doubted that doing my best to tear things off or phase screws into the engine would have the effect that it might have on a Tinker with... tighter specifications.

No. All of those things might help. And if I genuinely intended to match her in a Tinkering battle, or to construct something of my own - I might well have tried it. But I wasn't that good. Not done-in-sixty-minutes good. So the core part of my sabotage would be in the most vulnerable part of this vehicles construction: The builder.

"Get away from my ride, bitch!"

The tinker had just noticed my intrusion - and dashed towards me with a first-step that left an indent in the solid floor at her feet. Right. Physical boosts. I sway to the side, dipping and diving away from the untrained-yet-overpowered blows. A Brute rating, but not an absurd one. Yes, she just left a fist-sized imprint in concrete - but as was always the case, speed was the most important aspect. And even if she was faster, she wasn't fast enough to catch me through my host of defensive abilities.

Dip. Duck. Tilt head. If the timer was shorter, I could probably win like this. But constant dodging for sixty-minutes seemed like a tall order when every flailing strike threatened to decapitate me. Even if not for her Brute rating, I couldn't seriously fight her back either. The rules had warned that she would simply respawn if killed or disabled.

Hm.

Parian's power edges a loose thread from my shirt. I freeze it in place directly in the path of a haymaker. A wild, agonised scream emerges from her throat as she practically cleaves her arm in two - the offensive power of her new Brute rating apparently superior to the defensive aspect. To her credit, she keeps attacking. A crazed flurry of attacks that only worsens the blood loss, until even Brute-enhanced attacks slow to a relative crawl - as she limply collapses to the ground-

-only for a second Squealer to stomp over her disintegrating corpse with a bloodthirsty grin on her face and the same vigour that she started out with. No injuries on this one.

Good to know. Good to know. That would be the respawn the rules mentioned. It wasn't a surprise that it had happened, but the interesting part was the timing of when it happened - or rather, when it hadn't happened.

In the end, what did 'disabled' mean, exactly? My power hadn't used the term before in relation to me, but if I had to make an educated guess - I would say that it was some arbitrary line that prevented her from completing any of her objectives for the challenge. Death and unconsciousness obviously counted, and some scenarios were also a given - if I cut off all her limbs and threw her into a garbage bin, for example. She'd never be able to escape, so she'd just respawn in her workshop hale and hearty. But, the effect hadn't triggered after basically losing her right arm just now. Only when she succumbed to blood loss. So what if I just broke a few limbs and left her down the street instead? If there was nothing stopping her from crawling back to her workshop and resuming her task as ineffectually as she could - would that count?

That sounded like an idea to me. However impossible it might seem against the furious juggernaut facing me now, the rules had made it clear that this wasn't just a straight-up buff for her.

Within her domain.

That was the condition for the Brute rating. If I had to guess, that meant this specific workshop. So the second she took a step outside, did that make her a typical human being? That was my interpretation of the rules, and if my power was going to screw me over just because I actually bothered to read them for once - I was going to be pissed.

My ash clone surges to life and sweeps at her leg, I yank on her overextended arm as she stumbles - but I abort the throw and shift into my shadow-state before her other hand blurs through the air where my face just was. A bit too slow on that. I'd been a bit too surprised that it had worked. Her fist dismisses my clone an instant later.

I just needed to bait her over the line. Simply retreating does nothing, she stops a few metres clear of the exit and turns back to her vehicle - apparently debating whether to throw a wrench at me as I inch closer again. Got to trick her. Vista could do it if I could get to charge at full speed before shrinking the space in front of her, leaving her unable to stop or redirect herself before crossing the line. If the opportunity arose, I could try it - but that kind of wild charge just wasn't something she needed to do when I could barely get more than a few inches of breathing room between each strike.

But that same forced-closeness did offer another way to get her over the line. I'd just proven that I could throw her. It sounded stupid to try against a Brute, but she didn't weigh any more than she usually did. She wasn't rooted to the ground more than a regular person. In fact, she was lighter than most people I was used to throwing around at this point.

Dodge left. Backstep. Duck. I stall for the few seconds I need to get my ash clone back, Parian's power teases another thread out from my shirt in case I need it - but the original Clockblocked thread still hasn't faded yet. It could come back in two seconds or two minutes, I couldn't rely on it right now. I dance closer to the open exit of the garage, doing my best to make it not seem deliberate. Squealer hesitates to follow for a moment, only for me to slug her in the face for the indecision. Ineffective, but transitioning into a jab at the eyes does the job. She grabs my arm, attempting to snap it in two before it fades to smoke in her grip. She ineffectually chases for a moment longer, lunging at the still-physical parts of the limb-

-and my ash clone surges to life again next to me, as I grab her arm, pull her up and over me as I fall under her - plant two feet onto her torso and kick her up and over past me as I complete the roll. Ironically, the unyielding nature of her Brute rating actually helps the motion - and with my ash clone suicidally adding its strength to the move coupled with a quick shrinking from Vista, Squealer tumbles through the air with the grace of a sack of potatoes.

Not without consequence. She'd gotten a hand on my left foot - and I'd opted to keep the strength of the motion and delay the shift into my shadow-state rather than risk the strategy as a whole. So my foot... yes. Broken. Pulped, perhaps, would be the best way to describe it. This wasn't a simple case of a snap, but rather that her fingers had closed around it completely and not found any resistance until they reached her palm. My foot was more of a... soup, held in place by the remnants of my shoes.

But all for a worthy cause. Because suddenly, the pace of the fight had slowed. Drastically. My ash clone had remained on the offensive as I launch into a stumbling crawl after them. And this time, my ash clone wasn't being dismissed. The Brute rating was gone, just as I had hoped.

I give the furious, swearing figure a nasty grin. "No tinkering for either of us, I'm afraid." Squealer had some muscle, but little-to-no actual fighting experience. It takes mere moments to twist and snap an arm around and away - which only serves to make it easier to do the same to a leg.

Stop. The mental command to my ash clone is obeyed instantly. I couldn't go too far here. Not without risking crossing whatever arbitrary line my power had set to allow her to respawn. I have the clone drag her by one leg across the street, to the furthest corner on my side of the starting checkpoint - a shame that I didn't seem to be able to roam further, but I could deal with it.

Now, let her start to crawl back. I settle against the wall, idly watching my ash clone pace after the desperate attempts of the crippled Tinker to drag herself across the street back to her workshop - getting around halfway before being roughly dragged back to where she started.

Again. Again. My clone is fast enough to dodge the slow, sweeping kicks that Squealer attempts as it approaches - and even if the simulation is realistic enough to mirror a certain degree of vulgarity, there's no sense of giving up or even shifting her approach to begging like a real person would have by now. Idly, I wonder if its even possible for my foot to completely heal via my usual repeated use of the shadow state. It tended to put things back together slightly better than they were, but was there a limit to that? I could deal with it, obviously - I'd functionally earned myself infinite time here. But putting serious weight on it was a bit of a pain, the speed-state helps with that - letting me practically throw my near-weightless body around with a fraction of the effort.

Ten minutes pass. Twenty. Thirty. I take the time to peer at Squealer's half-started design, trying to probe the idea behind it with Leet's power for insights. Sadly, there wasn't a complete design document for me to look at - so I was limited to guesswork for the specifications of her planned vehicle.

Fourty minutes. I find myself sketching out the mecha-blade that Leet I had worked on with Leet. The recreated drawing was good. Too good. Swift, clean strokes and measurements springing to mind and onto the hasty sketch without even struggling to cast my mind back. Evidently, recreating past design documents was a free bonus with the Tinker powers. I idly burn the schematic into my held Tinker slot. I didn't intend to use it now, but I needed to know how this power interacted with my challenges. I'd have tested it before if I'd had some Tinker schematics to work with, I just hadn't expected that I could recreate the schematics myself to a level of detail that would satisfy my power.

Fifty minutes. I categorise the general types of metal and materials in her workshop, then pile it all up and set fire to it. Just for good measure.

At the sixty minute mark, the walls blocking us from entering the wider street fade away without ceremony. I leave my ash clone to its mission of bullying Squealer and slip it into my speed state. I mentally map out the track as I go, trying to think of good potential ambush spots and tricks I could pull out next time. Because there would most likely be a next time. My power liked to iterate on themes like this sometimes, and when I missed the point of the theme or sidestepped it somehow - I usually just got a slightly harder version that couldn't be exploited so easily.

A narrow spot in the marked road that could be a threat for time-locked objects. A pair of back-to-back blind corners that would make ambushes easy. A small U-turn at checkpoint four where I might have a chance to catch up if I fell behind. A corner through the docks that would send someone hurtling into the sea with a quick application of Vista's powerset to make them misjudge their approach.

Lots of options. But, none of them as good as just not racing in the first place. I couldn't afford to be arrogant and assume that Squealer couldn't surprise me. I'd already slowed myself down against Skidmark by doing that, if I had time for a half-dozen more attempts against him - maybe I could just brute-force the front-door entrance with a more fine-tuned approach. If I had been more deliberate in the earlier failed challenges, if I'd invested more effort into finding him in the crowd earlier - and then, after meeting him, been able to navigate the minefield of a conversation to keep him easily accessible... I could do it differently, if I could just redo the whole thing.

But these were the cards I had. And my best play was to assume that trying to beat Squealer at her own game was doomed to failure. I needed to make her play mine. Combat and treachery. It wasn't about matching her efforts, it was about making her as useless as my baseline self is - and then racing to the finish while she is busy sulking over the smoking wreckage of her masterpiece.

Not this challenge though. It wasn't needed this time around. But I was glad that I was thinking ahead. It was easy to get in the habit of just winging it sometimes, knowing that my power threw enough modifiers and curveballs that I would inevitably need to die a few times to get the trick of it. But nihilism didn't help anything.

I cross the final checkpoint at what would have been merely a gentle jog to the naked eye, thanks to my persistent limp - but there isn't any competition to hurry me along. My speed-state fades on its own as the world collapses around me.

Easy. Nicely done.

SUCCESS

Reward: Tinker: Vehicles (Rugged Designs) (1)​

No second slot. Fine. I wasn't that surprised, the extras from Leet's first few rewards were likely just a one-time thing for getting my first Tinker power. I activate the power and let my mind wander on potential things I could build.

The speciality itself wasn't quite what I'd hoped for. A general vehicle tinker would have been fine. Movement in general would be even better. This sub-speciality seemed focused on the bulky, unstoppable aspects of her usual vehicles. Something that would be amazing if I wanted to build something that could withstand a tank round, or drive through a sandstorm or surge across a muddy trench somewhere. But my ambitions right now were a glider of some kind to help with Skidmark, and all of the ideas I was defaulting towards with this powerset were either too complex for me to do easily, or too large to fit into the instant-build 'box' that my power provided.

It was fine. Squealer was always going to be the hardest power to use out of my haul today. I'm not going to let myself get upset over one of objectively the best days I've ever had with this power - and I wasn't even halfway done yet.

Squealer

Merchant Villain 2/6

(EVNT) (CONT) (REAL)​

The exact same modifier as last time, with a bit of an incentive to not fail - and most likely an additional bit of abuse from my competitor. I could almost hear my power daring me to try the same strategy again, see what happens.

I eye my Tinker slot, noting Leet's blade was still in there. So the held design could be smuggled in and out of challenges. That was good to know. Maybe it could help me prepare in challenges I was completely stuck on, taking in a prepared-design that I could easily find the right resources for - although I wouldn't exactly have many chances to iterate on my failures, the long cooldown on the ability ensured that.

"Challenge."

The cutscene is only slightly different this time. A longer route. Four more gates to pass through, the final three a mad dash along the coastline with little in the way of steering or tricks. A minor disadvantage to me, given that Squealer would definitely be able to max out her speed if she ever got that far - but my intentions were still to never allow her to have an honest race.

Same room. Same sounds next door.

THE GATES WILL UNLOCK IN SIXTY MINUTES.

PASS THROUGH ALL CHECKPOINTS BEFORE YOUR OPPONENT TO COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE

ENEMY PARTICIPANTS WILL GAIN ENHANCED PHYSICAL ABILITIES WITHIN THEIR DOMAIN BEFORE THE GATES OPEN

THE ENEMY PARTICIPANT WILL RESPAWN IF KILLED OR DISABLED​

...same rules. No extra exceptions telling me that I can't go and bother Squealer.

Well. I couldn't entirely dismiss the idea that my power hadn't weighted things against me like that. I could just be dealing with a Squealer that was a little bit smarter, or had more of a priority on defence - or perhaps just had her challenge-provided Brute and Mover ratings enhanced to a level where even I couldn't hope to overcome the physical differences with skill and various defensive powers.

So I had to try. Even if I was doubtful that my power would let me get away with sidestepping the main thrust of the challenge twice.

I phase through the wall.

Pain blossoms in my mouth, my upper torso and my left arm - I'm already reeling back and hurtling back through the wall with my second charge before I even have time to register the honest-to-god autoturret attached to the ceiling of Squealer's workshop.

The taste of copper fills my mouth as I flop onto the floor. My arm would be fine. The torso wounds weren't the end of the world, I'd probably already be dead if it had hit my heart. Cheek wound, straight through both sides of the mouth. I'd been lucky to have my head turned, or it might have gone through the back of my throat instead - and I didn't trust my ability to heal from that in time.

Not that I trusted Shadow Stalker's healing abilities much at all when it came to serious injuries. I dump the last charge into a full-body phase. It was always a secondary aspect of her power that I appreciated, but rarely relied upon. It phases my fleshy body out, and when I phase back in - it puts things back together in a way that is slightly more 'correct'. It helped with avoiding scars or lasting cuts, but the effect was slight enough that it was only really that effective when done repeatedly over time. That had gotten easier now that I had the extra charges of the shadow state refuelling constantly - but still, nothing compared to what a real healing factor could do.

I shift into the shadow state again the instant my shortest charge recovers. One second at a time. I'd only tested this on minor injuries. Five charges could stop a simple knife cut across my palm from bleeding. Fifteen would remove every last trace that something had happened. How long would it take to close the bullet wounds in my chest? Would it be more efficient to only phase out certain parts of my body? I sink onto my back, a lethargic sense of weakness leaving me laying down in a steadily-expanding pool of my own blood.

"Woo! You deserve that. What, did you really think I would leave my babies unprotected? Think again, fucker! You're lucky Skids isn't here, a bullet in the skull would have been a mercy for even trying to fuck with me!" The triumphant call from next door seeps into my ears. These walls are pretty thin, I can hear every word and she clearly knows it. "Maybe think about your mistakes for a bit, or save us both the trouble and just off yourself the next time around!"

I grit my teeth. Ignore it. Or, don't ignore it. Get mad. Think of all the violent things I wanted to do to shut her up, get focused on that - and use that to keep awake enough to blow through my shadow state charges.

I phase again. Don't fall unconscious. That was the most important thing. Every phase I got off, took me one massive step closer to survival. Assuming I healed at the same rate all across my body, I would be stopping any internal bleeding just as quickly as the external wounds - and I already knew how fast those could be slowed and stopped. I didn't need to worry about anything else. Squealer wasn't going to chase after me and try to finish me off. She was focused on building her car. I could sit here and heal as much as I could unimpeded, aside from the occasional bit of mocking abuse she sent my way through the wall. That was as ideal as it could get, given the circumstances - most other opponents would have killed me while I was down. It almost felt a little strange having the challenge work in my favour for once.

Phase. Phase again. I spit blood off to the side. Apart from the faint whistling through my cheeks as I try and breathe, I'd say the lesser wounds were done. I shake off the sensation of dizzyness, belatedly realising that all of my charges were back. Phase. Phase. Phase. Had I lost unconsciousness for a moment there? Or, just a lapse of focus due to blood loss?

Doesn't matter. I was past the worst of it now. Phase out. This time, I start to push myself back out of the pool of sticky, goopy blood that had yet to decide if it wanted to congeal properly or not yet. Still a bit woozy. I brush my hand against my cheek. A definite hole, but already slightly patched over. A few more uses of the shadow state would fix that too.

Most importantly, the wounds had healed enough to stop bleeding - which probably meant that the internal wounds I'd suffered had stopped bleeding as well. It didn't really matter if a perfect recovery would need another ten shadow states or a hundred - I could just use it on cooldown until the time ran out while I was doing other things. Now that I wasn't at risk of outright dying, things could only get better.

27:52

Aside from the timer. That only got worse. A little over half my allotted time spent drooling on the floor as a barely-coherent mess. It was avoidable, honestly. I could see in my shadow state, so if I had devoted an extra charge to just taking stock of the situation before materialising I'd have still had the third charge to escape once the bullets started passing through me ineffectually. I could have sent my ash clone in first, even if it couldn't talk or relay its experiences to me - the instantaneous nature of its death after phasing through the wall would have been educational.

Too late to worry about that.

And it didn't matter anyway. I still wasn't intending to build, and any hope of completely sabotaging Squealer was already dead the moment that turret showed up. Maybe my ash clone could do a suicide run through and attempt to cause issues, but it was probably a futile effort at this stage.

No, this would be all about putting those tricks and traps I had scouted out in the previous challenge to use. The downside of that, was the strong possibility that the CONT modifier would still be in place next challenge as well - at which point...

I glance down at the dirt at my feet. At which point she would be too cautious to lose in the same way. She'd take the long way around, or make it run along walls to avoid being caught by me on the ground. Running into time-locked string was something she'd only fall for once.

So. Time to plan ahead again. Assuming I win this round, assuming I can slice her vehicle to ribbons or pile it into the sea before she can overtake me - how was I going to win the third challenge?

Tinkering, I suppose. I didn't have another set of trump cards, other than turning the course into a deathtrap. I still had the Tinker slot. Having seen the first level of Squealer's power, there was no point trying to save it for Skidmark - it wanted too much for even a conservative design to fit within the 'box' that the slot could paste the design into. I might not be able to conjure up the absurd wizardry of some of Leet's better inventions at my current level, but I understood what the power actually wanted me to do - and that had to count for something.

And I didn't need to entirely make my own design. The Tinker power I was drawing from was 'Prototype', after all. Take a base design, and start adding to it. More features. New ideas. Every invention a step above the last, forced onwards by the ever-increasing probabilities of the quirks in the original design making themselves known. And even if I only had one design made by someone that knew what they were doing - the mecha-blade designed for a robot several times my weight and size - that was a pretty useful design to start with when I really, really wanted to just destroy Squealer's tank in the kind of straight-up fight that she would never expect after my intended plans for this race.

I lean down to scrawl on the floor. I wasn't a mech, so the power systems that fed the slicing motion of the blade would be the first issue. Fortunately, I had plenty of space and weight to sacrifice if I wanted it to be human-portable. If I could settle it over my arms and shoulders as if I was fulfilling the control systems and aiming, I wouldn't need to keep any of the more complex joints - I wasn't sword-fighting here, one angle was more than enough if it had enough power to cleave Squealer's ride in half. No hydraulics, I don't have the materials. I'd need to liberate one of the engines in my garage as a starting source of power, but the sheer amount of power that the blade would want to generate would burn through too much to allow it to be portable over the course of the race.

Not a problem if I just attacked her right out of the starting gates. I didn't need longevity, I'd either destroy her or lose immediately - no in-between. There was a question of if I actually had the right materials to stand up to the pressures the blade would output on the frame holding it, and I was pretty sure that the answer to that was no. If I didn't want it spinning uselessly, I'd need to either ground it or fill that role myself. The latter, probably. No getting around it, I would probably break my arms using it, especially if the critical failure happened to trigger - a greatly enhanced possibility given that this was the second iteration of the design, however different it would be. It wasn't a bad thing, I knew about it, I could use it - I might even need it, depending on how beefy her final design ended up being. I didn't need working arms anyway, my legs alone could take me to the finish line if Squealer was out of the picture.

I note the timer absently as it ticks down to the final two minutes. I'd really lost track of time here. The design wasn't done - or, it was fully functional, but it didn't fit in the 'box' that my power could paste in and my scrounging of the workshop hadn't quite located all of the materials required. I needed some time to fit some more compromises in somewhere. But, that was the great part about doing this planning in advance with full access to all the materials that I was likely to have around me: I wasn't even planning to use it this round. This was next round's plan, which meant I would have another hour to pull off the finishing touches I needed.

Or, if I was really lacking in confidence - there was no reason I couldn't sub out some of the work into a completely unrelated challenge against a stranger. I wouldn't have the materials at hand to verify I could build every change I made, but sketching out every joint and bolt took time even if I knew roughly what I wanted to do.

Squealer has already lined up at the entrance of the 'gate'. Not that it was the best way to describe it. 'Checkpoint one', perhaps? Something that didn't have the implication that it stopped us from leaving. We could sidestep around it, but the rest of the city just wasn't very interesting. The usual empty streets and abandoned houses that were so typical of the challenges that wanted to be completed in a certain way.

Last chance to see Squealer's design before things got too hectic. I take it in for a few seconds. This was probably what my adapted mecha-blade would have to cut through when I made it next round, assuming all went to plan here. I was fortunate that it, at least, wasn't an actual tank. No obvious weapons to speak of. But it was the armour I was most interested in. I couldn't claim to be a true materials expert, but at a glance... if the blade could cleave through Leet's mechs, it could go through that even if I had opted to sacrifice a bit of power. She'd clearly prioritised speed and manoeuvrability rather than the thickness of the armour or protecting the core underneath it. That worked for me. As long as I didn't tip my hand, I had two unique paths to victory that she wouldn't have accounted for in her design.

"You're really going to try and beat me on foot?" Squealer pops out of a hatch at the top long enough to ask the question. "You do know my speciality, right?"

"I'm aware." I nod. "Junk on wheels, everyone knows it."

"Junk? Junk!?" She takes the bait as expected, zeroing in on me with a hateful expression. "You can talk shit about me, I don't give a fuck. But nobody talks down on my babies, got that?"

I purse my lips. I hadn't expected her to just brush off any trash-talk, but that angle was apparently more effective than I had anticipated. All the better for my ash clone, wielding Parian's power to run the biggest length of string that I could freeze through every open hatch and exposed axle it could find from range. Without the opportunity to see me in action before, she had no idea that there were potentially two 'people' to watch out for - so the possibility of someone exploiting her line of sight to levitate some string towards her truck would never occur to her. It was unfair, certainly. There was, functionally, nothing she could do to avoid this opening blow without knowing in advance - and that was exactly what I wanted for all of my challenges. Enough tricks that I would run out of a person's challenges before I ran out of exploits.

"I don't see any reason to talk shit about you. It's hardly your fault that you got such a terrible power. You work so hard as a Tinker, and you end up with that?" I make an expressive gesture at her vehicle. "I'll be amazed if the wheels don't fall off in the first few seconds."

"Oh, you're dead." She promises. "We'll see how you like the wheels when they're pasting your skull into the dirt! Fucker! I'm going to run you over the first thing I do, that's a promise."

"If you can get off the starting line." I give her a winning smile as she ducks back into her vehicle. Nine seconds. Eight. Seven. The tip of the string floats out from under the bottom of the car to meet me as I sidle closer to meet it. Squealer makes a threatening gesture, but clearly mirrors or cameras were overlooked in this design, because she doesn't seem to notice the light brush of my finger against the thread before I return to my 'side' of the street.

Three seconds. Squealer revs menacingly, belching out smoke from all sides of her creation. I shift into my shadow state, the brief moment of paralysis taking over. Two. One. The gates vanish as the world slows down for me, treating me to the beautiful sight of Squealer attempting to accelerate to her top speed with all the power of multiple frankenstein-ed engines with every possible safety feature removed - only for all of that power to go towards the noble goal of separating cables and axles into pieces. The burst in speed would probably have been impressive, even in my speed-state I could see how it lunged forward - only for the rest of the frame to find that it was held tight as if stuck in solid concrete. Judging from the hissing scream, the result hadn't just been a complete deadlock akin to some overpowered brakes - the steady drip of fluid starting to form underneath the car as I hotfoot it away is a sign that my ash clone really did some magic with the string.

God I love this power combination.

And the best part? She now had a choice between diagnosing the problem, or trying to win the race. Sure, if she waited around for a minute or three - my time lock would fade, most of her vehicle would be usable with some minor tweaks, and she'd doubtless recognise Clockblocker's power in action if she hopped down to take a look - costing me the element of surprise the next time she ran into me.

But she would lose if she did that. And while it was hard to judge in cases like this where my power bothered to simulate personalities, I knew that these simulations hated to lose above all else. They had priorities, and stopping me was right at the top of them. Without the benefit of repetition and frustration, Squealer wasn't thinking about how to stonewall me next round - she was thinking of how she could still win this one. And that meant getting back into the race now, rather than spend precious minutes and seconds to see what I had done.

And if I was wrong? Then she'd sit there analysing and fixing the damage for at least a few minutes at the absolute minimum - and my lead would become utterly unassailable. Win-win. There was a reason I'd felt so confident in victory that I'd spent my given time for this round plotting for the next one.

I'm a little over halfway through the course when the roar of an engine roars in the distance. Here she comes. I should just assume that she's fast enough to catch up, rather than committing to a race that I might lose. I consider my mental map of the race course. Checkpoint nine, overlooking the Boat Graveyard - a narrow road with a tight corner leading through the logical route through the checkpoint - I could make it there and set up an ambush before she caught up.

I'm right. Barely. Squealer must have already had a backup vehicle prepared - or her initial one had some backup to it - because she's far closer than I had expected. I barely have time to set up another string across the centre of the road and hide around the corner before she comes screaming down the road towards me. A sleeker design than what she started with, I couldn't tell at a glance if it was part of the first vehicle I saw or just a secondary one that she had bashed together. Not important. What was important was that it had eaten up my lead in mere minutes - racing her straight-up was even more futile than I thought, I figured she would maybe manage to average about 50% faster than sprinting in my speed-state - going up to double on the final straight. Instead, she must be doing at least double my speed on the turn-heavy, obstacle laden start of the course - with an additional top speed that I had yet to even see.

What a pain for thinking of future ways to beat her. But it didn't matter how fast it was this time.

Because you couldn't break Clockblocked objects with pure speed. Those objects would break you.

Her new ride doesn't split down the middle as it crashes into the tripwire-like obstruction, but it does crumple around it - coming to a halt in a scrunched-up ball of screeching metal before I can even blink. I duck away as my forcefield tanks a hit from stray debris and flickers to nothing. I step closer to the wreckage - then stop. It's immediately obvious that there's no need to find and restrain Squealer. The few parts of her body that haven't been turned into salsa only survived by virtue of crashing through the windshield separately instead. Apparently seatbelts weren't a priority for this design. Not that they would have helped at all, but still.

She'd have respawned already. I don't see how she would have the time to make another backup vehicle beyond this one, but I should get going anyway. Back into the speed state I go.

True to expectations, I don't even hear a whisper of activity behind me when I jog across the finish line eleven minutes later.

SUCCESS

Reward: Squealer +​

As expected. I spare a glance at Squealer herself, looking for any changes in her attitude. Nothing too obvious. Looks like she's still firmly on Team Skidmark. Fine.

If I win two in a row, that would probably start to change.

Better get on that, see where I end up. The way I might approach this conversation with over half of the participants halfway-mastered and the way I would approach it with all of them willing to help hide my body were entirely different.

Squealer

Merchant Villain 3/6

(EVNT) (CONT) (REAL)​

No difference. Not even an extra modifier. That almost gives me more pause than seeing something like BERS or GANG being added, at least I had some idea of how different the approach would need to be.

Or, was the trick purely in the CONT modifier? I knew for a fact that Squealer could make cars that could fly, and who even knows what else besides - was this something closer to a gauntlet, where I have to race my way through her challenges before she does Tinker bullshit to improve her ride so much that she completes the course in ten seconds flat?

"Challenge." Having a Thinker power would be nice. Pre-cog. Would it work with my challenges? Probably not. That sounded too convenient for my power to allow.

Same course. No changes this time. Same introduction. Same timer. Same location.

What's not the same, is the fact that twenty-four seconds into our prep time, the wall dividing our two workshops collapses - and the exact truck that Squealer had on the start line at the previous challenge trundles over the rubble.

"Bet you think you're real smart!" Squealer crows at me through her speakers as I stagger backwards, ash clone already stirring to life next to me. "Well. Good for you. I wanted an honest race, on account of me being such a honest and upright person." I don't hear a trace of sarcasm in her voice. "But no, I see that was a mistake."

I cough, waving away dust from my face. "All's fair in love and war?" She shouldn't have her Brute rating inside my workshop, but unless I could actually reach her through the cockpit - that wasn't something I could use. Three uses of my shadow state - could I make it there in three seconds? Maybe, maybe not. I'd be relying on absolutely no electricity being present in the lower workings of the vehicle that I would be trying to jump up through - and that seemed like a long shot. Maybe with Vista, I could find an angle to go through the windshield? It wouldn't do anything if she reversed, or if she had weapons that could hurt or disrupt my shadow state - not something I usually needed to worry about, but I didn't fight many Tinkers.

She continues morosely. "It's my fault, I get it. Skids would have set me straight if he was here - treat it like a real competition, knock the fucker's dead so they never get the chance to fuck you - that's what he'd have said." I edge one foot in front of the other. A trio of turrets emerge to point at me. "Don't fucking move. Bitch." She doesn't change her tone. "I won't lie, I'm not used to being on my own - no backup like this. Doesn't sit right with me, after all this time. Never been a leader. But, I know what Skidmark would say. What he would want to do. In some ways, it's like he's still right here."

"You're probably the only person in the city that actually likes the guy." I throw out. It was true. A miracle even to me.

Something bright skims off of my forcefield. I let out a tight grin. Great. Didn't even see the gun twitch before I was hit. So much for watching the lasers charge and dodging based off of that or something. Movies lied to me.

"He's got good ideas. A vision. Ambition. Strength. Up here." She taps her head. "The Merchants started from nothing, and grew up under the noses of every major power in the city. No consequences. Nobody's afraid we're going to get too strong, or have too much influence. Nobody checks to see who the 'independent' drug dealers report to. None of the Capes are going to admit to being scared of a guy called Skidmark, or his girl called Squealer. Joke names, right? Why would they call themselves that, are they stupid? Works well. We don't get bothered, and all it cost was a little disrespect from people we don't like anyway."

I raise a hand. "I've always been curious actually, were the names supposed to be a car thing - or just a generically rude thing? PHO always used to argue about it, but now you've got someone called Mush and I just don't see the relevance to cars. Does that mean that your name was always a sex thing or-" My forcefield flickers and dies again. Just recharged that too.

She gives me a disgusted look. "And here's the downside of that strategy. No respect from people at all until we teach it the hard way."

"Well, the way you talk about him - you should be pleased that Skidmark's plan is working so well, right? I think this is the first time I've seen someone in these challenges actually hype up someone else like this." My eyes practically glow as I take in her expression. "It's interesting, because it means those thoughts are core enough to your personality that my simulation picked it up. You're a little bit too dependent on him, don't you think?"

"We're partners, was that supposed to be a 'gotcha'?" She quizzes, bemused.

"PHO will be glad to have their suspicions about your low standards confirmed." I drawl. It wasn't a deal-breaker. Clara's 'boyfriend' had worked out pretty well for me. This would be no different, either because Skidmark would become a hot chick too - or Skidmark would get to become a cuck. I was fine with either. Or both.

Hell, I might even enjoy the process of stealing Squealer away from Skidmark. It would be hard to find a more deserving target.

"And, no. Wasn't really trying to make a point out of anything." I shrug. "Just talking to myself, noting down a weakness I can use - speaking out loud is a good memory trick, I've always found."

"Hardly a weakness." She scoffs. "And you're talking to me, in case you forgot."

"You're not a person." I counter instantly. "You don't matter. You're an aspect of my power simulating the real world, and not much more than that. Your only value is in losing, and giving me insight into the real person you're trying to emulate."

Maybe it was rude to point out, but I wasn't about to start being polite to someone that clearly intended to kill me once she finished gloating. This wasn't like how Sophia's challenge had ended up. She hadn't been so explicitly opposed to me in her mission, but I would wager that nothing short of a Master power would stop Squealer from using any means to win this 'race'. Including, apparently, driving the next best thing to a tank through the wall to kill me before I could even start on a plan to oppose her.

"Is that what you think?" She shrugs. "Let's not waste either of our time then. Let's just call this returning the favour, since you obviously have no intention of racing properly."

I tense, cycling through powers rapidly. Attack, or defend? Three seconds could be enough to escape through the other wall behind me, and I'd only need a momentary pause to escape the general vicinity of the workshop - but equally, there was no reason she couldn't just charge her vehicle through that wall too and crush me as I try and enter my speed state. I could attack, I'm certain I would win if I could get into the cockpit - but I'd be charging right into a trio of obviously-Tinkertech weapons that were primed and ready. "You know, I figured it was just going to be that kind of race - but if you want something a little more honest, I'm sure I could-"

"Too late." She dismisses - and the fight is on.

The first shot goes wide, the work of Vista's power shrinking space at an angle in front of me. I'm already moving, my ash clone spinning to life as I phase out and-

FAILURE​

-tumble to the ground bonelessly as my shadow state abandons me, a gaping hole apparent in my torso as I find myself staring down at my own corpse.

"Annoying." I mutter. Lasers do work on my shadow state. Or, some of them, at least. Noted. Not that many people used them in the Bay. Coil's mercs, if they were even still around these days. Kid Win. Gallant? The mechanics might be different on that one, I'd need to find out what it was about the lasers that could damage me - a certain type of energy? Heat or light? Did it have to be Tinkertech, or would weaker, more mundane technologies work too? I wasn't even that worried about my future challenges, but rather my real-life self. The shadow state was right at the core of my defensive abilities that I trusted to keep myself alive and well. I could always rechallenge my simulations another day, but I was pretty sure no respawns were going to happen in real life.

That was frustrating. Super frustrating, because I had a plan. A great plan. A plan that would still work, even now that I knew she was going to try and kill me from the outset every time. I just hadn't anticipated that she would be willing to stray from the challenge 'rules' personally, even after experiencing her previous defeat via the CONT modifier.

And, not to mention, I was pretty sure she didn't start out with a fully-functional vehicle like that the first time. Whether that was just the starting resources she got at this level of the challenge, or if it was a particularly disgusting synergy between a Tinker and the CONT modifier to carry the fruits of their power forward - I couldn't be sure.

It wasn't completely doomed. I didn't really need the workshop for my plan to work, my Tinker power would work just as well on any random crap that I could gather together from the abandoned buildings along the edge of the racetrack and deeper into the ruined city. I had a solid few seconds from the start of the match to escape, which was presumably Squealer getting into her vehicle, starting it up and steering it in the direction of the wall dividing us - I could easily slip out of the side and be gone in the twenty-or-so seconds it took for her to do that. I could come back later once the race was about to start, armed with my adjusted mecha-blade - and I'd be golden.

But even if the plan still worked, it couldn't be done right now. It was the third challenge. The cooldown next to Squealer proudly declared the start of a ninety-minute timer before I could try again.

I'll admit it stung. Got a bit too cocky, a bit too confident that I was the only one that could and would game the rules of the challenge if given the opportunity. At least I hadn't revealed my hand, if she'd tried that a few minutes later - I'm pretty sure she'd have been able to deduce the purpose of the mecha-blade if I'd had the chance to copy-paste it into the world.

No. That wasn't a problem. The inconvenience was temporary. The problem-

"U-um, should I let him go now?" Mush tentatively suggests. "I think you've reminded him that you're the boss, so-"

"Shut the fuck up." Skidmark snaps. "Don't think this is all about him. This is about you too. Where the fuck have you been? I explicitly told you to be here, and you think you can just sneak out? I thought I made it all real clear how things worked in the Merchants last time, and yet here you are - leaving me out to dry again. I really think I'm just being too nice, and people think I'm a fucking joke for it. That's what we were just talking about back in there, wasn't it - Seven?" He sighs heavily. "What do I have to do to make it stick?" He tilts his head towards his partner. "Squeals?"

She straightens. "You're right, Skids! They're not appreciating your leadership properly. Gotta teach em a lesson."

"I'm appreciating it! I really did have a good reason for not being around-" Mush attempts, but falls silent as Skidmark turns to glare at her.

"One nobody getting a little too big for his britches. One dumb bitch with powers too scatterbrained to remember who the boss is around here." Skidmark paces back and forth for a moment, then turns to me. "Set him down." He orders, and Mush hastens to obey. He circles around me. "What do I do with you. A part of me isn't really that mad, you know? Because, you know? I really did want Mush here, give her a piece of my mind after skipping out on the one part of the event I specifically instructed her to be there for-" We both ignore the audible gulp above us. "-and maybe in a regular gang, this would have earned you some real kudos. A nice pat-on-the-back for being such a smarmy little go-getter." He pauses in his circling, hands coming up to grip my face. "Am I right? That makes sense to you, doesn't it?"

"Yes boss." I grind out.

"But does this look like a regular fucking gang to you?" He hisses at me, eyes wide and pupils almost seeming to spasm. "Do you think this is a fucking meritocracy? You think that you do a good job, fucking Santa is going to swing by and give you a fat bonus and a promotion? Is that what you think?" He doesn't give me a chance to answer. "Well it fucking isn't! This is MY gang, we go by MY rules and do things MY way. You want to move up in the gang, you've got to shut the fuck up and gargle my balls if I tell you to. And if I don't tell you to do something, you don't fucking do a goddamn thing. You think I got the gang this far, without getting stomped flat by the slanty-eyed fucks or the Nazis, by letting people do whatever the fuck they want? No. Everything goes through me. Someone gets the bright idea to expand our business into Lung's heartland, I don't give a fuck if it makes us ten billion dollars a week - it better have fucking gone through me or I'll have his fucking balls served up on a platter! You think you're different? You think you're better?" He pauses. "Tell me!"

I spy an opening in the conversation. "Sorry boss." This wasn't the Skidmark I'd seen earlier in the evening. That one had been a thug, but a thug in good company. Who wanted to look strong and in control to all the people around him. To be seen as a good sport, a good leader. This one... just looked like he was halfway towards deciding to shoot me in the head. I was suddenly wishing that I had a proper audience again rather than his two loyal Capes.

"And that should be the end of it, should it? We shake hands, promise not to do it again, and walk away?" Skidmark questions. "Absolutely fucking not! Do you think I'm a joke!?"

His leg comes up, and I have the smallest fraction of a second to reluctantly deactivate my forcefield before his foot plants itself into my crotch. I double over around the blow, sinking down momentarily with an involuntary whimper of pain. No matter how many gory ways I've been killed, nothing quite trumps the natural response to that feeling. What a piece of shit, doing that to his fellow man - even I rarely did that with life and death on the line. What was his excuse?

"See, I think this is more serious than that. Some fucking lowlife piece of shit, who doesn't seem to get how things work around here, sees that he's fucked up and doesn't even seem to realise how badly he's fucked up. If I shoot you, right now-" He waves a delicate pistol in the air. "-not a single fucking soul will know or care about what happened to you. I can toss your corpse into a dumpster, and you'll be in good company - don't worry. I can do whatever the fuck I want around here, so if you want to live - maybe you should really start considering the fucking consequences on the table here!"

I swallow lightly as I push myself back up to a standing position. In hindsight, this whole thing was an overstep. I had a good thing going infiltrating the party. I could have just waited, seen how things unfolded - but I'd seen the chance to go all-in and tag every Cape in the gang, and hadn't been able to resist. I was happy with the results from a power-perspective, it was just...

...I didn't like this situation. I wanted to go back, three, four minutes in real life time and just ditch Mush after getting back into the entrance. I maybe could have gotten a glance at Squealer as she entered without me after slipping away, and I could have gotten everything the same... without the bit where the increasingly unstable, furious drug lord was stalking circles around me with his twitchy finger on the trigger. Every time the gun jabbed forward, I had to disable my forcefield in case he accidentally knocked against it - just a few millimetres above my skin. Moments of vulnerability, but so far, he'd either been keeping a distance or had pressed the gun against somewhere less lethal - evidently considering shooting out my kneecaps or something similar instead.

If he pointed it at my head, I was going to attack. I could likely survive everything else with my shadow state, but I wasn't lowering my forcefield for that. Not for an infiltration that was looking increasingly doomed.

He smirks. "Hah. That's a better expression. Fear. That's a good start."

What?

...was I afraid?

The gut reaction to that thought was a macho one. I'd faced far worse in my challenges. And even in real life, plenty of people had pointed a gun at me during my regular patrols. Oni Lee would have happily killed me if he had the chance - and he had definitely tried. This was nothing in comparison. A tense conversation with someone that I'd pissed off a little, nothing more.

But they hadn't quite been like this. Those had been fights, when the blood was pumping and all bets were off. I'd never been in any doubt that an attack might be coming, always been sure about what my response should be.

And I didn't have that here. It was an uncomfortable position, not knowing if this was simply a power move - where the appropriate apologies, begging and acting would be enough for me to get away unscathed and into an advantageous position - or if this was something more serious. I didn't know. I didn't have that kind of insight into Skidmark. I'd thought that I had an idea based on PHO comments and my own observations, but the reality was that this man was currently experiencing near-enough every reason-inhibiting vice known to man all at once. The drugs. The drink. The fury. The wounded pride. Any psychological assessment was useless here, and that made him impossible to predict.

...and, maybe, yes. That put me on edge. Not the kind of fear that had you trembling at night, too scared to move - but the nervous tension of staring down a predator, hoping silently that both of you can just walk away.

Or, not. It would genuinely be a relief if he tried to kill me. I had plans for that. Skidmark was weak in close quarters in general, so long as he didn't have any charged-up fields on his costume - which he didn't. Mush couldn't do anything to me as long as I stayed close to her allies. Squealer wouldn't be able to do anything until she got to her tools or vehicles - both of which were more than a few paces away and I doubted her ability to contribute for the same reasons as Mush. I'd need to hurry and escape before the guards came to see the commotion, but between my ash clone and I - there would be no issues overcoming Skidmark and neutralising him. He was the only one that could slow or prevent my escape with his fields, at which point I could utilise Vista's power to reach and then phase through the wall to the right - dropping me in a fenced-off parking area where the guards weren't patrolling. Speed-state, leave - nobody would be able to spot or catch me by the time the alarm was truly raised.

Easy. Textbook. It was one of the most obvious, likely outcomes of this scenario - I'd be a fool not to consider potential ways to escape with my cover blown. I could do it. I was confident in it. Should I do it? What were the downsides? What were the potential upsides of staying? With ninety minutes on Squealer anyway, was it better just to leave and come back for the real assault later? Maybe not. Being infiltrated by a Cape would probably be the end of this party.

What if he was pointing a gun at the back of my head right now, as he circles around behind me? I had my forcefield up, but what if he tried to punch me - and realised I was a Cape? Was he that crazy, or was this just intimidation to let off some steam?

"See, if you're afraid - you're starting to understand the situation. Realising that I've got all the fucking power here - and your position, is one where you need to beg me not to use it." He continues. "But even if you look scared, you don't look sorry. That's the problem I've got with you." He leans in. "You look pissed. You look angry. You look like you want to fight me."

I shake my head. "That ain't me, boss." I cough. "Just a bit tense, that's all-"

A spike of pain in my leg. The dull roar of a bullet. It takes me a moment to realise that I've been shot, and I'm already on the ground by the time the thought registers. I grit my teeth, dismissing the instinctive ash-clone summon before it can form a noticeable eddy in the air. Not a fight. Not yet. Or, should I fight? This felt like a flex from him, but what if he just kept shooting me until it was too late to fight back? Was this my best chance? Or- I stifle those thoughts. They didn't help. What helped the most right now was making appropriately agonised sounds. Something that came pretty natural to me right now, funnily enough.

He looms over me as Squealer and Mush do their best to look interested in the wall and ceiling. "And you're still fucking lying." He scowls. "Too much ego. Too much attitude. That's the reason I didn't want people like you in with the rest of us in the first place, because you look at everyone here and think you deserve better. The people around here, they understand how things work - they know when to push for more, when to keep it to themselves. Some new punk comes in with no understanding of the rules that keeps this place running, nobody wants to see that."

I still my groaning. I was stronger than this. Just needed to pilot my way out of this, and I'd be back in control. "Sorry." I attempt again. "I'll do better next time."

"You're saying the words, but I don't believe you." He leans in. "You think I don't know what it looks like, when someone is looking down on me? You still think that you're better. Even now. You think Ol' Skidmark is too shitfaced to notice? Hm? Or are you going to call me a liar?"

"I really don't! You've got me all wrong." I raise my hands up, still unable to push myself up from the ground. "I was just trying to above and beyond, prove myself a little - didn't expect it to be taken all that seriously. Again, I'm sorry. I won't do it again."

"You'll call me a liar then." He nods. "Kiss my boots."

I blink. "What?"

"You heard me. Pucker up." He gestures downwards. "You're really trying to convince me that you're sorry? That you understand your place in the system? That you understand that I'm the fucking boss? You really want to claim that you don't have the kind of ambition or ego that just won't work around here? Then crawl along the fucking ground and kiss my shitty boots. Thank me for the privilege."

I grimace, not moving.

His eyes twinkle knowingly at me. "Shouldn't this be easy? We're in good company. It's not exactly a public humiliation. All you've got to do is show your sincerity. I'll forgive everything. Even pay for that leg of yours to be fixed up right. It's not too much to ask, is it? If you're really sincere, I don't see any reason why you would hesitate at all."

"I'm not doing that." That's it for the infiltration. But... Skidmark was right. I did have too much of an ego here. The right amount of ass-kissing would probably be enough to appease Skidmark, but... it was also Skidmark. I'd already stretched the limits of my patience and ego just pretending to be his subordinate for a while. I wasn't going to humiliate myself just to hope he gave me another chance. Even with the promise of turning the tables a bit faster, it was one disgrace too far. He was right. I did think that I was better than pretty much everyone here. I did deserve better. I did deserve to be on top.

And I wasn't willing to pretend otherwise.

"Yeah." Skidmark murmurs softly. "I figured you would say that." His boot crashes into my face at full power. Broken jaw? No, it didn't feel that bad. Still painful. I go with the blow as best I can, exaggerating the impact slightly. "Then we're done talking."

The air around me turns green.

The feeling of being hurtled back by a concentrated field being placed on top of me is familiar by this point. The second field to blast me through mid-air? That was new. I didn't know he could do that. Actually, no. He probably just set that one up in advance and just flung me into it - I just never saw it because I hadn't turned around.

I activate my forcefield as I tumble through the air - ground or wall, I didn't want to land on my head at this speed - especially as I get sent at an angle through a third field. Then a fourth.

Then the hole in the wall that Mush had made entering. Or, at least, that was what Skidmark had been aiming for. He either slightly miscalculated, or didn't care if I died - because I glance off the edges of it - sending me into a wild spin and bringing half of the already-damaged wall coming down around me while my momentum keeps me rolling and bouncing further into the courtyard. The lights and sounds of the party coming to a momentary pause as Skidmark steps through the enlarged hole in the wall to follow in my wake.

Ouch. As much work as the forcefield did there, it was already gone by the time I hit the actual ground and started to slow. I can't move around too much to check, but I've got a broken rib or three from that - and my right arm isn't much better. He definitely didn't care if he killed me or not with that. My face is bleeding, and I wouldn't be surprised if I've picked up a number of other cuts and bruises while coming to a stop.

And a normal person would definitely be struggling after hitting the wall like that, assuming that they hadn't outright died. So the smartest thing I could do right now, was not draw any attention to the fact that aside from a few bruises and cracked ribs - I was actually in pretty good shape. I'd beaten plenty of challenges in far worse shape than this.

Of course, this was real life - things were a little different. But my confidence in my own skills was unchanged. And now? Without that uncertainty hanging over my head? Even with a few light injuries, I was already feeling far better than I felt inside. I was getting kicked out. I had a clear objective, just to follow that outcome to the end - and keep myself safe while doing it. I could heal from all of this eventually. And if he intended to kill me, he probably wouldn't have thrown me out here for everyone to see. It wasn't like I'd betrayed the gang or anything, I'd just offended some his sensibilities in a way that he had taken way too personally. He didn't want to be seen as someone who executed people randomly - not in public, at least. But flexing his powers like this on an easy target? I probably should have guessed that would be his preference.

"Sorry cocksuckers, just taking out the trash." Skidmark drawls. "This smarmy little shit seemed to think he was too good to be out here partying with all of you, and you know? He seemed to think he was too good to be following orders inside too. What do you all think about that? Think this stupid little cunt is the kind of person you want for a leader? Should I be quaking in my boots that he's coming for my position?"

I do my best to not move as the crowd laughs and jeers. Supposed to have broken limbs, Greg. Just wait. He'll get bored of it.

Skidmark reaches my position. "Ah, guess they don't love you that much after all. And you seemed so popular earlier too, shame you had to fuck it up." Skidmark paces closer to me. "It's not a surprise. Truth be told. I figured this was how you would end up the moment you asked to get inside. It was only a question of how long it would take. I could have denied you there, but I actually like the steady supply of new idiots coming here - not actually part of the gang, thinking they can make a big splash because they think we're a joke. We don't lose anything no matter what happens to them, and everyone already here gets a great reminder of how things work on the regular. Thanks for being today's example. A regular fucking hero, that's what you are."

He spits, and the slick sensation of wetness appears on my neck. Gross.

"You're not welcome in my party. This is for real Merchants. Cos we're all a big family. Ain't that right?" A roar surges up from the crowd in response. "We don't need fucking leeches who think that they deserve better than everyone else, for no fucking reason!" The crowd cheers again. "We don't want any fucking morons stopping us from becoming the top gang in the city!" Another roar. "The only thing keeping us from that goal this whole time, has been our number of Capes - and look who we have here! Mush! Get over here! Show everyone what you can do!"

The crowd whistles in appreciation as various clanking noises reach my ears.

"Alright, Mush. Let's showcase just how much strength you can pack into that frame of yours. Pick this arrogant prick up, and hurl him out of the party for good! Set a high score!" Skidmark jeers, the crowd surging to support the idea a moment later.

A few seconds later, I find myself getting picked up by Mush - who seems to have bolstered her original frame to stand a bit taller than before. "I'm really, really sorry about all of this." She whispers frantically as she draws me close to her 'core' where her body was hiding. "I didn't think- well. I misunderstood the situation a bit. I didn't think he would flip out on you like that. It's- I'm sorry. I want to do something but- there's nothing to do. There's nothing else. Nowhere else."

"Don't worry about it." I grunt out, keeping my voice low. "I'll be fine, the thought is appreciated, though."

"Please don't be so understanding about it. It's my fault. It's okay to be mad, you're only making me feel worse about all of this." She continues sounding close to tears. "I'm going to give you some cushioning, and try and aim for the dumps over the fence, and- and I'll call an ambulance as soon as I can. Well, it might take a while. I think Skidmark is going to be yelling at me for a while next, but- good luck."

I grunt out an affirmation. Could she actually launch me over that distance? I knew she had raw power, but I'd never seen her try and throw something before, even in-challenge.

I have to hold that thought, because Mush clearly thinks that she can. She pulls her closed fist back with me inside, settles into a textbook throwing position - and hurtles me forward with blistering speed. A few trash bags cling to me as she completes the motion, turning me into a floating ball of trash soaring over the whooping crowd, the fence line and narrowly avoiding the edge of a rooftop.

I whistle at the sheer height that she'd achieved. That was actually impressive, done to a teenager with some extra baggage. She hadn't even been all that large at the time. If my version of the power had that kind of potency, I could catapult myself up and over Skidmark's barriers with ease. Would one more challenge be enough for that? Did it scale with size, or was it more to do with leverage and momentum? The potency of the tentacles running it all?

Whatever it was. Impressive throw. Ten out of ten.

But even if she seemed to be optimistic about the chances of a regular person person surviving this landing, I'd died enough times to know that you never really want to take a risk from heights like this. Her promised accuracy was good, but I'd taken enough silly risks today - I shift into my shadow state instead of trying to find out how comfy the various trash bags and dumpsters below me really would be.

I flex my limbs. Not too bad. Not that any passers-by would agree with my crippled state and bloodied appearance. But I could heal. Slowly. And my standards for 'bad injuries' had been warped heavily over the last few months. This? This was nothing. It could have been a lot worse without my forcefield tanking the hit as I went through the wall. I jump to my feet, staggering slightly as my legs protest. Right. Not entirely perfect. My legs probably looked like a giant bruise right now, even ignoring the bullet wound in one, but that would heal along with my arm as I cycled through shadow state charges.

I drag my weak leg along, making my way to the edge of the dump, closer to the fence line that I'd been hurled over - peering through a misplaced slat at the crowd beyond. It was hard to see now that I was at ground level - but Skidmark seemed to be hyping up the crowd, never one to waste an opportunity to look good and in control. Mush's expression was obviously unreadable, the frame she was occupying not even having any body language to try and decipher. Squealer is already pacing back to her lab- nope. Skidmark pulls her back to his side without even looking, grabbing a handful of her ass in the process.

I glower at that. That still grated. For all the obnoxious things Skidmark had said and done while gloating and yelling, the fact that he was playing around with one of my girls - or, rather, one of the soon-to-be-mine girls - was the most offensive of them. The idea was uniquely repugnant. Like, there were already existing relationships out there that I'd inevitably be breaking up. New Wave might have a two loving husband-and-wife pairs now, but I was never going to let that stop me from turning them all into my sluts. Glory Girl might technically be dating... who was that guy again? Dean... Stanton, Stanfield, whatever it was. That guy. But I didn't really hold any hate in my heart about that fact. Sure, I was going to cuck the guy - but I didn't really feel like he had done anything wrong. It wasn't personal, I was just making my harem.

Skidmark was different. Maybe it was because he'd made his brand around being the lowest of the low, the sleaziest of the sleazy. Maybe it was just a combo with the contempt I already felt for him and his gang. Maybe it was a white-knight part of myself that could pretty easily see that the relationship just wasn't all that healthy in the first place, and that I'd be an easy upgrade for a partner while bagging myself a cute mechanic in the process. Whatever it was... I hated to see it.

The challenge box almost seems to pulse in the corner of my vision. 'Do something about it then.' The echo of my earlier thoughts repeats itself.

I will.

The sound of approaching voices tears me from my murderous thoughts. I retreat further into the shadows, keeping one of my shadow state charges ready while cycling through the others to help stop myself from bleeding.

"-mewhere around here, right?" One voice calls out.

"Should be. Unless he landed on the roof." Another voice murmurs.

The response comes back. "Hope not. I'm not climbing up there to check."

Two people then. "You gonna tell Skidmark that? He seemed pretty pissed to me."

"He always looks pissed." The two split up, flashlights lighting up to search the dark corners of the dumpsite.

"Yeah, and imagine how much you'll improve his mood by saying you couldn't be bothered to find the guy." A pause. "Hey, found it. Looks like he landed here."

"Oh?" They pad closer. "Ah. Yeah, that seems like it. Poor guy. Don't even know if we need to do anything, if he's bleeding out like that already."

"Did you see the way he hit the wall as he came out? Straight in the head. Surprised he even had a face left after that. Looks like he's made of tough stuff, if he can still move around after all of that."

I glance towards the area revealed by the flashlight as they pace in my direction. A blood trail. I hadn't noticed. Well, I'd noticed the signs of blood loss - I just hadn't felt that it was severe enough to warrant any special attention. I had assumed Skidmark was done with me after making an example of how he ran things to everyone, but I would wager a guess that these two were here to make sure there were no loose ends. No thoughts of vengeance, or perhaps just a mercy kill, in other circumstances - just, not done in front of everyone else. Out of sight, out of mind for the people trying to enjoy the party. All the benefits of appearing tough-but-merciful to the crowd, none of the negatives from actually letting someone go.

I can see the idea, even it's stupid. A needless risk. But he wasn't expecting that I was secretly a Cape with defensive powers. He didn't have the experience of minor mistakes resulting in maiming and death, like I had. Compared to him, I was the experienced one here. He'd never been tempered by real failure before - a lucky streak, long enough that he'd never died a single time. And the result was arrogance. Hell, I could have had a weapon that entire time - and there would have been nothing he could have done to stop me from using it. The fact that such a thought hadn't occurred to him, that he'd felt safe in assuming that the rules had been followed...

Well. It must be nice to be so privileged.

The only question was what I should do about the two people slowly working their way towards me. I use my shadow state to retreat again, trying my best not to make noise or kick any debris on the ground. I was fortunate that we were well into the evening now. If the sun was still up, they would have spotted me the moment they entered this area. As it was, I didn't really have a good avenue out of here without blindly phasing through the fence into the brightly-lit area beyond or hoping that the building behind me didn't have a cable running through the walls. Both could be lethal choices.

Should I kill them? It would be easy. The only downside was the proximity to the party if we made too much noise, but the music was back in full swing - and nobody would notice a few more screams amidst the chorus at this point. My ash clone swirls to life next to me as I reach for Vista, ready to close the distance the moment they look the wrong direction.

They were here to kill me, after all. This situation was all too familiar. Two combatants. Armed. One with a gun ready. The other with a knife out, a gun holstered at their back. Easy. I managed harder than that every single day. I could even do it without powers if I wasn't already injured.

I dismiss the clone again. Right. This is real life. There were consequences to killing people here. My DNA would be all over them if I fought them normally, I'd have to do something with their corpses.

Not worth it. I activate Mush's power, a lone tendril snaking off into the dark to attract trash towards it - causing a ruckus that immediately attracts my pursuers. I dismiss the power again. That easy. The moment more charges of my shadow state come back, I soundlessly bound through the area and slip past them - landing back on the road they just came from. I wasn't bleeding anymore. They'd be confused, but just conclude that they'd been too late to find me before I escaped.

I steadfastly ignore the fact that not a single argument about morality even registered in my head during all of that. I'd never killed anyone 'for real' before. Considering how I justified my first few kills 'in challenge', that fact should be something to cling to - but it just didn't have the same weight to it anymore. Pretending that I was some particularly moral, upstanding citizen was something that I did to other people. There was no sense in trying to rationalise things to myself. Killing them would have been easy. I don't think I would have felt a thing about it. The only thing that saved them was the timing and inconvenience of it.

And, even then - would it really have been that difficult to hide? The blood trail was circumstantial, there would be no evidence that we ever met if I didn't exchange blows with them. My ash clone with Mush's power could easily have drowned both of them under a wave of trash and killed them like that without me raising a finger. Two more bodies, would that really be noticeable in this shithole city with one of the highest homicide rates in the entire US? It was a rounding error. There were probably more people dead from an overdose just across the fence than there would have been here.

I suppress the thought. This was better. There were no real advantages to fighting and killing them over just leaving. Not aside from the usual rush of power and the thrill of turning the tables on people so desperate to kill me. And that was a stupid reason. I cycle through my shadow states again. Need to get my mind off of this. Need to get back to the place where I had stashed my costume and phone, and then skip to the part where we blow the Merchants wide open.

It takes a few minutes longer than it should, mostly on account of the limp enforced by my bad leg. Skidmark had done a number on it when he shot me, and bone always took the longest time to heal. I'd have to delay more than I'd like, just to make sure I was at the top of my game when the others arrived. If I didn't have Vista's powerset and my speed state to make climbing easy, I might not have even been able to make it onto the rooftop for a while.

XxVoidCowboyxX: Merchants having their party here.

XxVoidCowboyxX shared a location!

XxVoidCowboyxX: Drugs. Weapons. All three Capes. Worth taking a shot at it, should be here all night. Meet up in an hour?

Arachne: That's a long way for me.

Arachne: I might be a bit late.

XxVoidCowboyxX: Meetup in two hours then?

Arachne: Definitely! I'll be there. Maybe a bit earlier.

Shadow Stalker doesn't reply instantly, but I doubted she would pass the opportunity up. She'd already sounded interested at the idea.

Two hours was longer than I needed. I could kick back, relax. Maybe find someone to mess around with while I waited. Troll PHO for a bit?

"Mask? Idiot." I jump, whirling around to find Shadow Stalker behind me - arms crossed, and probably wearing her textbook scowl behind her mask. "Why are you running around on a rooftop as if you aren't one functional security camera away from having your identity blown? I know this area is run down, but the lack of common sense is bad - even by your standards."

"I'm-" I touch my face. Right. Half the disguise was built around not using the shadow state at all, all of the little marks and distinguishing features had healed up or faded away by this point. "Believe it or not, I had a pretty cool disguise until a few minutes ago. Really scarred my face up to look like I had acne everywhere, some knife wounds, different hairstyle-" I take in her disbelieving body language. "-I appreciate that you might have your doubts, but it was a pretty good disguise. You'll have to trust me on this."

"And that 'pretty good' disguise just happened to get you catapulted out of a Merchant gathering like yesterday's trash?" She probes.

"That wasn't the disguise's fault, Skidmark is just an insecure little bitch looking to lash out at whoever crosses his gaze first. I was wandering around fine - more than fine - actually." I pause. "And, wait, you saw that? Why are you even here? How did you even know to be here? Have you been holding out pre-cog powers on me?"

"The PRT knew this party was happening before Skidmark did." Sophia smirks. "We've had the area lit up on our console for days, saying we should avoid the area due to 'increased gang activity'. When you said you were looking into the Merchants and looking to raid them, it was pretty obvious where the most likely spot would be. Figured I'd stroll on over, check things out with a patrol around the area beforehand - just happened to catch the commotion right at the end there. Didn't realise it was you, of course. By the time I got to the spot you landed, I figured I was about to watch an execution - right up until the little shrimp those goons were chasing zips halfway across the dump site with my own power." She stifles a bark of laughter. "Shame, if I'd realised it was you I'd have taken a video of your new flight power."

"Fuck off." I flip her off. "And you didn't think to help? Pretty sure those guys were sent to kill me. Where's your heroic spirit?"

"I would have helped, if you'd needed it." She shrugs. "I mean, unless you just laid down to die or something - that would be your choice. But if you'd stood your ground - I'd have been right there beside you."

I arch an eyebrow at her. "So you'd have let me, an innocent guy, die a pointless death because after being crippled I didn't pick a fight with two guards that are armed to the teeth?"

She considers that for a moment, then nods simply - clearly not seeing the big deal. "Sure? It's not like you're a bystander or anything - they're trying to kill you, you've got nothing to lose and everything to gain. Why should I risk my life if you aren't even willing to risk yours? I'm not immune to bullets." She might be, actually. Guess PRT power testing isn't quite as involved as my challenges are. To be fair, testing automatic power activation against lethal projectiles would probably raise concerns with the Youth Guard - hard to blame them.

Still. The point doesn't hold any water at all with me. She can't pretend that she'd have any issue taking out two nobodies in an ambush. "Bitch."

"Cry about it. Just saying I would have helped if you had any balls." She shrugs. "Turns out that you're the type to pussy out of a fight like that, even with powers."

If only she knew. "You do remember that we're going to jump them later, right? Did you want me to tip them off that there's a Cape knocking at their gate? They'd be gone in a blink before Arachne ever has a chance to get here."

"We don't need her anyway." Sophia dismisses. "The Merchants are a total joke."

I stare at her in disbelief. "Yes, we do. There's a few hundred people in that compound. A few dozen guards, with guns - and then also all three Capes. Unless you've been holding out on me, the two of us are limited to fighting one-on-one. Or, two or three - whatever. Not one vs fifty, with guns involved. Arachne can sort all of that without even going through the gate."

She reluctantly concedes the point. "Fine. I guess someone can deal with the mooks."

I sigh, cycling through my shadow state again. "I can't believe you knew about this place already. And you never told me? I know I talked about how I was looking into it."

"Slipped my mind." She lies insincerely. If it wasn't for the litany of bruises and half-healed wounds killing my sex drive, I would be halfway to having my dick down her throat right now for the attitude she was showing. I settle for an annoyed scowl instead. Pretend that I was capable of putting business first ahead of my dick. "Well, hopefully your little infiltration was worth it. Not sure what you would even want inside there, isn't knowing that they are here enough? What did you even do in there? And why are you using my power so much? Trying to be funny?"

I catch Sophia up with the events of the last few hours.

"Damn. I really never appreciated Skidmark up until this moment. Maybe he's my new favourite Cape." She marvels.

"Don't you start." I scowl. "It's bad enough seeing Squealer fawn over him."

"Right, it is kind of gross even just joking about it." She crosses her arms, unable to keep the amusement from her voice. "It's just, having you as his personal little bitch for half the evening, shooting you in the knee, kicking you in the balls, throwing you through a wall, spitting on your beaten, broken body and then flinging you off into a pile of trash?"

"And then trying to have me killed." I append.

"And that." She allows. "I mean, I've got to kind of respect that. At least, more than I can respect the fact that you're here right now and never went back after him. You're just going to let it slide?"

"I never said that." I glare. "We're going after the entire gang tonight, in case you forgot."

"Yes, and he'll sit pretty in jail for all of about three weeks before someone lets him out - the Merchants will go into hiding for a while and you'll just have to accept the fact that he got one over on you and you couldn't do anything about it." She's going somewhere with this. "You'll fit right in with the Wards. You should really consider joining."

I let out a bark of laughter. "We both know you don't mean that. What's your point?"

"Point? I'm just saying I'd never let that happen to me, whether he realised I was Shadow Stalker or not." She leans out over the rooftop ledge for a moment, peering at the street below. "If you were serious about getting back on the guy, you'd be taking this a bit more seriously. Look me in the eyes and tell me that when Void Cowboy goes in there, he's going to repay even a fraction of what he did to you. You punch him in the face a few times, whatever - you won't go too far. You've got a reputation. You don't want to look bad when the PRT comes to snag him."

"Yeah, I don't want myself getting press-ganged into the Wards for being a menace on the streets. Big surprise." I eye her, noting the very real-looking crossbow bolt being twirled between her fingers. "I'm not killing the guy. We both know the PRT would put more effort into catching me than capitalising on any weakness or turmoil that would cause among the gangs. And it probably wouldn't do anything anyway - the Merchants without Skidmark... they'd just be a bunch of disparate drug dealers again. No meaningful change, just one less Cape that was barely relevant anyway. This isn't about him, it's about me - us - and what we're doing for the city."

"That's fine. Just say you're gonna let him off the hook. Say it with your chest. I want to hear it." She goads.

A really, transparent goad, but one that lines up all-too-well with my own thoughts. "I never said that."

"Yeah?" She turns to face me fully. "That's what I heard."

I stew silently in my thoughts for a moment. "Void Cowboy isn't going to do anything. He's going to arrive here, in two hours time - and attack the Merchants with Arachne and a sneaky bitch who loves hiding in the shadows. He's going to fight the Capes, try and arrest people and just be a general do-gooder." I cut Sophia off before she can interject. "But that's two hours away. I think, maybe, 'James' might want to get his own back on the guy who gave him so much grief."

"Yeah?" I can practically hear the smile in Sophia's voice.

"No powers. Or, no overt powers. Just enough to get in, cut a few corners where its safe and we won't get caught."

"We?" She blinks.

"Don't tell me you're going to sit out on this, after talking all of that game." I taunt.

"I don't even know what 'this' is. Get to the point." Sophia snips.

"I've got a pretty good idea of how the security works in there right now. The patrols. The blind spots. The layout on the inside. Not a single working camera in the whole thing, if you can believe it - not even Squealer's workshop. We sneak in, we make our way to Skidmark - catch him alone - and maybe we'll give him something to remember 'James' by before that persona is retired for good."

"A few moments ago you were ready to roll over like a bitch and pretend Skidmark never did a thing to you. Hate to say it, but maybe you've gone a little too far in the other direction." Sophia crosses her arms. "You're talking a little crazy right now. You want to just walk in, in a civilian disguise, and try and kick Skidmark in the balls before escaping - all while not using powers? It's impossible, and you're risking your entire identity for basically nothing."

I smile viciously. "I was thinking of something a little more serious, but you're not too far wrong. It's not as poorly thought out as you think though. Those two people that were chasing me, they're probably still running around that little dump site trying to work out what pile I'm hiding in, don't you think? Those were guards. They have a uniform of sorts. They weren't exactly big guys, I'd say we could fit in their clothes without much trouble. We don't need to get our identities checked at the gate, because we can just phase through the wall - at which point, we're two normal guards on patrol. Nobody cares to get close to challenge us, we just follow the usual patrol route around the site - until we phase into the back of the building once we get close enough."

"And then we just fight our way to the gang leader like we're in some shitty B-movie. Perfect. I love it. I'll be right behind you, don't bother checking to see if I'm following - just keep on straight." She drawls.

"I'll do all the phasing first, just to make sure nobody is on the other side. I'm not asking you to risk your identity here, if I'm spotted - it's not a big deal. What does it matter if Void Cowboy gets caught before we do anything wrong?" I wave my hands expressively. "Hell, you don't even need to come at all - I can do it all alone, it's just I figured you'd be interested in some alone time with Skidmark if it all goes well. No, all of that bit - I'm confident in. The next part, some of it is luck. We obviously need him alone - so we just sit in the men's toilets and wait. He's been drinking like a fish all evening, pops in there all the time - to take a piss or throw up, whatever. Sure, maybe he never comes before Arachne arrives - no problem, we just give up on it and leave the same way we came. If he does come..." I mime a punch. "Showtime."

"You're absolutely insane." Sophia repeats. "It's-there are so many things that could go wrong."

"Which bits?" I challenge. "Because I've been on the inside. I thought that security was tight at first glance too, but it's all a facade. The guards are only putting on appearances. There are blind spots everywhere. Those two guards? They had tasks. A patrol route. The fact that they are here running errands for Skidmark meant that there was a gaping hole in a perimeter that was already looking lax earlier in the evening - and only getting more so as the guards sneak in a few treats for themselves when they thought nobody was looking. My initial fear was that Squealer was holing up in some, technological marvel of a lab with a security system that would spot me a mile away - could not be further from the truth. She's sitting there with a few oversized tractors and nothing else."

My eyes align with hers as I continue. "They're weak. Vulnerable. Arrogant, because they feel sure that nobody is going to do anything about it. This isn't a professional gig, where security is going to challenge us the moment we're spotted inside. Everyone is high as a kite, if someone looks like they belong - nobody bothers them. They only pay the slightest bit of attention at the gate and the restricted area between the normal party-goers and the main building. There's nothing to stop us. Nothing, except ourselves."

"And if Skidmark doesn't go down quietly?" Sophia challenges, but there's less heat in her voice now. "One yell and he brings the entire building down on us."

"I think one yell would barely even be noticed given the type of party it is, honestly - but I'm confident we can take him down. It's already a miracle he can stand up straight, his power requires line-of-sight on the target to work. We blind him, bucket over his head... or, even just turn the lights off - it's the two of us against one drunk, high guy that isn't expecting a fight. We can handle him in time." I'm confident in that much. Knocking him out was probably the safest play, but treating him a bit like our capture of Oni Lee would be somewhat fine too.

She waves me off. "Of course we can handle him, I'm saying - IF - we can't, what happens. Some miracle happens, we fuck it up - whatever. What's the plan? I'm not committing to anything if you're just hoping all goes well."

"Then we pull the stops on our powers and leave." I shrug. "It's not a big deal. I go on PHO to get the first word out, bragging about how I infiltrated the Merchants and got in spitting distance of Skidmark - talk all the shit in the world about how trash the party was and how lax I found the security. You can keep yourself hidden for the action, I'll just say that my 'companion' was just my ash clone keeping appearances up. It can use the shadow state as well, so its a great alibi. There's no good resource online about what my powers can or can't do, and it's well known that I've got something similar to your powers at this point."

She stays silent for a moment. "If we do this- if we do this-" She stresses. "-I'm hanging back. This is your thing. I'm not getting caught, not for anything. If you fuck it up, I'll call the PRT for you and nothing more - I'm not going to juvie because you lost the plot."

"That's fine. This is an invitation for you to enjoy the spoils with me, I don't need you for the execution." I smile nastily. "Because you're right. I do need to get back on him, in more ways than you realise - and maybe there's a few things that Void Cowboy can't get away with, that a scorned Merchant can. We can make a lesson stick here. In my career, in your career - have you ever done anything that the villains will seriously remember? This is a chance for that, and if we do it right, it never even traces back to you or I. I mean, if we humiliate him badly enough... he won't even want to tell anyone what happened if he can help it."

"Why am I even listening to you..." She groans. "It's so stupid. I know that. It's just- it's also kind of appealing. If we pull it off- it's got to be something serious, all right? Like, if you try and give him a noogie and call it a day - I'm breaking both his arms before we leave." She holds her head in her hands for a moment, looking up at the sky. "I'm not committing to anything, but- but we should go and beat up those two guys first. We can decide the rest later, talk about the finer details - take things slow. But if those guys get away, the whole plan is a bust."

I grin. Got her. "Right. We can refine a few details after we've settled into our new disguises. Can't let our two little hunters get away, we've already spent too much time talking - they'll probably be thinking of giving up soon, if they haven't already."

Sophia lopes after me as I lead the way across the rooftops. My gaze sharpens as my two pursuers from earlier come into view further down the street. They don't have a reason to look up here on the rooftops, even if they could make me out - but I could see them just fine. They were clearly stalling, not even pretending to search at this point - just loitering at the side of the street, killing time.

I descend on one of them from above like an angry god. Sophia has the other in a chokehold before he can even turn around to investigate the noise.

Six minutes later, I give a considering look to Sophia. And it was Sophia now. The Shadow Stalker costume was tucked away in a hidey-hole, and the scowling visage of a Merchant gangbanger stood in its place.

"What's with all of-" I gesture at the extra accessories and mess of hair trailing down her face. "-that?"

"I need them to not see my face, obviously." She snarks.

"Wasn't planning on letting that happen anyway. You look ridiculous." I inform her.

"Stuff it. Your plan is ridiculous, I don't want to hear shit about how adding one sensible bit of precaution to it is suddenly a problem." She snips at me.

I check on my ash clone, seems like its done dragging and securing the two naked Merchants over to a distant street. They'd probably get noticed and called in pretty quickly, but nothing they eventually said to the cops would have any real meaning - if they said anything at all.

"Glad you've made up your mind, at least." I grin at her.

She shifts uncomfortably. "Just focus on your plan. I'm not bailing you out if you fuck it up. You talked a big game up to this point - don't think I'll forget that if you botch this up. I know you've done some good work before, but this is- this is a bit different."

I shift my leg in and out of shadow state. A bit sore. But, for the most part, usable. I hold the guard's knife up to eye-level. Intended to slit my throat at the end of it all. The sensation of wetness trickling down my neck, still there no matter how much I wiped it clean. The constant contempt in every request that I handled for him throughout the evening. The phantom pain in my balls, even after this many shadow-states.

The memory of Squealer, giggling as he pulls her close - a coupling that was offensive merely for the fact that it existed.

The sickly feeling of uncertainty, a flash of fear that I'd overstepped into a situation that I couldn't get out of.

"This is different." I acknowledge with a serene smile, tucking the knife into its holster.

"This is personal."

AN: Next chapter is on Patreon.
Last edited: Nov 14, 2024
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, OmegaKnight and 593 others
Tamzar
Nov 14, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Six
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,473
"This is so stupid." Sophia repeats for the third time straight. "Like, top ten-"

"Yes, yes. You've said." I agree testily. "And yet, it's working, isn't it?" I glare in the direction of one errant partygoer straying too close to our route around the edge of the compound, swinging my gun around aggressively with the motion. The man quickly finds another corner to piss in after sending me a foul look.

"It shouldn't." She grumbles. "Just one person saying something-"

I snort, keeping my voice down. "And who would do that? There's a hierarchy here. Capes. Guards. Everyone else. We don't see any guards, because they're all either sitting in their one position or following the same patrol route as us. Squealer is tinkering in her workshop. Mush is... not the kind of person to willingly talk to anyone. And Skidmark, if he even knows who his guards are and what they look like, isn't exactly outside right now to spot us."

"I get all that." Sophia kicks away a discarded bottle in our path. "It's just-"

"Just what? We haven't even done anything difficult or risky yet. This is the equivalent of walking into an employees-only room with a high-vis jacket and a clipboard, except we also have an escape route that they can't stop." I look at her doubtful expression with a confused look. "Your power is perfect for this sort of thing. Even my discount version is amazing for it. Going through walls or just peaking, blending into shadows, general weightlessness, the lengthy glide - I do this sort of thing all the time, even with the cooldown problems that my version has. As long as you don't mess up and land on something as you come out of the shadow state, you've got all the time in the world to slip around like you own the place. Feels like everywhere has space in the ceiling to hide in and peer through, and literally nobody ever looks up - or would even recognise the slight wisp of a sliver of your smoky-face peeking through the bathroom wall."

"Maybe, but that doesn't change the fact that it's a risk." She argues. "You're risking your life doing this, waiting for one thing to go wrong."

"Isn't it the same every time you try and punch a Nazi in the face? They could have a gun, or a taser - or a sniper could be waiting to take a shot from across the street. Doesn't stop half the Wards from being deployed to minor gang scuffles." I counter.

"We can practice for that. We train for that. Funnily enough, strolling into an enemy base isn't something that you can safely train for. You're just looking at the fact that you haven't been killed yet, and assuming that means you must be so smart and so skilled that nobody can stop you." Sophia shakes her head. "And, like. I get it. I get it! It's me! I felt invincible too. Random girl one day. Trivially beating up a guy twice my size the next before I even knew how to fight. But, you can't let it get to your head. You need experience." I snort. "I'm serious. You're going to keep testing for your limits, and instead of finding them you're going to get slightly unlucky and end up dead. No retries."

If only she knew. "I appreciate the concern, but you're making this into a bigger deal than it needs to be." I come to a halt and cast my gaze around sternly for the benefit of anyone looking our way. Our act as guards wasn't exactly Oscar-winning, but it wasn't like the people we were imitating were professionals anyway. "I know what I'm doing here. I've spent-" Days. "-hours mapping this place out and seeing how they organise themselves. I'm more prepared for this than any other time you've seen me." I clear my throat. "And, sure - the original plan was to attack them as a three-man unit later on - but that doesn't mean that everything I know is useless now."

Now it's Sophia's turn to express disbelief. "Sure. You walked around licking the dirt off of Skidmark's boots for an hour or two, now you're qualified to star in a shitty spy movie about breaking into their little party - except instead of shit ratings, you just die. But don't let me talk you out of it, I'll say something nice at your funeral." She sends me a harsh look. "Look at it this way. I wouldn't do this. Why do you think its a good idea for you to do it, with a worse power and less experience?"

"Less experience? Do you have any idea how many times-" I cough. "I mean, come on. I'm pretty sure I have the edge on you there. It isn't like you ever get the chance to do anything relevant with your powers since joining the Wards."

"The fuck does that mean?" She hisses, voice low only as we pass by a smoking partygoer seeking a moment of solitude away from the crowd. I wait for us to gain some distance, the music in the distance providing an extra layer of soundproofing despite the open-air of our surroundings.

"Just that the PRT have taught you everything they know about being cautious, taking no risks and generally doing nothing that will get the Youth Guard breathing down their necks." I continue for her. "I won't say that you've gone soft-"

"Better fucking not." Sophia mumbles darkly.

I shrug. "-but you've been working with them for a while now. The PRT doesn't do infiltrations. They don't do sneaking around and ambushing people. They would never dream of sending you into a base of armed hostiles like this. And so, you don't practice for it. Instead, they teach you how to fight in a team, rescue people and stand up to villains in a fair fight. They've encouraged you to patch up your weaknesses rather than exploit your strengths, because all of your strengths are useless to them."

I direct her down to the side of the fence. A pair of guards had been lingering around the fence line here the last time I found a current-time WRLD modifier - I wanted us to be in the shadows on the approach, so I would see them first if they were there.

I continue. "And now you've let them gaslight you into thinking that something like this - too dangerous for a generic superhero to do - is something that you aren't capable of either. This is- this is you. This is your element. A base of oblivious hostiles, some VIPs to reach and take down somewhere in the middle of it all and no real help coming if you set off an alarm." I wave a hand at nothing. "Hell, we're actually making it harder than something you could do on your own. You could just shoot Skidmark once you find him, rather than dragging things out to teach him a lesson." I knew exactly what I wanted to do to Skidmark. But if I told her now, she would probably back out. "Every security measure in this place is designed around the fact that humans have to walk through certain checkpoints and entrances to get anywhere. Your power tramples all over that from the very first move, never mind what happens when we actually reach the building."

"All we did was phase through a wall." She dismisses my words. "Don't try and make it any more than it was."

Is she actively trying to miss the point? "It's not about that. Half of the Bay could get in here. It's everything else. It's about the stealth, mobility and options you have. Glory Girl could fly in here just the same, but she knows that her forcefield is unreliable once bullets start flying."

Sophia pauses for a half-step at that, then resumes walking. Did she not know she wasn't invincible? Or was she surprised that I knew?

As she doesn't voice a question, I elaborate on my point. "But you? I'm pretty sure you could get onto the roof of that building without me from this point, poke your head through the roof, plant a crossbow bolt through Skidmark's head and leave before anyone even realised you were here, let alone thought of looking for you in particular. There's not a single person here who could stop you from sprinting out of the centre of this camp and out into the city, even if everyone was chasing you. Stealth. Lethality. Dexterity. Mobility. It's an assassin build. You knew that when you named yourself. There's a reason you aren't called Shadow Brawler or something." I gaze towards the central building, noting the rotating lights periodically illuminating it - and at the far edge of the visible area, the shadows of two distant guards ambling towards their next destination.

"And that's where the theory ends and reality kicks in." She argues. "Yeah, if the fate of the world was at stake - maybe I would be pretty well suited for a mission like that. But day-to-day bullshit? I've only got one life. A guard rounds a corner a few minutes early when I'm not looking? Some electrician made a mess of the wiring in the wall and I go through it too fast? It's over. I got a sensor of sorts in my helmet after joining the Wards, that's the thing that would enable me to do something like this on my own if I wanted - unfortunately, it came with a collar attached." She shakes her head. "Not that - as a vigilante - I ever found a place where serious Capes were hiding anyway. Some warehouses, sure - but never anything where I knew, for certain, that there was someone inside worth risking my life to get at. The PRT gets info like that sometimes. But, again, the timing of it all - everything I need to be effective, and the promise of juvie if I dare to use any of it."

I consider that for a moment. "Suppose I can't really blame you for looking at it like that." I was used to Shadow Stalker's power being near all-powerful within the constraints of a building like this. The idea that Shadow Stalker wouldn't share the feeling of near-invincibility that I did with a dozen escape options available to me was a novel one. I suppose, without the benefits of my first few dozen deaths teaching me all the right and wrong ways to infiltrate any given building and where electrical cables should be expected, that this must seem a little insane. Still pretty safe, but it was a dice roll every time. Hitting a natural one was unlikely, but if you kept on rolling... "So does that mean you've never done something like this before?" I take her silence as a yes. "I'm sorry. If I'd known this was your first time, I'd have been more gent- ow!" I send her a wounded look as she kicks me in the shin, barely breaking her own stride.

"Don't go getting an ego, thinking that you're better than me with my own power. I've got months and months of experience over you-" Probably not true, actually. "-and the fact that you were stupid enough to risk losing your life in a random drug den to one misplaced power cable doesn't change that."

"You know, for once, I really wasn't trying to be mean there." I raise my hands as she sends me a disbelieving look. "I'm serious! I was joking around a little, but I respect the point. I mean, if I hadn't already scouted out this place thoroughly - and if I didn't have a host of other powers to fall back on if needed - I wouldn't have risked coming in here, Cape or not." I only ever needed to find one person with a challenge based on the area or with a WRLD modifier to know absolutely everything about a building. Which walls were safe to run through, where I could access the ceiling, or dive down into a basement level - not quite as effective as just being able to see electricity though. I needed to steal that design at some point, it was probably Armsmaster's - would I be able to interpret it with another Tinkers power, or did it lean on his speciality too much? "But I get the feeling that you'd have been more willing than me before the PRT came along."

She's silent for a moment. "Honestly speaking? Yeah. Maybe I would- could have done something before I got this leash on me." She grunts bitterly. "Too late to do anything meaningful now. I'm not going to juvie to get one loser off the streets." She shakes her head, adopting a wistful tone. "I used to have a list. Every villain in the Bay that would die to a crossbow bolt appearing in their skull. Used to imagine what the scene would look like if I could just do that in one night, pair up with some Thinker to point me in the right direction - eliminate most of the villain population overnight. Wouldn't even have to do the rest myself, the PRT would just sweep up the rest for me if they weren't outnumbered - right?"

"Love the faith in the PRT. Must have been early days." She snickers at that as we near the corner of the compound and turn to follow the fence line. Regardless of her own feelings on the matter, her plans wouldn't have changed much, at a guess. Most likely, the big gangs downsize their territories and the Teeth would have seen some prime real estate to move back into with their main rivals gone. They didn't seem to be loving their time in Boston, based on what I've seen in the news lately. "Not Lung. Not Alabaster. Fifty-fifty on the other Brutes. Not Krieg. Maybe not Cricket. Everyone else dies." I offer after a moment of thought.

"Something like that. Thought Krieg wouldn't be able to do anything to a fast enough bolt. I was thinking I could maybe handle Lung if I had a larger payload. Even tried timing some explosives and attaching chemicals to the bolts, which didn't really go that well. I'm not a Tinker. Or even particularly good with DIY. Obviously, it didn't work out - never even saw the guy. Probably for the best, after seeing the PRT's folder on him - he definitely would have shrugged it off." She clears her throat. "But, yeah - spent a lot of time thinking about how much I was going to achieve - do what nobody else seemed to be able to do. And then, the minor details in between started to become my problems. Sure, I can shoot Kaiser - how do I find him? Fine, Oni Lee dies if I catch him unawares - how do I do that? What patrol is good? Should I patrol? Is it good for people to see me, or does it just scare my targets away? Everyone knows the ABB is in the downtown area - but you could run for an hour and not even check the outer perimeter of an area as vague as that. Where do I go? How do I find them, so I can shoot them? That was the problem."

Sophia sighs loudly. I opt not to interject, sensing her desire to continue.

"I guess you're new to this, you got lucky with a partner who can search for trouble in such a wide area, and you only did a few patrols before you stumbled on Oni Lee by sheer luck - but... Brockton Bay is big." She makes an expressive motion with her hands. "And not everybody is a full-time Cape. You can go days, weeks of patrolling and just never meet another Cape. Even when you're really trying. Even if you cause some chaos deliberately, try to scare some low-ranking members to get their big guns to come after you - they usually won't bite. They can just give it up as a minor loss, hope that someone kills the nosy Cape with a lucky bullet. And then, one day, all of a sudden - they all bite at once. Ambush. Almost got myself killed trying that with the Empire. Not to mention how Armsmaster got me within a week once he started looking. Still don't know how he managed that when I change streets every patrol."

I nod in understanding. "It's a lot for one person. I get it." I really did. "You hear about a Cape fight just starting and by the time you get there, everyone's already gone home. I've got speedster powers now and I still have that issue."

"Yeah." She scowls. "If I'd known about a meetup like this back then - even just once - I could have done something. Done more in one night than I managed in weeks on my own. Now, the PRT has all the information I could ever ask for - and I can't do a fucking thing with it."

"Until I came along." I hum. "Plausible deniability is great, isn't it?" A ghost of a smile appears on her face. "And you were so annoyed when I showed that I had your powers the first time." The smile disappears as fast as it arrived.

"I'm still annoyed, don't get it twisted." She levels a scowl at me. "I had to go through real trauma for my powers. And some shut-in nerd gets them by manning up and talking to girls for once in his life? Anyone would be mad."

"I think you're being a bit uncharitable there. My power isn't quite that simple." Sure, I hadn't exactly explained the full details for obvious reasons - but it did grate a little bit to have people minimising my own efforts and struggles that went into acquiring new powers. There was nothing I could really do about it, being honest would be a complete disaster - but... still. Anyway. I probably shouldn't be trying to defend myself too hard here. Time to deflect. "We did way more than talk."

"Yeah? How many extra powers did you get in the few hours you were in there today?" She jerks her head towards the courtyard and buildings across the path behind us.

I pause. "Okay, I did get all three-" I concede. "-but that doesn't mean-"

"See? Absolute bullshit." Sophia crosses her arms for a moment as she walks. "You won the power lottery and you're complaining you have to walk to the desk to get your numbers checked."

"At least you're admitting I won the power lottery now." I grin. "Feels like only yesterday that you were praying for my downfall as a useless grab-bag Cape that could only hold a few useless powers at once."

"I'm still praying." She tells me shortly. "You'll run into a limit one of these days. Sooner, when Armsmaster drags you in for powertesting and a forced induction into the Wards after catching you jaywalking."

"I feel you might be a little biased." I tell her drily. "Time to face it. I'm going to be Triumvirate tier eventually. Beyond that, even." I wink. "Don't worry, I'm the humble sort. Never one to forget all the people who helped me along the way." I squeeze her ass as we continue along the patrol path. "I'll find a use for you, I'm sure."

"Keep dreaming." She looks a little mulish at my actions, but words can't entirely hide her body language. Try as she might... Sophia couldn't hide the fact that she liked it when I was arrogant and possessive. "Besides, you'll never make it to Triumvirate if you get shot in the face today because you don't realise that you're walking too fast." She tugs me back.

I click my tongue, following her gaze to note the shadowy figures in the distance - figures barely illuminated every few seconds by the rotating lights of the party. I hadn't noticed them in the lengthening shadow of the main building as nighttime descended on Brockton Bay. We would probably have passed without challenge at a distance... but getting too close might have caused a scene. "Thanks."

She shifts, almost not knowing what to say. "...just pay attention."

I give her a simple grunt of agreement. "Once we round that corner, it's a straight-shot up to the building that the main party is in. Guards are watching the back entrance and the lit-up areas of the path heading out, but naturally - there's nothing to stop someone from just lurking in the shadows around the edge of the building and slinking up to the roof. The hall that most of the guests are sitting in doesn't share the attic, so don't drop through in the wrong place. The back half of the building is no different from breaking in to your standard office." I pause at the lack of acknowledgement from Sophia. "I mean, you know those square-tile things that you can lift away from some ceilings? And the little runways you can walk or crawl on while you're up there? How do you think the aircon, pipes and electricity cables get around buildings like that? There's a whole mini-floor up there that you don't get to see, minus the headroom." She shrugs. "You need to get out more."

"Rich, coming from you." She snorts.

I adopt a smug expression. "I know you'd like to think that you're the real go-getter here, but you're the one looking like a complete novice at navigating a building like this. What were you even using your powers for, up until this point?"

"Beating up criminals. Saving innocent people. Training with the Wards." She rolls her eyes at me. "Not much time on the agenda to practice breaking in."

"It's called Urban Exploration, Sophia. We're not criminals." I chide her, resuming on the patrol path at a slower pace as the distant shadows start to move on.

"Is that what you call perving on the female showers at Winslow? It's not like you have any more reason to be using your powers around buildings than I did - especially without my mask to help out." She frowns as I stop dead. "What?"

"I never did that." I stare straight ahead.

"Sure-" She tugs my shirt and keeps walking, half-dragging me along as we go.

"No, really - like, never." She almost looks uncomfortable for the accusation after seeing my expression. "What was wrong with me?"

"Can't believe I was about to apologise." She snorts and increases her pace.

I race to catch up. "I mean, take me back a few months - that would be right at the top of my to-do list the second I got a power that could look through walls or floor like that. Go peek on the track team as they come in from their practice. Rows upon rows of soaking, naked girls enjoying a bit of skinship-"

"That absolutely does not happen." Sophia denies. "And nobody uses the open showers, the hot water doesn't last. Everyone uses the cubicles."

"Don't ruin this for me." I ignore her. "And that kind of thing, it's basically what your power is built for. The same kind of tier as invisibility, right? Ask any guy-"

"That is not what my power is built for." Sophia denies the truth. "Can we not have this conversation?"

"-and I was no different. Yet, the thought of peeping never occurred to me until now." I tilt my head to the side. "Has my perversion been robbed from me? Has my power taken that away, somehow?"

"I'm bringing a taser into the showers from now on." Sophia levels a glare at me. "And I cannot believe that you just tried to suggest that you aren't still a pervert. You're the most degenerate soul I know."

I return the look. "I'm not the one that gets off on violence and has a defeat fetish a mile wide." I dodge the kick at my shin this time.

"Not even going to dignify that with a response." Sophia states icily. "Focus. The guards are gone."

"Alright, alright. I'll stop." I grin. "Just making pleasant conversation. And you've stopped worrying about the guards running into us, at least."

"I was never worried about the guards." Sophia scowls. "Your plan only gets stupid once we get into the building and look for Skidmark. This bit was always simple and easy."

"That's not what you were saying a few minutes ago." I sing-song. "You didn't even want to go through the wall until you verified the route for yourself and saw the first few patrols go past in person."

She bristles. "That's because only a moron would trust your memory and sense of timing. You should be happy that at least one of us has the good sense to have a bit of caution when walking into enemy territory. Now we know the gaps between patrols, and we know you weren't entirely full of shit about their pathing. And all we lost is a few minutes of time that we had plenty of anyway."

"So little faith in me. I haven't been wrong yet, have I?" I guide her up an incline.

"Yet." She stresses. "There's still plenty that can go wrong here."

"There is." I admit. "But that's why we take it slow. Like I said, if we don't get the perfect opportunity... we leave as quietly as we came."

"I don't know about that." Sophia hums, hefting the gun in her hands and peering down the sights. "It's only a problem if we get noticed as Capes. If it looks like we can't get anything done, no reason why we can't just act like a lone Merchant took a shot and did a runner."

"We're not doing that." I shake my head. I didn't really have any personal compunctions about killing him, but the prize of eventually getting a more complete version of Skidmark's power was enough to tilt the balance in favour of keeping him alive. "And we're looking to hit the entire gang at some point, remember? If we don't get anything done, it isn't like we'll just be letting them off scot free. It's just... an opportunity to teach Skidmark a lesson without necessarily tying it to our Cape identities." I breathe out steadily then gesture at the path ahead. "Come on. Straight up the side of the building. You can turn pretty much weightless with your power, so you should be able to jump up to the roof from that corner-"

"You forget who you're talking to." Sophia sprints past me. I follow behind as quickly as I can. I frown as I find myself slightly outpaced anyway, the light wisps of smoke streaming behind her enough of an indication that she was doing... something, to run faster. Or perhaps, to ignore the uneven ground to an extent? Hard to tell in the poor lighting around here, not something I'd seen her do in any of her challenges. Perhaps another thing that she only learned after power testing with the PRT? If I thought she would tell me, I'd ask - but I doubted I'd get any use of it anyway. It was a minor gain in speed, far inferior to my speed state and I'd never sacrifice my precious shadow state charges just to run a little bit faster. Maybe I'd look into it once I was free of the limitations of the nerfed Shadow Stalker powerset - but by that time I'd probably have better movement powers anyway.

Shadow Stalker practically flies up the wall, a level of parkour that I could only hope to match in the weightless world of my speed-state - as it is, I expend a charge to land soundlessly on a discarded pallet, surging up in a glide with the next charge and then sinking the final one into, once again, landing without making a sound on the rooftop. I doubted anyone would notice a commotion with the music and general atmosphere of the party, but good habits die hard - or whatever it is that people say.

This time, there's no banter between us as we both pause - waiting for any sign of someone noticing anything, or some alarm being triggered. When the thrumming of the music beneath our feet is the only response to our movements, we both relax - sinking low against the roof as I lead the way towards my planned entry point. Sophia even starts to lose her tense posture, perhaps realising that the theatre of security around here is just that - a theatre. This wasn't a movie villain's base, where a spotlight would be turned on us at any moment. This was a temporary, throwaway party location picked on a whim with 'guards' that were too high, too lazy or too incompetent to hold down a real job. There was a reason that the guards only started looking mean and focused around the areas Squealer and Skidmark were hanging around in, but were blatantly indulging in the drugs and 'dancers' the moment their patrol took them away from the central building.

Not even cameras. Skidmark wasn't even bothering to wear his mask half the time.

Which meant that I had absolutely no fear that anyone was going to be looking up at all, let alone inspecting the outlines of a worn-down dark roof against a deepening night sky for anything that shouldn't be there. And that lack of fear gave me the courage to go sticking my head through the roof without worrying that I was going to get shot.

"Storage room." I whisper quietly. "We need to be further along that way, following the corridor."

"Shouldn't you already know that?" Sophia looks unimpressed.

"Roughly, just want to be precise about where I drop in." I whisper back. "There's mains electricity all over the bit where I want to drop in. Pushing my head into a lightbulb isn't as painful for me as it is for you, but I still don't want to touch a cable because I was a little bit further off than I thought. There's not much in the ceiling around here, so I've got a good idea where to go." Ideally, I wanted to stick my head through and not see any room at all. I wanted to see the great expanse of twisting wires, pipes, sketchy flooring and metal grids that defined the usual area between the roof and the 'ceiling' in buildings like this.

She peers out across the courtyard, settling back into a low crouch as I start moving again. "How would you even know how painful it is for me? You've got nothing to compare against."

"Not important." I wave her off. Awkward questions. Separating my challenge knowledge with my 'real life' knowledge was hard sometimes. It didn't help that I was less on-guard around Sophia. "Let's keep going."

I'd have to wait a few seconds before dropping in again. The one-second limit per charge was a pain here, because that was barely enough time to finish the motion of getting my head through the floor - let alone getting a grip on what I was seeing and where I was in relation to my mental plan of the building. And simply bursting my head through at max speed was a dangerous kind of thing, that kind of sudden movement might be spotted - especially if I left more of my head out than my plan to just peek the edge of my face out - a smoky mark on the ceiling that anyone would think was a trick of the light, rather than a blatant Cape power staring right into someone's soul. Anyway. That all meant using two out of my three charges. I could wait for the fastest-recharging charge and try again right away, but that would leave me - momentarily - without a shadow state charge to spend in an emergency.

I'd died too many times in challenges to one moron with a gun because my shadow state was on cooldown after using it for simple expediency. I wasn't going to risk it in an area as hostile as this. Twenty seconds to wait for the second charge, not that big a deal.

Four charges later, I've found a good spot. "Here it is. Solid flooring just below us, not much headroom - just mind the cables running across the planks. Don't need anyone trying to work out why the lights are flickering." I tell Sophia. "Pretty dark inside at first, but once we get going the gaps in the wood give you enough light to work with once you adjust."

"What do you mean, once you adjust? You were there for half a second." Sophia scowls. "Stop trying to sound smart and knowledgeable. You just look stupid."

"That's just how eyes work, Sophia. Didn't they teach you any of that in school?" No sense in trying to justify how I knew that navigating the glorified attic-slash-crawlspace below us wouldn't be that hard. Insults were always the best way to distract Sophia. "Leave the guns. Too bulky, pain in the ass if we accidentally fire them. Keep your voice down inside. It might look like a mini floor all on its own, but it's not all that insulated from below."

"Get on with it. You crash through the ceiling the moment your weight settles, I'm not coming to save you." She makes a gesture at me, I can't make it out in the dark - but I can probably be safe in assuming it was rude.

"It's not that fragile, just watch what you're stepping on - grab onto the larger pipes if you have to." I shake my head. "Actually, just shift into your shadow state anytime you fuck up your footing - I'm sure you'll manage. I'm the only one that really needs to be careful." For a moment, I forgot that she wasn't limited in her charges like I was.

I slip through before she can respond. Down, through, spread flat across the floor - hand coming to grip a pipe with Clockblocker's power ready to create a perfect handhold to save me at any moment - but it isn't needed. The floor is sturdy enough, and my weight sufficiently spread out, that no precaution is needed.

Twenty seconds later, a slight rustling noise and a clank indicates Sophia settles on top of a large pipe next to me - at a guess, something to manage the air flow of the building. I pause for a moment, momentarily worried that she might be putting too much weight on it - only to notice that her outline was too dark to be normal.

Cheating her body mass away with a partial usage of her power. I'd still love to know the limits on that, but now was not the time. I phase my head through the floor, gather my bearings - and then slowly crawl in one direction. Follow the pipes. I'd be relying on my mental map of the building for this last bit. I could have dropped in a little more accurately, but there were barely any electricity cables to worry about in this particular section - so it makes more sense to get in first, then slowly make my way across to the target in the dark.

In the dark. I glower at the weak, purplish that illuminates the path in front of me. "Really?"

"What? You think I'm going to wait for you to make one wrong step and punch a hole in the ceiling? Admit it, you can't see a thing." She smirks, angling the light up to her face specifically so I could see her expression.

"When the lights in the room below are on, you can see fine." I insist. They were on in the WRLD challenges I did before this. And they were on a few hours ago. I would have been fine. Someone was probably just being eco-conscious.

"Yeah, well they aren't - are they? Dumbass. Just admit you didn't think of bringing a light." Her smirk widens. "Or, did the little nerd not even think he could bring a flashlight along and still use that stolen power of mine? Not everything needs to actively use electricity to keep running, you know. How do you think Armsmaster got my phone and tinkertech arrows to work without knocking me out of my power?"

"All very well, up until someone asks why the ceiling is purple now." I retort.

"Hate to break it to you, but this isn't that bright. But if you're really that concerned, I suppose I'm happy to leave you scrambling in the dark praying that someone turns the lights back on." She practically slides along the ventilation shaft in the direction that I had started to clamber towards, using her power to effortlessly glide - taking the minute light source with her as it also fades into smoke.

...I'll just get a power that lets me see in the dark. Cricket has echolocation, right? I'll just get that. "Don't need a stupid flashlight." I grouse. One foot over the other. Follow the pipes. Mind the weight. Don't fall through the ceiling like a moron. "My eyes were just getting used to the dark too."

There were still walls up here too, each of them warranting another usage of my power and some inelegant shifting in the narrow confines of the space - something that Shadow Stalker seemed to take an inordinate amount of pleasure in watching judging by the casual ease with which she floats through the area to wait for me.

This time, when the soft glow illuminates the path ahead once more - little more than that of a glowstick that might be handed out at a fair - I hold back the instinctive complaint. Fine. It was moderately useful. Congratulations, you put the same care into packing your Cape-bag as Taylor with her epi-pens - and I will take great joy in telling you that one day.

She flits ahead again. So much for only following behind me. Apparently, all that caution doesn't matter when it comes to proving that her power is better at this than mine. Well. Velocity's power would be great for this - the reduced mass and speed would have me flying through here, at least up until the next wall - but I wasn't risking the paralysis and the effect of suddenly regaining all of my mass on a spot that I hadn't tested was capable of holding me.

Two more walls later, and we both pause at the sound of rushing water. Sophia ducks her head down first. "Women's restroom. Maybe doubling up as a storage room, judging by how much trash is next to the door."

I nod, make to move on, then stop. A moment later, I poke my head through just like Sophia just did. Sophia was right, that was a lot of trashcans and debris stashed by the door. Blocking it, even.

I re-emerge to face the disgusted gaze of my partner. "It's not like that." I tell her, gesturing at the pipe next to us. "Look. Water is on, the only door is blocked. Trashcans everywhere. Thinking of anyone in particular?"

"Mush?" I can't make out her expression in the dark with her light turned off once again, but I can feel the edge enter her voice. A hint of suppressed violence - the idea that maybe this trip wouldn't be a complete waste of time after all.

"Maybe, we should check. She's not our main target, but she could be a backup if all else fails-" I had no interest in that, but if it kept Sophia appeased - so much the better. "-and it could be useful to know where she is, in the event that everything goes tits up."

We clamber across the room together, making our way to the sound of rushing water. Sophia beats me to it, only to emerge with a slightly confused noise that she swiftly stifles. I follow a few seconds later.

And immediately pout. No sighting of a nude Mush today. Instead, I find the girl hiding in the disabled shower cubicle blasting a set of trashcans from range with the shower nozzle on max power. I check back a few seconds later, only to see her in the exact same position - firing at the same exact angle at what looks to be a practically gleaming trash can - all while sitting in a slowly growing puddle of water, apparently oblivious to the splashing water that was reaching her. One plate of half-eaten refreshments that had obviously been stolen from the party. The wet shirt was a nice look, but overall the sight was... hm. Well.

We retreat a safe distance silently.

Sophia clears her throat. "That was-"

I feel oddly obliged to defend the girl. "At least she's being hygienic about her choice in accommodation?"

"-pathetic. Don't even try to defend that." She finishes. "I thought I was looking at Taylor there."

"It was a little bit sad." I concede. Mush was never the most intimidating figure once you got past the 'powersuit', and from my understanding of her personality - I was pretty sure that she was barricading herself into a restroom to pretend that she was busy 'cleaning' her trashcans and therefore unavailable to socialise. That was definitely not helping her image. The fact that she was practically huddled against the cubicle door as if afraid it might open again, coupled with the slightly bedraggled, drowned-rat kind of appearance caused by the shower water splashing back from the trashcans and forming a puddle across the floor made it even worse.

She was definitely just hiding from Skidmark. Or, just from people in general.

"And she's a Cape." I raise an eyebrow at Sophia's tone of voice. "I thought you were exaggerating about her but..." I make out the vague motion of a headshake. "This is why we need bullying in schools."

"I think we already have that." I tell her in a dry whisper. Do I need to point that out? To her of all people? Or was that her attempt at humour?

"We need more if it, then. Maybe we'll get a higher-class of Cape out of it, if this is some of the best the city can offer." Sophia leads the way on to the next room over, apparently confident in following the direction that my original path was taking us in before this detour. "Can't believe I thought she was kind of cool for tossing you out like that."

I roll my eyes. "I'm telling you, she was getting kind of into me. She's just more scared of getting yelled at by Skidmark than the possibility that throwing people over a rooftop and into a trash heap might kill me. Like, at least she felt bad about it - even tried to cushion it a little. More than I get from you, just saying."

"Oh, well if the villain protecting the murderous drug lords of the Bay felt bad about killing you - that changes everything." Sophia throws her arms up in the air. "All can be forgiven, as long as they have a nice rack - isn't that right?"

I adopt a considering look. "I mean..."

"I was joking, then realised that that is exactly the kind of sad mentality that you would have." She scowls. "I don't care what kind of sob-story you fell for, a villain is a villain. She could have walked into a job with the Protectorate day one if she wanted. Truth is, she wanted this life. She liked the money. She liked the power. Exactly the kind of cancer making this city worse." She fades to smoke and moves on once more, clearly not interested in hearing a counterargument.

I just sigh and follow. There was probably some interesting insight into her character in that conversation. In the way that she elevated simply having powers as a mark of being strong and worthy - rather than the result of genetics, ending up in a generally terrible situation or just being able to get a certain organisation's attention. In the 'all villains are bad and chose to be that way' kind of thinking. But I wasn't about to delve into that rabbit hole. She probably had her reasons behind her thinking, and I probably wouldn't understand them.

"Here." Sophia's whisper reaches me from up ahead. "Still think this is a shit plan."

"He's been drinking like a fish and throwing up every few minutes. Trust me, I was following him around for long enough to notice." I mutter as I catch up. "He'll show up. Only questionable part is how long we have to wait. It would be just our luck if he just left and doesn't come back this side of midnight."

"Not talking about him being here. Talking about actually getting him." She shakes her head. "What are you even planning to do? Break his legs? You've been real quiet about the details, don't think I haven't noticed." I make out the faint outline of her twirling an object between her fingers. "You even got a plan to take him down? I'm not letting you use my tranquillisers. Too distinctive." She didn't leave them behind with the rest of her costume? Whatever.

"Oh, that's easy. He's not all that much even in a fair fight. He needs distance or some time to prepare, I'm giving him none of those things." I dismiss. That was the part I was most confident in. I'd seen Skidmark at his best, and as impressive as him remaining upright and lucid was - his best was still several hours ago, when he was still almost sober.

In many ways, that was the nice thing about my power. I got to find out exactly how well I measured up in a 1v1. And with every twist of the scenario in their favour? Every modifier stacked against me? That was just a sign of how much harder I would win in real life - in a truly fair match. The real version of Skidmark was even weaker than the very first challenge that I'd made against him - without even the surprise factor or the range advantage, and he's even intoxicated already!

"Seeing a few fights on PHO really giving you that much confidence, huh?" She probes.

"He lost a 2v1 against Circus. I'm a better Circus, without the hammerspace - and I get to ambush him. Relax." I take a peek through the floor. Nothing. "Keep an eye out for new arrivals. Skidmark isn't always in costume, so I'll have to check each one. Might get a little difficult if we have to deal with more than one guy in here at once."

"If there's more than one guy, we call it off and go and beat the shit out of Mush instead." She counters.

"If you have a way of beating her without killing her, without allowing her to weaponise the mass of debris and trashcans that she has laying around in that room, and also a way to explain how someone even got into that room while it was barricaded to attack her in the first place - go right ahead." I huff. "She might be a pushover on the social battlefield, but I'd rather go ambush Squealer than her."

"Sure. Attack the Tinker in her lair. Smart idea." She snarks.

"Don't let a few made-up PHO horror stories scare you off, it only becomes a problem if the Tinkers actually build defences. I've been in there. There's not a thing worth talking about. Her real base isn't here." I peer through the floor again at the sound of rushing pipes. Random merchant. "And I didn't say it was a smart idea. I said that I'd rather go for her than the only one in the gang that could get a Brute rating with access to the very materials that she's practically sitting on right now."

Sophia snorts. "Please. Did you even see her? She'd collapse in a stiff breeze. Can't believe I'm saying it, but I think Taylor would do a better job as a Cape."

"Zip it, and get on with the one job I gave you." I don't trust my acting skills to respond to that. Sophia will definitely twig onto Taylor eventually, but I didn't want to be the cause of it. "Or is that too much of a strain on your power? I suppose I could do it instead."

"I'm not falling for that, dipshit." She flips me off. "Save your charges for putting your money where your mouth is. I'll take some pictures when they're pissing on your body." She ducks her head below the floor before I can respond.

I settle in to wait. This could take a while.

And it does. After a few minutes, I decide to track time by challenging Sophia again, getting sniped out of nowhere and then watching her challenge timer tick down. Twenty-seven minutes of uncomfortable shifting, with the occasional petty snipe and exchange with Sophia while we waited.

And then, just as ordered, Adam Mustain - AKA, Skidmark - staggers into the room below and makes his way towards the urinal.

I let a pleased smile reach up to my face. Here he is. I'm a fucking genius. Or maybe his bladder is just so shot that you can time a watch by it. I don't say anything to Sophia, simply slipping through the ceiling in an instant - settling noiselessly on the floor as my ash clone stirs to life next to me. Transfer Clockblocker's power, I task the clone to killing the lights and clockblocking the door while I rush him - the start of my approach masked by the shadow state.

Skidmark half-turns towards the sound of my final footstep, unwilling to stop mid-piss despite the unexpected noise, but it's already too late. His legs sweep out from underneath him, the lights flicker out a moment later leaving only the faint indicator light of the fire alarm and air-conditioner units to illuminate his outline - my ash clone racing to join me in the one-sided beat-down that he wasn't at all ready for.

"Hi Skidmark." I keep the same tone of voice I used for our previous meeting. "Missed me?" I slam his head onto the floor twice, the slightly wet noise of the second highlighting the fact that he hadn't been done pissing by the time I knocked him down. Gross, but I wasn't the one with my face in it.

"Cunt!" He swears and rages, a light green glow fllickering on the floor for an instant to momentarily provide a source of light for both of us - only for me to slam his face down again and again - the glow slowly fading as he's forced to turn his head away to protect himself, a wild, incoherent scream muffled by his own body and the floor. "Fucking whore, I'll kill-" My clone rams a foot into his stomach, cutting off the threat before he can finish. A green flash surges around the clone, sending it hurtling away in my senses into the dark corners of the room - I stomp down on his face, aiming kicks and punches at his eyes to limit his line of sight. Killing the lights hadn't been completely effective - apparently even slight outlines and dark rooms were enough for him to work his power - but he still needed to know what he was doing.

He wheezes breathlessly, curling up into a ball under the assault. Too winded to even scream properly. Pathetic. He put even less of a fight than I thought. The fact that I was stuck on his challenge when he was this weak was still infuriating.

But that's enough fun. "Scream too loud and you die. Fuck around with your power and you die." I press the knife against his throat, and his fury momentarily stills. It was a bluff, but he had no reason to know that. I'd kill in a life-or-death situation, and I'd probably be a lot happier to kill if it was a basic powerset that I could pick up somewhere else. This was neither of those things. I wanted Skidmark's power, killing him was the last thing I wanted - even over revealing the 'James' identity as Void Cowboy, if it came down to it. I could shout down a few Merchant whiners on PHO with a dozen alts and nothing serious would come of that reveal. I couldn't undo death. Couldn't find a way to get those upgraded powers later on.

"You-" Skidmark snarls at me, recognition in his voice. Good. No need to elaborate on who I was. Guess I had made an impression after all. "-the fuck do you think you're doing, shit for brains? You're fucking dead for this, you understand that? We're going to run a train on your fucking corpse, you know that?"

"You tried to kill me, I think this is only fair." I press the knife into his neck, just for fun. "I figured, I just couldn't let that go unanswered - so I thought I'd teach you a little lesson." My ash clone cooldown comes back, having dispersed after crashing into the wall. It silently reforms just outside of Skidmark's vision - and then applies a kick for good measure. I have the clone jerk his head back, and roughly covers his eyes with reams of toilet paper - then a makeshift gag of the same material. Not the greatest blindfold, but enough that we could turn the lights back on in a moment and see what we were doing properly without him being able to see that my ash clone was obviously a Cape power rather than a second collaborator.

"'w d'd 'ou-" Skidmark attempts to spit the gag out. "-even get in here?" Skidmark still sounds winded from the earlier hits. I have the clone repeat the task again, stuffing his mouth and holding it closed this time. Another set of footsteps announces Sophia's arrival, and after a moment of exploration in the dark - plants a kick into the Capes crotch, eliciting a groan largely muffled by the flawed gag. Good. It works. No screaming for help for you - your only chance for that was right in the opening second. And even then, it wasn't like anyone came to investigate his yells earlier. Loud music damages your hearing, don't you know?

"Why wouldn't I be able to get in here?" I taunt. "You think you're that popular in the Merchants? Everyone wants to see you knocked down a peg, it's not hard to find a few people willing to look the other way and help a guy out when he needs it." My ash clone kicks him again. "Even brought a few friends, thought you would put up more of a fight. Easy mistake to make."

"Nghhggh-" He lets out an unintelligible growl around the massed wad of toilet paper. I slam him face down in his own piss again, taking a perverse pleasure in the action. Fuck you, Skidmark. Serves you right for having such a pain-in-the-ass challenge. And for not having the good sense to stay single in my city. I'm not sharing with another dude and I won't apologise for that.

A third set of hands puts Skidmark into a painful-looking armlock. I grin at Sophia's wild, almost joyful expression. Well. Glad someone came around to seeing how easy this was. And this was definitely Sophia's kind of thing - something she would never get the chance to do with the Wards. They'd never be allowed to kick a guy while he was down, no matter how much he deserved it. I lean in to taunt Skidmark some more. "You're telling me that you didn't even realise? That's funny. No wonder you needed me to point out such basic stuff to you earlier." I mock, directing my ash clone back to the door. "What a moron."

"Mphhnnghhhmh-" He tries to sound dangerous. It doesn't work.

"Mmpphh?" I sing-song back at him. "Sorry, didn't quite make that out. I'll assume it was a threat, which would mean you still don't understand the position that you are in." I sigh to myself. "Killing you would be too easy. Breaking a few limbs would leave you with an excuse to go crying about an ambush to the gang, and it just doesn't feel personal enough. People will look at you and think, 'huh - guess being the leader of the Merchants makes you a few enemies'. Bah. What do I care if you go around in a wheelchair for a few months?" I pull the knife away, only to place it lower on his body. "Need a lesson that will stick. Something a bit more permanent to remember me by, even when I'm long gone. And, just my luck, you've already whipped the perfect target out for me." My ash clone seizes his dick in a vice grip, lining it up for me as an ideal target. Sophia's eyes widen as a feral expression takes over her face, even as Skidmark realises my intentions and starts to struggle in earnest a second later.

Too late. Shouldn't have gone to the urinal. You really made it all too easy for me.

I ram the knife cleanly through his balls, a wild, hysterical scream that drowned out any of the others before is my reward - Sophia slams his head down onto the floor again for good measure while the ash clone holds him down. As for me, it's time to cut. To saw. Every motion drawing a fresh litany of agonised moans, a dark mirror of the upbeat tunes thrumming through the walls from the partygoers.

This wasn't a spur of the moment thing. I'd thought about this for a while. Most of my issues with Skidmark came from the fact that he was a dude. I wanted to hurt him without killing him, and in a way that couldn't be entirely solved via a simple hospital visit - and also didn't give him an overt amount of sympathy from his gang after the 'ambush'. Broken limbs were out. Death was out. Petty humiliation and forcing him to beg were out. But chopping his dick off? That was an idea.

Unmanning him, even as I laid the foundation to steal away both 'his' girl and his gang? Perfect. Knowing that he wouldn't be fucking Squealer while I was busy elsewhere? Perfect. A suitable response to the humiliation he'd put me through earlier? Perfect. The fact that Sophia looked like she wanted me to impregnate her on the floor right now? Perfect.

And his screams really were music to my ears. I didn't get to savour my wins a lot. Personal grudges I developed in challenges tended to end in a quick, violent death - or sometimes the 'personality' of the subjects just stopped working once they started to lose in the fight. I could count on one hand the amount of times I'd been able to really savour the feeling of power over someone that had wronged me. Tattletale during the bank challenge was a standout that I still remembered even now. This felt like that, except in real life. A festering grudge, repaid in violence. I slice and maul harder, his screams and cries reaching even louder volumes as Sophia tries her best to silence him. The gag had been effective earlier, but these higher-pitched squeals were clearly in a different class of noise than his previous anger.

Finally, my 'trophy' comes away in a small torrent of blood mixing in with the urine on the floor. I slip the bloodied remnants of his tool into my back pocket - if only to deny the option of a doctor reattaching it - and step away with a grin. Making a somewhat disgusted expression, I take a step away from the struggle to step over to the sink - hastily washing my hands of the general filth that they'd touched over the last minute or two. I take a moment to admire the sight of the beaten man, landing a few more kicks and punches along with Sophia for fun.

At least, until I find myself pressed into the wall over the sink, the sudden kinetic field fading to nothing just a second or two later as my ash clone covers his eyes again. A brief struggle later, we regain control - covering his eyes once more.

How did he even...? I spot a glowing green glow around the original pseudo-blindfold on the floor, slowly inching towards the corner of the room all on its own. "He used his power on the blindfold. Cant rely on it. We're done here anyway. Dunk him then leave." I make a sharp gesture, and Sophia instantly clues-on. We grab his bloodied, half-broken figure and drag him over to the toilets - ramming him head-first down into the toilet water.

Honestly, I was impressed he was still conscious enough to start a fight - I tended to be a bit of a mess after losing body parts, struggling to even stay conscious. But, at the same time, I didn't have a cocktail of drugs surging through my body. I'd wager Skidmark was in far worse shape than he realised. There was a reason I hadn't knocked him out - the same reason I do my best to avoid closing my eyes after losing a limb. You fall asleep with a wound like that, maybe you don't wake up. Fortunately, Skidmark was very, very awake - and 'help' was just a minute away for him so long as I left him conscious and free to move while we made ourselves scarce.

I point up. Sophia propels herself up and into the ceiling, while my ash clone hits the lights. I release Skidmark and sprint away, making certain to make loud footsteps to retreat before jumping - combining my momentum with a hefty pull on the cubicle door frame - using that extra power to follow Sophia, using all three of my charges to match her rapid ascent back into the ceiling space we emerged from.

Finally, my ash clone kicks open the door and disappears in the wind.

Sophia and I don't dare to take so much as an overly-large breath, tucked safely away in the ceiling space. I blow through my shadow state periodically to check in on Skidmark's response. It takes ten, twenty, thirty seconds for the enraged leader of the Merchants to free himself, spit out the remains of his gag and soggy blindfold, stagger through the dark out of the cubicle and towards the distant light peeking through the doorway. The light turns on, revealing the trail of blood and piss streaking across the floor as Skidmark howls bloody murder into the noise of the party just half-a-building away.

He doesn't leave immediately though - he pauses at the restroom exit after seeing a distinct lack of anyone to pursue in the corridor, taking a moment to - with no small amount of agonised grunting and groaning - re-settle his clothes in an attempt to hide the extent of his 'wound'. I grin at that. That's right. Hide it. I figure the Merchants wouldn't exactly be the sympathetic sort to a guy that just lost his cock. There would be jokes, laughter - and from that, disrespect. Disloyalty. If someone could do that, why couldn't they stick a knife in his throat?

He had to keep the full details quiet, known only to those inside his circle - and whatever doctor he found to try and help him. But somehow, I doubted his ability to get treated by Panacea or Othala - getting a healer wasn't exactly easy as just a regular person. As part of an enemy gang? Even less so. He'd have to learn to live with it for now. And that made it a lot more personal than simply breaking an arm or a leg - knowing that it wasn't really about attacking 'the Merchants' but rather, hurting him personally. All while leaving him with the impression that it was just a small group of unpowered people that had quietly betrayed him and escaped successfully. I wasn't even sure what part of that he would hate more.

Besides, it was a temporary thing. It's not like he'd need a cock by the time I was done with him. It did raise the question of what kind of history my power would cook up to cover or hide this incident when the time came... but, let's be honest - he was always going to be one of those cases that were the same in name only. There was too little there that I'd actually find appealing to simply do a few tweaks or add a pair of tits and call it a day. It would likely be the same as Alice - a transformation that just represented my triumph over a hated enemy, with little true relation to what came before save for a common theme.

And I was fine with that. The old Alice. The current Skidmark. Both of them were trash and nobody would miss them. My power had good enough taste that I was sure I would enjoy the 'reimagining', and the destruction of everything they were and the things they stood for was only more satisfying for how thorough it was.

He's still audible even when the door closes, the furious timbre of his voice only going further as the music peters to a hasty halt in the face of his rage.

"Guards! Squealer! That fucker just- I've been fucking attacked by that bootlicking cunt! I want him found! Get everyone, everyone! Call everyone out! Lock this place down! You fucking useless cockbags, anyone leaving this building is to be shot on sight!" Skidmark's voice disappears down the corridor. "No, fuck that. They'll already be running. Get all the trucks, call out the extras - and form a perimeter. All the way down the street, and all around the block. All the way around. You see anyone, anyone at all - you bring them to me! He was- he had a fake uniform. Don't trust anyone, if they aren't with you - drag them back or gun them down, I don't fucking care. I want everyone! Everyone! Go!"

"We should probably hurry up and leave before they finish organising that." I murmur. "I don't expect Skidmark to be rational about how much noise it will make. We can leave over the rooftops before he starts sweeping the area."

"Last place he'll look is up here." Sophia says, creeping a little closer as she talks. "Let them have the immediate excitement of interrogating the guards and trying to stop people from leaving. Once they realise we aren't hiding in a storage closet, everyone spreads out and we have all the time in the world to leave without worrying that one sniper was lucky enough to glance our way."

"Pretty sure the Merchants don't have snipers." I shrug. "At least, not here."

"Fuckers! I'm going to kill them. We're going to kill them. Squealer, you stupid fucking bitch where is-" We pause the conversation as Skidmark becomes audible again. A wild, almost hysterical shriek injects itself into his speech that I know is just a pure response to pain piercing through the drugs. His rant continues in the distance, slowly growing quieter as he enters the hall proper. "-at the fuck are you standing around for, shitbags? Find me that fucking blonde cunt that was thrown out earlier - he's snuck back into this compound and now he's running. I want an explanation on how he got in, along with his fucking head on a fucking pike! Five- no, ten million dollars to the person who brings him to me, dead or alive! That goes for all you fuckers in the party too, inside and out! Parties over - find that little shit and all his friends! I'll pay better than you could ever imagine if you know anything at all-"

The rant fades away, replaced with the distant squeal of tires and then the start of another rant to the crowd outside. "It's impressive, actually. I really figured the bloodloss would keep him down, but he seems better than ever. Adrenaline is crazy, huh?" I turn conversationally as the voice completely fades.

"Sure, if you say so." There's something odd in Sophia's voice, the dim glow of her light source becoming active once again - barely enough to illuminate her face in the darkness.

"I told you, he was weak. Barely even a risk at all. I was more worried about someone else coming in, the clockblock can be inconsistent and if they really tried to force it I might have gotten exposed as Void Cowboy. But, you know. What's the enmity of Skidmark compared to Lung, right? I can accept that risk, especially when I could just- mmph?" I blink at the taste of the girl on my lips, a hungry, needy tongue wrestling with mine. I relax into it, only for both of us to freeze at the warning creak of the flooring below us. Sophia phases away, but only long enough to reposition and drag me up to lie over the ventilation shaft instead. I prepare to make a witty joke, only to find my tongue busy once again.

"Just shut up." She growls the next time we separate - and, for a moment, I think that she's done. That thought lasts for all of a second before one hand makes itself known - shoving aside one layer of clothing after another before coming to rest on my cock.

"Not complaining-" I murmur as she takes a firm grip on my shaft. "-but we could probably find somewhere a little safer - and a little more comfortable - if we waited for a few minutes and slipped out in the confusion."

A quiet growl is her only response as her lips melt into mine again, as if wordlessly repeating her previous request.

Objectively, I should force the issue and insist that we make our exit. The chance of Squealer pulling out some kind of super-scanner was low, given her speciality, but not zero. The odds of someone thinking to start knocking holes in the ceiling to see if someone was hiding up here was also low, but not zero. With our disguise and the obvious lack of coordination from the Merchants, sneaking out in the frenzied mess to get ahead of the 'runners' that had attacked Skidmark would be easy.

But I was never that good at saying no to attractive ladies throwing themselves at me. More than that - this was Sophia doing it. Even if our relationship was very sexual, it was also usually violent and aggressive. This Sophia? The one practically melting into my arms as she jerks me off, acting for all the world like she was just naturally submissive this entire time? Well. The novelty certainly had its appeal.

And, really, who would really be looking for us up here? It wasn't like you could just take a ladder to our location. This was a perfectly good space to relax, and really savour my victory. Skidmark was somewhere outside trying to pretend that nothing was wrong, crying and seething at his minions to find me while trying to find some drugged-up hack of a doctor to try and salvage his crotch - and I was sitting up here, not even a few metres away from the scene of the crime, getting jerked off by a cute, angry girl that finally seemed to be showing me some of the deference that I was due.

Well, knowing Sophia - she'd struggle to characterise her behaviour right now once the heat of the moment had passed. But I'd enjoy it while it lasted, and then continue to enjoy her ongoing struggle with the realisation that this is the 'real' Sophia after meeting her ideal man.

It was just a shame that we didn't have a better place to do this. There was too little space around here, and it was a little too cold to ask her to start stripping. I make a sound of annoyance as my questing hands fail to find much give in her borrowed clothes. Too bulky and tight to really allow me to slide under and appreciate her curves. Nothing I can do about that. And Sophia didn't seem worried about reciprocation right now anyway.

In fact, if I had to guess from her general demeanour - I'd call this her idea of a reward. Maybe she thought this streak of violence was me taking in some of her philosophy - rather than the cocktail of pettiness, spite and opportunity that it was. She was probably imagining that we could do this to someone like Kaiser the first chance we got - but I couldn't see that happening. He seemed the type to be single - or, at worst, the kind of guy only interested in one-night stands. I wasn't going to get jealous over a guy like that. Especially not unprovoked. Kaiser would probably be pretty keen to win me over, knowing that I was white. I still had that open invitation from Viktor, and I doubted a bit of vigilantism would be enough to rescind that.

Something to chase up when I felt like it was safe to visit those guys. The Empire didn't seem like the type to take 'no' for an answer or play fair. I'd need to try and string them along, without ever leaving any problematic blackmail that could compromise my hero career or get back to Sophia or Taylor. That, all on its own, was half the problem. One bit of CCTV footage could become a PR nightmare and close countless doors to me for the foreseeable future.

...I probably shouldn't be musing over how I can stay in the good graces of the Empire while Sophia is jerking me off. Makes me feel like I'm the bad guy. Which, I kind of am, admittedly - but I'm not the 'actual Nazi' kind of bad guy. Sophia was one of my favourite girls! I didn't think she was any lesser than me- well. Hm. Actually, I did - but only because I was the harem king with the Master power in the relationship, not because of any particular ideology!

Sometimes, my thoughts run away with me a bit. There was a reason I had so many bans on PHO. My stream of thoughts sends me into a corner sometimes.

Sophia pulls me from my mental tangent by redoubling her efforts to jerk me off. And while she's doing an excellent job of it, there was such a thing as 'too good' in this case. I was about ready to explode, and the choices were to erupt all over her, leave some suspicious smells and stains up here in the room around me - or make a polite suggestion that Sophia might want to use her mouth for this one.

Not that polite suggestions had ever been a keystone of our relationship. My motion to reposition her the next time we break apart, pressing her down without a word needed, had little that was gentle or caring about it. It wasn't the tentative, cautious movements of someone still unsure of their partner's boundaries - nor one where I was worried about how they might react to me being too rough. I didn't need the feedback from her that this was acceptable - ideal, even - the kind of man that Sophia was trying to reward and encourage didn't need to worry about something like that.

It was nothing less than what a predator deserved. And, in this moment - in her mind - it was what Void Cowboy deserved too. The part of her brain telling her that I was also Greg, part-time pest and one-time nerdy waste of space, was shoved to the side for now. So her reaction to the dynamics of this encounter being inverted from how it started, to a man arrogantly directing her to suck the cock being pressed at her face without even bothering to address her - was simply to submissively kneel, tongue and lips taking over from the work of her hand without a whisper of protest or even the slightest of sullen looks.

She was hot like this. Not just in the usual way either. The main thing was just how eager she was to please. The way that her eyes glittered in the faint light, a strange mixture of desire and something approaching reverence.

Unsurprising, and certainly not undeserved. Sophia had never been quiet about how much she chafed under the restrictions of the Wards. Never been one to shy away from criticism about their inability to do anything to the villains. Vocal about how a real hero would take the kid gloves off, give them something to fear. And while I hadn't exactly linked my actions to Void Cowboy - this afternoon had been a taste of the forbidden fruit for her. Something more meaningful than anything she'd done in months of sanctioned patrols. I didn't need to push further with my power to grease the wheels of our relationship to have her looking at me like this after what we'd just done. All I'd needed was the initial trust, the push for her to acknowledge me as more than just Greg - someone capable of delivering on his promises.

And now? Putty in my hands. Literally. Her eagerness hadn't done much to improve her oral skills, but simple repetition over the last few days seemed to be working out for her. There was less gagging this time, more focus and a slightly faster pace - but I was nothing if not spoiled. She'd take a lot more practice to get up to the well-practiced levels of Emma or the raw talent of Taylor.

Not that I had a problem with that. There was something of a delicious irony about me - Greg, of all people - being condescending and encouraging about the sexual abilities of my partners. Imagine that, just a few months ago? Unthinkable, but here we are - with one of the hottest girls in the school on her knees to suck me off, happily accepting my hands as they take hold of her head and set the rhythm for her. Making eager noises of approval as I turn it from a passionate, earnest blowjob into an energetic skullfucking session where all she can do is simply accept her role as my sex toy until I'm done.

And that doesn't take long. Just because Sophia hadn't quite found that critical union of tempo and sensation that would drive me over the edge, that didn't mean that her efforts were for nothing. I'd been basking in the feeling of her hands, tongue and mouth for long enough now that I was ready to blow three times over - and that's exactly what I do. I slam her fully down on my cock as I cum, the brief noise she makes cut off by her own eager swallowing and slurping as my load pours down her throat. It's not entirely perfect, a few pearly dribbles escape from the seal around my dick - but we both know that she doesn't have the best track record of containing cumshots anyway. There was a reason she started bringing tissues and a change of clothes to our Winslow sessions by the second day.

"Clean it up." I murmur to the satisfied Ward as she finishes swallowing and regathers her breath. For a moment, I wonder if she hadn't heard me - then she dips down once more, tongue snaking along and around my balls, around the base of my shaft - and then circling up and around the shaft to lap up every trace of what we had done here.

She pulls away, eyes glancing up to meet mine - and we hold each other's gaze for a moment.

She looks away first. "Don't read too much into it." She mumbles. "It's just- that was cool. Kinda hot to see. And we had time to kill anyway."

"Sure." I opt not to voice any witty comments as I fix my clothes.

Sophia straightens, regaining some of her usual attitude. "I'm serious. I was just- giving you a reward for being... more than just talk. I figured you were bluffing before, honestly I only came along to watch you humiliate yourself trying, failing and then running away - or to just get shot. I didn't think you had the balls to actually do it, let alone succeed. I'm... impressed." That last part comes out reluctantly. "Which is rare, considering how much of a fuckup you usually are."

"Yeah, I get it. Violence gets your nipples hard. Tell me something I don't know." I roll my eyes.

She pauses, sending a level look at me before her breath comes out in a loud huff. "Way to ruin the moment, jackass."

"We were having a moment?" I tilt my head. "Was I wrong? Because I feel like our relationship is built on top of me winning in a fight - usually against you - and you getting horny about it and jumping me."

"What?!" Sophia stifles her own outraged yelp at that. "You're the one who keeps jumping me!" She hisses.

"Only because you're into that." I hiss back.

"I'm going to fucking murder you one of these days." Sophia stands up and paces away. "Don't know why I bothered, message doesn't get through anyway."

I make a face. "And you were wondering why I wasn't taking you that seriously earlier. You were just about ready to have my babies thirty seconds ago, now we're back to death threats. I'll beat you in a fight on Monday, and you'll be back to my little cumslut. When's the cycle going to end?"

"When you learn to appreciate a girl's feelings." She replies shortly, face flushing darkly. "No wonder Taylor dumped you."

I gape at that. "Hang on, hang on." I protest. "She did not dump me. We weren't a thing."

"We need to get going." She ignores my protests and starts inching across the crawl space, shifting halfway into shadow at an ominous creak from a weak-looking patch on the 'floor'.

"No, hang on - we really weren't an item. I've never been dumped!" I insist.

"Fine. You were never dating in the first place. Was that because you didn't want to date her, or because she didn't want to date you?" She asks innocently.

"I-" My jaw clicks shut. "Okay. Fair point, I'll admit. But things have changed a bit. Taylor would have come around by now if Emma hadn't done her thing."

"Sure thing, loverboy." Sophia drawls. "Come on, stop whining about the one that got away - start focusing on finding an opportunity to leave. She waves a hand through the roof above us experimentally, then raises her head up once she verifies the lack of cables. She returns a moment later. "Still busy. Busier, even. Courtyard is crawling with people. Guards everywhere, all the lights are on full blast - don't think we can just slip through the shadowy side of the building we came through without being spotted."

"And we can be one of those people in the crowd. Not too hard to blend in, if it comes down to it." I offer.

"I can - Skidmark doesn't know what I look like, doubt that you can though. I'd bet anything that your description is the only thing that mob out there is looking for. I'd hate to be a random blond in that crowd right now." Sophia crosses her arms. "I was thinking that crap he was yelling about sending people out to guard and search the surrounding streets would empty this place out, but with the amount of people here... he either chickened out because the police or PRT might object if he made too much noise - or the Merchants are a far larger organisation than expected."

"Calling them an organisation would be a mistake." I grunt. "It's really just a big collection of smaller gangs tied together with duct tape and a common name. Let me see." I poke my head out of the roof as well, the edge of my shadow brushing close to a live wire and trembling in protest. Close one, that would have been painful - and while I was pretty good with my pain tolerance, I wasn't sure avoiding a yelp or a scream was a certainty with that particular shadow state interaction. Play it safe, Greg. I glare across the courtyard below with my limited time. "That really is a lot of people, huh. They're not all searching though, just standing around - talking to the guards."

"Auditing the people that were supposed to be in here." Sophia concludes. "Seeing if they can find the odd-one out in case we were stupid enough to sit around rather than run."

I spread my hands. "Hey, I wanted to leave. You were the one that decided-"

"I wasn't suggesting anything, just saying that's what they were looking for." Right. Maybe I jumped the gun there. In fairness, I was used to criticism coming from Sophia. "They're searching for a normal group that smuggled a guy in. They get confirmed as being on the list, they go and start playing hide-and-seek with the people outside this compound."

"Lot of people interested in that reward money, especially in a group like this." I muse. "Kind of wish I had a proper cloning power. Turning in my own corpse would be kind of cool."

"Mhm." Sophia pokes her head through the roof again for a few seconds. "I'm just surprised that so many of them are still here. What are they waiting for? Nobody's even trying to sweep the building yet."

"Most of them came here for the party. Too drunk or high to follow orders all that well, if I had to guess." I smile. "There's a good reason I'm not worried about professional search parties being sent in to find us. Most likely, they finish checking those guys outside - kick them out to look for us in the streets, meanwhile the guards that just finished auditing can run in here and start knocking down locked doors to see if anyone was laying low. They'll probably pack it up at that point. That might suck. We might have ruined our grand plan to attack the Merchants if they all leave, guess it depends on Skidmark."

"You can break the news to Arachne. Serves her right for being so slow. What was she doing, waiting for the bus? Two hours..." Sophia grumbles.

"Not everyone has a mover power, you know." I shake my head. "And, honestly, I could have been faster. I knew where this thing was for hours, could have let everyone know in advance. Just got caught up in doing my thing."

She takes a peek again, waiting longer this time before ducking down. "Might have a problem."

I raise an eyebrow. "Yeah?"

"I don't know if they're really looking to send in anyone to bust down doors and search supply closets." She sounds concerned. "Because Squealer's got some cobbled-together junk that looks an awful lot like a half-dozen construction vehicles and a tank combined."

I verify her words myself, letting out a quiet swear at the crowd circling the machine in question. "They can't be serious. The PRT ignores these meetups because the only fallout is a bunch of litter and graffiti. They won't tolerate someone bulldozing random buildings on the offchance of finding someone they're after. What's Skidmark even thinking?"

"Probably focused on finding the guy that chopped his balls off." Sophia snarks. "Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'd guess he's pretty mad and not doing much coolheaded thinking right now. I don't see him in the crowd anyway."

"Probably trying to get someone to patch him up. Could still be his orders, or maybe Squealer's just going wild on her own." I frown. "We can still escape, but probably not without using our powers. Too many people watching the building, too many lights - even with potential dust and debris once she starts up."

"Gotta be a better plan than that." Sophia growls. "I can get away with pretending to be your clone, but Arachne is going to be rightfully pissed if you get a second gang out for your blood without her being involved."

"You didn't care about that the first time I mentioned the possibility, why bring her up now?" I snipe sourly.

"It's getting more relevant now and you sounded like you had a plan before. Is that really the best you've got?" Sophia probes. "Gonna be honest, I liked the idea more when Squealer wasn't in the Tinkertech vehicle pointing right at us. A big taser isn't that crazy as far as Tinker weapons go."

"Lasers work on your power too." I nod. "She can do those, but I doubt that thing has any. Doesn't really matter, we could just run from the opposite side of the building."

"How did you even have the chance to find out-" Sophia trails off. "Whatever. You don't have any other bright ideas? Because otherwise, I'll run first. You don't have enough uses of my power to make it to the fenceline - I'll get them all chasing after me and you slip out in the chaos."

"Don't rush into anything. She's not rushing to knock this place down yet, for whatever reason. And that idea sucks anyway. It won't look like it's me and my clone unless we run together." I sigh. "Didn't think this part would be difficult, honestly. Figured if there were any problems, it would be some other part of the plan first."

"It was a pretty stupid plan." Sophia acknowledges.

"You were just saying how much you appreciated me for it a second ago."

"It was fucking awesome. Still stupid." She corrects.

I bite down on my lip. "It wasn't stupid. I had good information, and a good gut feeling. And it worked." I click my fingers. "And I might have another one."

"Don't say it worked until we're out. How does any of that help us now? What does your deep research and almighty instincts tell you about sneaking out of here unnoticed? Secret tunnel in the basement?"

"No. Listen." I fall silent. "Now that the music's stopped. Hear it?"

"No." She tells me bluntly.

"You can hear the pipes. Water. Maybe there's a few stragglers in the building that they missed the first go around, but I'm betting that one person in particular has been doing their best to ignore the shouting outside and definitely didn't fancy unblocking the door when people started knocking."

"Mush." Sophia's eyes light up. "Brilliant. I forgot all about her."

I nod. "We just head over there and-"

Sophia nods as well. "-take her hostage."

"-recruit her to-" I blink. "What? No. How would that help? Be serious."

She makes a face. "Made more sense to me than thinking she would help you after throwing you to your presumed death last time you saw her."

"She didn't mean anything by it." I explain, ignoring Sophia's expression of disbelief. "No, really - she's kind of sweet, actually."

"The hardened criminal has a soft spot just for you. I'm sure." Sophia snarks.

I hold up one hand. "Let's see if she's even there first. The argument is pointless if she's already slipped out."

"I know I'm going to hate this plan. I swear you have a deathwish." She grumbles.

"I don't have a deathwish. I just know my limits better than most. I've done way riskier things with way less confidence." I gesture behind me as I rapidly retrace our path across the building. No sense in showing up on the rooftop now, not with the searchlights pointing this way and that and a few hundred people all slavering over the prize they might get for seeing a suspicious outline. "Tell me, that whole thing we did just now - you thought it was risky before, didn't you? Knowing what you know now, seeing how easy it was - you know you could do it again, if we time-travelled back just an hour ago. You'd be confident." I let the considering silence hang for a moment. "It's just like that. You don't know what you can do until you try it, and I've tried a lot more than most. I know what's too much, what's just routine." I grin. "That's why I know, I've got nothing to be afraid of in this compound."

"...why did you have to start flirting with Emma first after getting your powers?" That almost sounded like I wasn't supposed to hear that.

"Why, jealous? Your inner Taylor is shining through." I taunt.

She makes a disgusted noise. "Don't even compare us. Please. We're nothing alike."

"One attractive girl, two attractive girls. Similar enough to me." We clamber over another pipe. Almost there.

"Yeah, if you're blind, sure. Or into twigs." A smirk enters her voice. "Actually, I shouldn't be surprised you like her - now that I know you like men too."

"Huh?" I actually pause at that.

Sophia seems amused. "It's just I saw you grabbing Skidmark's dick earlier. Kinda gay if you ask me. Besides, I'll bet he's a quickshot. You reckon you made him bust while you were jerking-"

"You are repulsive. Don't even joke about that." I make a horrified face as she devolves into laughter. She stifles it a moment later at the sound of a loud revving engine and the distant sound of enraged screaming and loud orders. "Was that Skidmark?" We focus on the distant voice for a moment. With no immediate roar of an engine, it looks like we're safe for the moment.

Sophia returns to the topic with a shrug. "Right. Felt a little gross coming out of my mouth, to be honest - but I'm just happy that it bothers you more." She investigates ahead as I stick my head through the floor, moving purposefully at a familiar angle. "She's still there. I left my stolen gun on the roof, I could go grab it - we still have time to threaten her-"

"Sounds like a disaster of a plan. I don't think Skidmark values her enough for her to even use as a hostage, and certainly wouldn't just let us walk out. We'd end up no better than just sprinting out of here with our powers anyway." I stretch my arms out. "No. We ask nicely. Besides, isn't this far more of a win? Escaping from this situation because one of his own Capes helped us, while the rest of the gang thinks he's lost his mind chasing after ghosts? That seems like a more complete victory to me, even if he doesn't realise the extent of what we've taken from him."

I liked that more. A lot more. And that was even before we got into my longer-term aims out of this. I'd never gotten a chance to try and get close to Squealer. Skidmark was obviously never going to have any interest in talking to me again. But Mush? Mush could be my foot-in-the-door for the Merchants. But that would require more of a connection than we already had from our previous, all-too-brief conversation. No matter how lonely or antisocial she was, she'd barely remember me if I didn't take the opportunity to build on it. Because she didn't know I was anyone special - didn't know I was Void Cowboy. When 'James' disappeared, I needed to make sure the only friendly relation I had with the Merchants didn't go with him.

And if that meant letting her know that tonight's activities were orchestrated by Void Cowboy? Fine. That was the identity I'd be using from now on in our interactions anyway.

"You're talking like it's already a done deal." Sophia growls. "What's the plan when she tosses you at Skidmark's feet? Did you forget how she sided when it came to you versus Skidmark last time? You can't trust someone like her."

I give her a knowing look. "You're letting your biases get to you. Not all villains are the same, you know. She's the type to take the path of least resistance without a trace of shame. If I had to put it in your terms, I'd say... she's everything that you think Taylor is." I grin. "You'll see what I mean pretty fast. I think you'll hate her. Just watch."

And with that, I phase through the floor before she can make any further protests.

I settle on to the tiled floor of the women's restroom - the steady sprinkling of a shower still running in the far cubicle. I sidestep some fallen debris, the pile by the door had shifted slightly - the shape almost reminiscent of her previous trash-frame, except now it was slumped and lifeless - with bits and pieces fallen on each side according to the whims of gravity.

At a guess, she'd animated this with her tentacles just like my ash clone had in my last challenge against her. Remote-piloting, except instead of an invincible, self-repairing suit - she'd most likely just used it to scare off whatever Merchant had tried to get the door open to tell her that everyone was being ordered outside. Did she even know what was going on? Or did she know, and that was precisely why she was staying hidden well out of Skidmark's way?

Doesn't matter. Because I was inside the room now, and she couldn't pretend I wasn't here. I just needed to social-fu my way into getting her on-side. An impossible task? No. She was more introverted than even me. And if I was still vulnerable to any pretty girl insisting that I help with this thing or do things this way, then I was willing to bet that I could bulldoze through any arguments and do the same to her as well.

I don the brightest smile in the world, and race towards the final cubicle - the enthusiasm in my voice probably matching something out of her worst nightmares. "Mush! Mush!"

"W-wha-" The sheer horror in her expression as I pull the exposed lock open from the outside and push it open to send her sprawling is worthy of framing. Terrible lock. Exactly the same type as the ones at Winslow. Why even make locks that you can open with your nails from the other side?

"There you are." I beam. Stay confident. Bulldoze over her. I didn't even need to try and act. I felt invincible right now. I had a pretty good handle on Mush, and on the social battlefield... this girl was absolutely out of her element. "I need your help."

She gapes wordlessly for a moment, panic overtaking her features. "Is- is this about the ambulance? I- I really did mean to call them, but- I figured, hey! What if they asked me awkward questions about how it all happened, or if anyone involved is a gang member - a-and, well, I kind of talked myself out of it, but I really did mean to get someone to help! Eventually, at some point-" She babbles.

"Nevermind that." I dismiss. "Long story short, I snuck back in - caused some trouble for Skidmark, and now he really wants to kill me. He's lining up everyone outside to try and spot me in the crowd, and he's sending all of his goons out on a manhunt - and, in the process, it looks like they're going to knock this building down flat in case I'm hiding in it. Which I am. I need you to help me." I step forward, well into her personal space. "I need you."

"E-ehh? M-me? Against Skidmark? N-no way, I can't do it." She shakes her head frantically. "He'll yell at me again-"

I press forward. "That's exactly why I had to do it." She falls backwards on to the wet floor as I loom over her. "He disrespected me, sure. But I couldn't stand the way he disrespected you, after you didn't do anything wrong. You deserve better than that. I had to make sure to teach him a lesson that he wouldn't forget, for your sake."

I catch her nodding for a moment, before she starts shaking her head again. "W-wait, wait, wait. Th-this is a bit sudden. W-we don't really know each other all that well for you to do something like that-"

"How long do you really need to become someone's friend?" I pressure. "We've got a connection. A bond. We don't need a reason to help each other out." I cup one of her hands with both of mine. "I came back because it would have been wrong to leave you in this kind of situation forever. I empathise with you. I've been there - I know what you've been going through. Shared experiences like we have - that's the reason that we got on so well earlier. That's the reason we're going to keep on getting along. We're friends now, whether you like it or not."

"Fr-friends?" She looks a little wide-eyed at that. "W-wait a minute. If he's after you, and he finds you in here with me-"

"Then you'll be caught up in this too." I acknowledge, trying not to smile as her face goes sheet-white. "But he doesn't have to catch you, or us. You hide us in your trash cans, build up your usual frame - and you join the hunt for us at Skidmark's request. You get to land on his good side, we get away the moment you get far enough from the compound - and you get your revenge on Skidmark for being so mean to you without him even having a clue you did anything wrong."

I smile widely as I continue. "And that's the thing, isn't it? I'm sure this conversation would be pointless for any of the other Merchants - but you're not like them. You don't like Skidmark, you're just here for the easy ride. When's the last time anyone stuck up for you? What's the downside to making some friends in case this gig all falls apart? Is anything - anything at all - positive going to come from you turning us in? I'm sure Skidmark will be delighted, he might make you his chief enforcer-" A pained expression crosses her face.

"I'm dead. I'm actually dead." She echoes listlessly. "This is really the end for me now. Maybe if I run to him and start apologising now-"

"I think he isn't going to listen. We've made him... a little bit mad." I phrase delicately.

"We cut his dick off." Sophia voices. Hadn't expected her to emerge from the ceiling. I glance aside, seeing her leaning agains the wall outside of the cubicle - just outside of Mush's vision.

"W-wha-" Mush stammers. I'm not sure what set her off worse, the words spoken - or the fact that she was now interacting with twice the number of people as before.

"We did. And he went ballistic." I acknowledge. "Which is why we came to you. Because everyone is scared of you, nobody's going to ask to search inside the piles of trash making up your frame. You can walk out of here and get nothing but a bit of praise for helping out when you didn't need to." I clasp one of her hands between mine. "We need you."

"I- I-" Mush looks around frantically for help and support that isn't coming. An excuse for her to say no without having to actually stand her ground. I give her an encouraging smile as her panicked, helpless gaze meets with mine again. "I'm really going to die."

"If it comes to that, I'll defend you." I promise gallantly.

"We're both going to die." She amends quickly. But her fingers snake out all the same, looping through bin handles and then snaking across to the other side of the room. The frame slowly starts to form, scattered debris wrapping around the trash cans that are already being drained of water as fast as possible. "This is definitely blackmail, isn't it?"

"This is friendship." I state confidently. "Because friends don't let friends get mistreated by their bosses like that. I'll bet you anything that Skidmark will be too busy worrying about his personal health and getting revenge to even consider shouting at you for slacking anytime soon."

"Th-that's true. That is true." She brightens at that. "N-not that I was slacking. I have a work contract. Kind of. I only have to do something when we're fighting Capes. And-and I don't see any Capes around here, right? You both could have gotten into this sealed room in all kinds of ways! And those marks on your face might only look like they've disappeared because of makeup! And your leg probably wasn't all that injured in the first place! And- and- why did I say all of that out loud? You're going to execute me after this to keep your identity safe, aren't you? That's just my luck-"

"Ahem! Right. No Capes here, no costumes - see? Nothing for you to worry about." I affirm, getting a frantic nod in response. "And even if, hypothetically, we were Capes - we'd both be heroes - and we'd look at you, and see that you aren't a bad person at all. We're good guys, and we're friends. And we keep our word. Both today, and in the future. I'm sure there will be a time in the future where you need our help, and we'll come in to save you too."

"...you're not going to kill me?" She seeks clarity on that single point.

"I would never kill such a beautiful woman." I confirm, ignoring Sophia's mock-gagging in the background. It's romance, Sophia. Not every woman gets turned on by threats of violence and being beaten to a pulp.

"I'm- well." She looks a little pink at that. Weak to compliments. "W-well then. I- I don't really have a choice, right? Skidmark will yell at me if he finds you no matter what happens, so he's really the only one to blame. And- and- even if you did lie to drag me over to see Skidmark..." The shifting of her fingers is the only indication that the growing, hunched-giant behind her is ready to move. She pushes herself up, clinging tightly to me as we're practically scooped up into the 'cockpit' together. A trashcan. Of course. It was empty, at least. Relatively clean, too. But, still a trashcan. Two people standing up in it was... tight. And I wasn't complaining about that. "...I did like talking with you. I don't really want you to die."

"Trying to ditch me?" Sophia approaches as writhing tentacles heave us up into a hollowed-out portion of the 'mech'. I raise an eyebrow at the girl as she holds a discarded piece of debris up to her face to disguise herself.

"O-oh! I forgot about your friend. N-never!" Mush babbles into my chest, apparently seeing no urgency to break away - not that there's much room to even do so in here. "I wouldn't deliberately- it's just, delicate - consent is, is a thing. Picking up someone without, you know. Um. Do- do you want a ride?"

"That was a joke. Stop crying and apologising. It's pathetic." Sophia snarls.

"S-sorry." An annoyed grunt, and a sheepish yelp. "S-sorry! I mean, sorry-no. Um. I-"

"Stop." Sophia hisses.

"Right." A trash can is pressed towards Sophia. "Y-you can travel in this. I can make some space in the arms, they shouldn't move too much if we're just walking..."

Holding the slip of metal over her face means I can't see her expression, but I know that she's glowering at us. "What's wrong with being up there with you two? Just make a bit more space in the middle?"

Mush waves her arms around in an exaggerated motion. "This one is already a bit cramped, a container makes it easier for me - I don't have to worry about accidentally crushing anything when making limbs move." Mush explains. "And, the symmetry of it- I lose balance a lot if I'm not in the middle or if the shape is too different. I don't really try and improvise a lot with moving other people around, so this is the best I can do." She swallows, her voice becoming quiet. "A-and, you're a bit scary."

"What was that last part?" Sophia has already begrudgingly stepped into her assigned trashcan.

"N-nothing!" Mush shifts against my chest again, glancing to the side out of a narrow viewing port. "I'll- I'll just get moving then. In a very, non-suspicious way." I quietly whistle to myself as the entire frame somehow shifts and contorts itself through the double-doors that make up the fire-escape. Guess that explains how she got in here. Impressive flexibility on display. It's easy to think of this as some kind of powersuit or mech, but that's not it at all - it's a few long tentacles extending out of her body, latching on to whatever they touch with great strength and moving as easily as a cat moves its tail. There's no reason the tentacle needs to watch its centre of balance or keep the arms attached to the torso - it's just a giant muscle, of sorts. Even dropping parts entirely and hoovering them up via another part of her power is a viable route to increase her options against an obstacle like this.

She was downplaying her abilities and flexibility just a moment ago. This was absolutely impossible for me to fight in a fair playing field without an ambush. The light bridge earlier had been a stroke of genius, but I needed more powers before I could ever progress the fair one-on-one that was her next challenge. A challenge that was available to me right now.

But what the hell could I even do against a CAGE modifier? My only real tool against Brutes was abusing Clockblocker's power - like against Glory Girl, using their own strength to impale themselves on something sharp or small and overcoming durability like that. Repeating the trick on Mush wouldn't have any effect. I'd mildly damage a single 'limb', and absolutely nothing would happen. The damage wouldn't be real. Even slicing something off entirely would be pointless - another 'limb' would pick it up within seconds. There wasn't even a point in trying the challenge. I needed a game changer to progress here.

"Oh no, here they come." Mush quails at the approach of a pair of guards. "This is it. I never got to write my will-"

"Guess you're Mush? Heard someone tried telling Squealer you were still in there, but she was really about to just drop the building around you. Never seen her so mad." One guard coughs. "Uh, anyway. Guess I'll pass along Skidmark's message - have you seen that fighter from earlier? The one you threw out? Skidmark thinks he's snuck back in, sounds fucking livid about it. Heard he was looking for you specifically to see if you knew anything about them or how they got in."

"Uh-uhm." Mush barely whispers the words, utterly inaudible to anyone but me. "I-uh, m-me? Aha, n-no, I- um."

"....Hello? Mush?" The guard tries again.

It's not Mush that responds. "Do you think I don't know what's going on, moron? Just what do you think I've been doing in there? I've been looking for them, and I didn't find a fucking thing. I should ask, what are you doing? Do you really think that you can walk around telling me what to do? Why aren't you doing anything productive? Do I need to talk to Skidmark about how you don't seem to care about the search?" Sophia snarls through the viewport. "Get the fuck out of my sight and never talk to me again, or I'll kill you!"

"Oh noo-" I press Mush deeper into the chest to muffle the horrified moan.

"I-I apologise! I'll get back to work right away!" The man beats a hasty retreat, his companion already ahead of him from the moment Sophia started talking.

"They hate me, they really hate me!" Mush blubbers. "I'm not like that! Should I apologise? No, I can't do that. They'll know right away! How can I ever show my face here again?"

"Have some fucking pride and stand up for yourself. You are a Cape, for fuck's sake." Sophia snarls, voice carrying through the thin layers separating us. "Why are you scared of some literal nobodies? You're walking around in a giant that could stomp them flat in a second. Look at them running, look at them!" We both glance through the viewport at the rapidly retreating figures. "That is how it should be. Fear, and respect."

"I don't want that! I just want to be left alone!" She complains.

"Nobody's going to leave a complete doormat alone. Nobody. As long as you're a pushover, they'll just keep coming back and asking for more - knowing that you're an easy target. You've got to stand your ground. If someone pushes you, you have to bloody their nose - even if you lose." I hide a smile as Mush pilots us to a distant part of the courtyard while Sophia quietly rants. Mush must be her absolute nemesis. Taylor, except more hopeless and also with powers - at least, powers that she knows about. This affront to her ideology is probably going to keep her awake at night for months. "You are strong. You have to be strong. And above all, you have to make sure that everyone knows that you are strong - you get that? Every single Merchant around here needs to fucking quake at the idea of challenging you over something insignificant. You're a villain. Pretend that you're going to fly off the handle and kill someone at the drop of a hat. Take advantage!"

"Are-are you really a hero? You sound a bit-"

Sophia interrupts. "Of course I am! You think I'm the kind of worthless leech that would stoop to villainy?" An awkward pause. "Present company excepted-"

"Okay, guess we're not pretending we aren't Capes anymore-" I cough.

"No, no. I get that a lot." Mush admits as they both ignore me. "It's fair, if I have to be honest."

Sophia growls. "No, no, no! This is what I'm talking about! I just insulted you, and you just sat there and took it! Don't do that, it's pissing me off." Sophia knocks on the walls of her trash can insistently. "Get mad! Do something about it! Threaten to drop us both!"

"I can't do that, Skidmark will actually kill me at this point. And, and the guards might notice if I start acting up. I-it's the point of no-return, right? No way Skidmark buys that I didn't know at this point. He'll fire me out of a cannon made with his power, and I'll splat against that forcefield thing by the docks and people will take their children on a day trip out to point and laugh. They'll say, 'that little smear was Mush - she never really did anything of note and nobody misses her. Study hard at school or you'll end up like her-'"

"Skidmark won't kill you, not if I get you first." Sophia rages in a furious whisper. "Grow a spine. What are you even afraid of? You're a Cape. An actual fucking Cape. You can pick yourself up, go almost anywhere in the country and be one of the top-ten most important people in the area. Even here, you still rank in the top fifty. What are you doing quaking at what a guard might do? Why are you worried about Skidmark, one of the most useless fuckers in the entire city - when you could join any team you wanted before today is even over? You can fix your entire life in three minutes, easily! I hate to advocate for the Protectorate, but they'll recruit anyone at this point. An easy job, and it has nothing to do with the fucking Merchants."

"I don't want a job, I want to laze around and not interact with anyone." Mush protests.

Sophia is momentarily stunned by the response. "How- how can you say that with a straight face? How dare you say that with a straight face?"

"Not the best time, ladies..." I murmur.

"You're just content to be a failure? In the worst gang in the entire Bay?" Sophia almost seems like a broken record, unable to process what she's hearing.

"Y-yes?" Mush attempts meekly. "W-well. Actually, I don't think we're the worst, statistically speaking-"

"But you could be a hero in the Protectorate! Or you could join this moron's team. You have options!" Sophia is sounding a little desperate now.

Mush makes a noise. "I'd have to patrol?" I grunt in agreement. "Talk to people?" Sophia nods. "I wouldn't be allowed to stay covered by my power all day?" Another nod. Probably difficult to avoid having to look normal at some stage. The Protectorate wouldn't like someone stomping around and destroying the roads and cars with every step, and Taylor and I would never catch anyone if our every movement was telegraphed by the Iron Giant over here - even in her 'smaller' frames, subtlety wasn't on the cards. "Sounds terrible. I mean, I'm a loyal member of the Merchants. So loyal, so dedicated - I would never even consider anything else-"

"So loyal and so dedicated that you're hiding your gang's two most-wanted targets from your boss." I murmur. "Don't worry, I get it. It's not really about the Merchants, it's about getting what you want out of life - if exploiting the Merchants gives you the best outcome, I support you in that. Even though I would love to have you on my team - and the offer is always open, if you run into any trouble with your current arrangement."

"Th-thanks." She was definitely pressing into me more than strictly necessary in this space. Deliberate? Accidental? I was leaning towards the former, but I was a porn addict for years and maybe I was overestimating how easy it was for her to create a larger-than-usual hole in the centre of her not-mech for us to hide in. Was this me blowing up something innocent into something perverted? Was this the female equivalent of me pressing my face into a pair of breasts and breathing in with all my might? Maybe I'm being quietly molested here, or maybe she's just completely oblivious about the effect of her body on other people. Either way, I don't mind. Molest away, ladies.

"And really, even though I think I was a little pushy about it - you did make the decision yourself. You chose to oppose Skidmark. You knew that he deserved everything that was coming to him, and deep-down, you're happy that you can inconvenience him in your own small way - consequence free. That's courage too, even if my partner here would disagree." I ignore the exaggerated scoffing sounds next to us. "Honestly, if Skidmark wasn't in charge - the Merchants wouldn't even need to be anything worth fighting over. I'm sure Squealer and yourself would be happy to be left in peace doing your own thing, it's only really Skidmark driving you all forward into conflict with the other gangs, right?"

"That's right." She nods. "It's not like I enjoy being a criminal or anything, it just worked out this way somehow. I'm a victim of society-"

"I will hurt you." Sophia promises.

"It's all my fault." Mush backtracks without a trace of shame. "But I can change! I've been inspired by your heroism, and I'm going to become a new me! Starting from tomorrow-"

"Pretty sure you said the same thing earlier." I drawl.

"...It's still today?" She offers a weak excuse.

"Mhm, I guess so." I smile. "But don't worry about that. You don't need to make any grand promises. I was just pointing out that, really, Skidmark is the problem. If he could be sidelined, keeping the Merchants as a passive, controlled force - that would be the kind of Cape that nobody would be interested in screwing with. The PRT won't feel the need to come down hard on you, the gangs won't care - and, personally speaking? I'd love to have a working relationship with you and Squealer to keep you out of trouble. Sounds like everyone is happy in that scenario, right? You don't have anyone to yell at you, you don't have to do anything other than exist-" And be my obedient lover, quietly controlling this part of the Brockton Bay Underworld for its new master - but never mind the small details. "-and we don't have to run around fighting a third gang trying to carve out territory."

As if the Merchants would ever be in that kind of position, but I doubted Mush had a solid enough grasp to understand just how impossible it was for the gang to get that kind of support. Skidmark was absolutely delusional. The only way the Merchants were going to become a major player is if they got a half-dozen more Capes or if Lung got arrested and they linked up with the now-Capeless ABB.

"That would be perfect." Mush admits. And that admission is all I want, really. Because taking his manhood wasn't all I wanted from Skidmark. I wanted his things to become mine. And planting a seed of thought that really, Skidmark shouldn't be the leader - and eventually, the idea that perhaps I should be instead - was ultimately the direction I wanted this to go in long-term. Turning Skidmark into an obstacle to work around, rather than the obvious choice of a leader. It's just as we were saying when I was still following him around - it's the small acts of disrespect that lead up to people getting ideas. A petty act of rebellion that goes undetected, slowly forming the seeds of a coup.

I shift as movement flickers in the corner of my vision, out of the sole viewing port I could see without turning around. "Well, a dream like that takes some working towards - but if I had to say where it started, I'd say it starts with managing to lie to your boss when he asks you about the people he's hunting down."

"What?" She turns, spotting the same approaching figure that I had noticed already. "Oh, oh no."

"It's fine. It's not a crime to not know anything, right? You just have to sound oblivious, maybe even try and be helpful and proactive about the search. He'll swear a bit, but he won't do anything." I wrap my arms around her, lower arm linking up at her waist as my upper arms squish her breasts. "I'm right here. Be confident. You don't have to volunteer anything. Not saying anything at all is a win, something that sabotages him and his position in the gang - and brings you one step closer to your ideal life." I like to think I'm a pretty good motivational speaker, because all of my best lines come from imagining I'm some harem protagonist in my collection of cultured video games. Sophia would insult me and laugh if I ever admitted that out loud, but it was working - wasn't it? It's not stupid if it works.

"You-you're right." She leans back into me, pulling my arms around her a little tighter. A moment later, the area holding us shifts slightly - metal walls pressing in ever so slightly. An unconscious sign of nervousness, or a silent ploy for someone that very much seemed to be enjoying our physical proximity? "I-I just have to-"

"Mush, you useless little rat!" Skidmark roars up at us. "Where the fuck did you run off to? That fucking shitstain you brought in with you, have you been working with him? Did you bring him back inside?"

Mush practically slumps into me as if struck. "We're dead." She mumbles.

"He doesn't know, you moron." Sophia hisses quietly. "Just act confused and stupid, like normal."

"He's just looking for someone to blame, he would already have attacked you if he knew." I add in a dead whisper.

"Well? Answer me, cunt! What did he promise you? Who did he bring with him? Where did he go?" Skidmark continues to rage on.

"U-um. I don't really know what you mean?" I give her an encouraging squeeze as she calls out in a voice he can actually hear from our elevated position. "I only met that guy when he said that you wanted to meet with me. I've never-" Her voice falters. "I mean, you know me. Not much of a talker, ahah..." She trails off with a weak, awkward laugh.

Skidmark seethes silently for a moment, although the usual effect of his murderous expression is lost when we have to peer down at him from this high up in the air. Like leaning over a balcony to talk with someone on the ground level that's used to intimidating you with the height difference. The effect just wasn't there. "That figures." He grunts finally. "Too fucking useless to be of any use to anyone other than me." Skidmark still looks furious. "How about you make yourself fucking useful for once, go and find the cunt and bring him back here. Search the streets with everyone else. I don't want to see your ugly face until that guy or his corpse is mounted on the front of Squealer's truck. Got that, bitch?"

"U-um. Yes! I've got it! I'll- I'll just- I'll just leave then, if that's... okay?" She trails off.

"Fuck off already! Useless shit for brains, do I have to do all the thinking for you? Useless fucking whores in this organisation, can't fucking get anyone with a blip of sense in this shit gang." He storms off.

"Nicely done." I whisper.

"Don't compliment her for the most basic task possible." Sophia grouches.

"She could have exposed you, a bit of gratitude wouldn't go amiss." I jab back at her.

"Something that was only at risk anyway because you completely fucked up the plan." She hits back. "Should have knocked him out. If you'd actually laid the plan out ahead of time, I would have told you that."

I concede that. "Maybe." I hadn't quite expected the 'removal' to be quite so bloody - I'd been a little bit worried that if I knocked him out with a wound like that, he might never wake up. I could only compare it to the times where I'd lost limbs and body parts myself - and while I'd clearly made a mess, it was definitely less severe than the times that I'd lost a leg or an arm. And I tended to survive that, if I managed to stay conscious and get myself help. Going unconscious due to blood loss usually was the same thing as death in my simulations, so I didn't really have the same grasp on what was 'lethal' in that way. Maybe I needed more experience. An easy thing to test, with my power - just a little... bloody. Gruesome, might be the better word. It wasn't like I enjoyed hurting random people for science. "Still, it all worked out. He does a pretty good job hiding it, don't you think? Voice might be a little shrill, but he's really trying to keep appearances up. I think he's a lot less intimidating when you know."

Despite herself, Sophia snickers. "Do you think he stuck a little plaster over what's left? He got back to business pretty quickly."

"Didn't need that image in my head." I smirk. "What's the alternative? Maybe he can get by with tampons now." This time, Mush is the one that can't prevent a yip of laughter from escaping - although perhaps that was partly a bit of nervous energy escaping. "Come on, let's get out of here before he decides to circle back around."

"I'm going!" Mush enthuses, apparently losing the nervous edge that had been hanging over her for the last few minutes. The hulking trash frame groans and shifts as it bowls through the nearest fence line.

"Wasn't so bad, was it?" I probe Mush as we race through the street.

"Easy for you to say." She huffs. "But... I'll admit, it worked out. Started out like a nightmare, but of a bit of a dream in the end. Everything's perfect."

"Don't sit there with a smile on your face like you've achieved anything." Sophia immediately shatters the peace. "Don't think I'm done with you. This cannot be the extent of what you want. You've got to want more. Where's your ambition? Your dreams?"

"I really am being honest with you. I don't really care about all of that." Mush pouts, shifting her weight around - the action only serving to press herself up against my groin.

I bite my lip as Sophia starts a rant that I quickly tune out of. Was she being deliberate about this? Or was I reading too much into it? She seemed too shy to be this aggressive, but with this situation... she had a viable excuse for any 'accidental' movements. If Sophia wasn't here, I might have considered trying my luck - getting a little handsy myself - but my power had already warped Mush so much in so few challenges, that I couldn't really rely on her accepting everything I did without a blink. Perhaps, for her - this was a bit of naughtiness that she could get away with unchallenged and consequence-free, but still wouldn't be ready for the lewd behaviour that my other girls were used to by now.

Or maybe I was overthinking it, and I could be dicking her down in ten-minutes flat the moment Sophia left the scene. I don't know. All I knew was that my dick was complaining about me not doing anything about the nubile girl clad in a still-wet, oversized T-shirt grinding up against me and pretending to have no idea about the effect that was having on me.

Alternatively, this was Taylor again - and I was backing away from an open goal out of a fear of rejection. A fear that, oddly enough, becomes a lot worse when you're basically mastering people to like you. Getting rejected anyway would be embarrassing, right? That would follow me as a core memory for years, long after I'd triumphed over everyone involved.

Frustrating. But... if I stopped thinking with my dick for a moment, this wasn't a bad place to leave it at. Mush was my only 'in' for the Merchants. I couldn't risk ruining that by pushing too far because I was impatient. The prize was already guaranteed, the moment I unlocked a viable way to attack her in her frames. That was a nicer way to look at it. I wasn't holding back because I was afraid of rejection and consequences, I was playing it safe because I had patience and confidence in my abilities.

If I repeated it enough, I could almost believe it.

"Look." Mush's words cut off Sophia's increasingly incensed speech to a girl that was far too honest about her ambition to be a NEET living out of a literal trash can. My attention is directed out of the thin slit that makes up the viewing port. "They're raiding houses... Skidmark hates people acting out like this. Gets too much attention." Mush murmurs as we prowl past a half-dozen Merchants barging their way through a doorway as a furious resident berates them.

"We'll chalk it up to exceptional circumstances." I drawl. "I'm guessing the order came right from him this time. Assume that they blocked off the street in time with the fleet of trucks, then search every building wee could be hiding in."

Sophia steps in to the conversation. "Whatever the case, those are homes and businesses - even if they're sketchy ones. Only a matter of time before the police get called. They'll back up when Squealer shows her face, then they'll send out a hero or two to politely ask the Merchants to leave the ransacked homes and go home. What a city. Only a one hour response time to get the murderous thugs out of your home." She sounds bitter. "Take the next left, we're almost there."

"Huh? You don't want me to take you past those guys?" She shifts the mech to point towards the distance, where a junction is entirely blocked by a collection of run-down cars and at least a dozen armed men lazing around on top of them.

"No, it's fine. We can take it from here." I assure her. "And we wouldn't want anyone to ask you any strange questions about where you're going while everyone else is searching."

"Definitely not." She agrees easily.

"Here. Can you drop us off just down there?" I point out an alleyway to redirect Mush. The end of our alliance, for now.

No need to rush. I'd have both her and Squealer in due time. This wasn't purely about my challenges, either. This was real power, in the real world. When I returned to the Merchants - alone - I could pick up right where I left off here, with a third of their Capes already near-ready to cede control to me. And, sure, Mush wasn't thinking about it quite like that. I couldn't expect ready obedience or for her to look to me for leadership like Sophia and Taylor - but the idea that the current leader was annoying, and that someone else with the right mindset could offer change... that was all I needed to start with.

If I could do the same to Squealer, that would be perfect. A pair of loyal toys for me to return to whenever Sophia and Taylor weren't around, and both of them would, in turn, give me access to Skidmark too - it all just worked. A set of Capes that was just weak enough that turning them all was a serious possibility. And from that, I could finish what I'd half-started in the party - bring over the rest of the unpowered leaders of the organisation and establish the start of a loyal underworld for myself. The rest of my team wouldn't understand, but they didn't need to. As far as they would be concerned, my friendliness here and my hope in them becoming passive, do-nothing players in the Bay was just an easy way to wipe out a villainous gang without needing to fight.

I'd made some pretty good steps towards that front. What was important was establishing some kind of ability for me to meet up with them again, preferably under a flag of peace.

Honestly, hadn't I kind of already done that? I could hardly imagine Mush attacking me if I just showed up in front of her again. The only issue was finding her. I'm pretty sure she doesn't have any real input over where the Merchants go - and the lack of a phone or any other method of communication was pretty obvious as well. I could buy one, but I didn't have anything to hand - and honestly, at this challenge level, I wouldn't trust her to pick up the phone when it rang anyway. If she even kept it on at all.

I needed Squealer. The Merchants couldn't organise a thing without looping her in. She was the de-facto second-in-command. And she was a Tinker. No way she would have any trouble with modern communication or arranging a meetup.

...was it even worth attacking the Merchants at this point? Really, I could just back away - appear entirely uninvolved with this situation, and find a way to get eyes on Squealer just once more. If I could come to some kind of arrangement... maybe even 'leak' the fact that I had healing powers that might work on Skidmark to arrange a few 'healing' sessions. Clearly, showing my face properly was out - even if my actions had made it obvious, Mush hadn't taken long to connect my costumeless-but-healed face with the scarred visage of 'James' and even if Skidmark was an incoherent mess of a human being, I wouldn't bet on him being any slower to make that connection if we met face-to-face before the memory had a chance to fade.

But then again, why would Squealer trust me with that if they were otherwise in a good position? I was a hero, they were villains. They didn't have a reason to even entertain my offer, a twin lack of both desperation and trust. Was it worth leaving them alone, just in the hope of keeping an amicable relationship with people that I was mastering anyway? And what did I say to Taylor and Sophia, both jumping at the bit to strike a blow against the minor gang? What did I say to PHO, after telling the boards to just sit tight and wait for my next move after the relative silence since Oni Lee's capture?

...I don't know. Maybe it's a good idea to hit the Merchants here, get one last set of challenges attempted and call it a day - or maybe I was being an idiot. But I was here now. If I fucked it up, there were other fish to fry in the Bay. I wanted to kick the anthill here. If we lost or drew, we could just retreat and brag on PHO about starting a fight. If we won, we get to drag the Protectorate out of bed to arrest them - for however many days they'd manage to keep them under lock-and-key - and I'd get another set of challenges to try from whoever they sent to investigate. Plus, the PHO bragging rights again. The actual rank-and-file Merchants getting a taste of Arachne would work against Skidmark and his attempt to stoke enthusiasm towards turning them into a rival gang to the Empire and the ABB. I'd- we- would get our second big feather-in-our-caps as local heroes since Oni Lee.

I wanted to fight. Or, I wanted to win. To be seen to win, at the very least. To get a last round of challenges in against Squealer and Skidmark. Squealer first, naturally. It didn't really need to make a difference - sending the gang scattering into the wind with their tail between their legs was probably the most likely outcome, seeing how most of Squealer's 'fights' usually went. But that was good enough. I'd get an opportunity to shit on the PRT not doing anything about it, they'd most likely send someone to investigate even if we didn't truss anyone important up as long as enough noise was made in the process.

Yes. This was still a good idea. The absolute worst-case, ignoring any random, unexpected deaths - was that the Merchant Capes all got arrested. And that was still something I could work with and adapt to. They were all low-priority and bound for low-security prisons, someone would probably break them out in return for favours or cash. And if I was wrong and they didn't, great - they were all stuck in one place just waiting for me to come and visit one day. But it probably wouldn't come to that. They just didn't have the rap sheet that someone like Hookwolf or Oni Lee had. Mush might even just get recruited by the Protectorate given her lack of criminal history - and while that was slightly awkward after seeing our faces, I doubted she was the type to volunteer information.

Although she could absolutely ruin Sophia's day by describing the girl at my side. She might have gotten away with being guessed as Arachne at a glance, but Taylor's new suit didn't cover all of her skin - and she definitely wasn't black.

But that would be Sophia's problem. I never told her to blatantly announce herself, or even show up in person before I was done talking with Mush. Hiding her face only went so far when her abrasive personality was still on full display. I could easily have kept her out of sight if she'd been patient, made some kind of excuse about needing a container for my ash clone to travel in - but either she was a bit too trusting of my plan, or perhaps just had faith in Mush not to spill the beans.

Or, maybe something else was at play entirely. Sophia and Mush were both affected by my power - did that impact their approach towards each other as well? Did it matter?

Whatever. As I said. Sophia's problem. If things got that far, I'd leave it to her to work it out or coach Mush into saying the right things. If it didn't work out, I'd just fix the consequences when I take charge of the PRT.

Amazing how simple it all ends up being. Just keep fighting. Keep getting stronger. And all these silly questions about the optimal path and the concerns of other people just melt away. Who needs ethical conundrums and lasting consequences when you're strong enough to have the final word? And maybe that was still a way off, but I wouldn't knock my efforts today. I'd walked into a gang and walked back out with a copy of every single power on offer. If I could just repeat that with the Empire, or the Protectorate... game over.

"H-here?" Mush pipes up, finally halting at the edge of the building where we stashed our costumes. "There's still people running around looking for you, I could take you further if you wanted... Skidmark said he didn't want to see me anyway, so I might as well just stay away for as long as I can, right?"

I separate from Mush, almost tripping as I escape the confines of the lowered cockpit and get back on to solid ground. "This place is perfect. We'll make sure not to let anyone find us that easily. Wouldn't want to get our new friend into any trouble after all you've done for us. Right?" I eye Sophia as she sourly escapes from her trashcan, still making just a token effort to hide her face from Mush's view.

"Speak for yourself."" She mutters darkly. "Not my friend, I have stand- ouch!" She lashes her leg back out at me in response to me deliberately stepping on her toe. "Fuck you!" She narrowly sidesteps a falling trash bag, filled to the brim with drink bottles.

Mush settles back into her home of choice, taking a seated position once more as Sophia glowers up at her. "Sorry, this thing falls apart over time - I don't usually use my power in a shape like this." Mush is absolutely lying, but neither of us can prove it. Not that I want to. My girls being catty towards each other is kind of hot. I didn't even think Mush was capable of it. "It's my fault."

"Don't worry about it. And try not to pay too much attention to her, she's got certain expectations for how a Cape should be and she's built her entire personality around being a bitch. You're doing fine." She preens under my words. Compliments seemed effective before, so why stop? I wanted to be her pillar of support - to such an extent that when I'm not there, there's no way she couldn't notice the difference. I wanted her reliant on me. I wanted her to look forward to seeing me again. And I couldn't entirely trust that my current challenges would do all of the work for me at this level.

Maybe taking advantage of her attention-starved nature and obvious loneliness was a dick move, but if it's all in the name of getting her into the harem eventually - I was really just doing her a favour. Picture how much happier Taylor would have been if I'd pushed her a little harder at the start. I'd bet anything Taylor would have been a lot happier about my ideas if she had the confidence that I liked her and her body too - rather than me 'being seduced' by Emma before she could even work out her own feelings.

Damn, I really wanted to see how far I could push Mush. But not in front of Sophia. I didn't want to form too much of a pattern too fast. Leet was one thing, but doing the same with the very next villain she sees me with? Maybe she wouldn't care, or chalk it up to the natural response of some predator/prey bullshit - but equally, she might think it was strange. Maybe she'd start being suspicious about my confidence and 'luck' with women, or even if she didn't - maybe she would just make the wrong kind of comment about me towards someone more inclined to start investigating.

But I had to get over that hurdle eventually. Would this be a bad place to start? Mush latching on to me would be a lot easier to explain that Glory Girl dumping that one guy for me. I was aiming for the harem end here, at some point I needed the kind of reputation where someone saw a new Cape fawning over me - and instead of suspicion or consternation, they would just shake their fist at the heavens and scream 'He can't keep getting away with it!'.

It could work out. But, it also might not. That was the test, really. There were A-class threats that were too powerful to antagonise or hunt down. I knew my Cape lore well. The level of power where people wouldn't want to ask those questions - or, even, where they would already know the answer and choose not to do anything about it - I wasn't there yet. I wasn't even close. I needed to be... Lung. That was the level. Not just strong enough to beat him, but known to be strong enough that I would beat him. I couldn't undo a clash with the PRT if they started throwing accusations around.

So I do nothing, letting Mush nervously peek out across the street as if waiting for Skidmark to round a corner and start screaming at her for associating with us at any moment. A comical sight, considering it was done in a mech that could stand and be almost as tall as the building she was hiding behind.

Sophia crosses her arms, looking less irate than before - but still wearing her usual scowl. "So, what now? You're really going to go crawling back to Skidmark like nothing happened?"

"That-that would probably be best, right? I mean, saying that something happened would be bad for everyone." Mush hastily elaborates as Sophia's glare deepens. "I-I mean, I'll admit that I kind of liked that you seemed to piss him off - and I like seeing him lose, but it doesn't change anything for me personally, you know? I'm not going to run around chasing after you or anything, I'll just find somewhere to lie low until Skidmark cools off and then..." She shrugs. "Back to normal."

"It doesn't have to go back to normal." The frustration is plain in her voice. "You don't need to act like this. You're strong. You've made it."

"But I want to go back to normal!" Mush insists. "This has been a dream come true, but this is enough excitement and socialising for today. And the rest of the month, honestly."

"That was a dream come true?" Sophia adopts a sceptical look. "You need better dreams."

"No, really! It was great!" Mush brightens. "Skidmark was bullying me again, except this time a hero swoops in to punish him - and then the hero needs to rely on me to escape safely, and I get to be useful without any lasting commitments, consequences or responsibilities. And along the way, Skidmark tells me not to show my face until I've done the task that I know is impossible - so I could drag this out for weeks if I can work with Squealer to keep out of his sight. And the hero in question seems friendly and cute, and he seems to have really low standards which is great for me because I'm no good at making friends. And the hero and his sidekick-" Sophia flinches as if struck. "-don't really care about arresting me or starting a fight with the Merchants, so Skidmark can't even yell at me for not defending everyone from Cape attacks like I'm supposed to."

"Stop." Sophia looks pained. "First of all, he isn't- no. I'm not-" She pauses for even longer this time. "I'm not his sidekick."

"Huh?" She looks surprised. "But aren't you Arachne?" She glances towards me. "I just assumed that you were Void Cowboy and his partner in disguise, but did I get that wrong?"

Sophia twitches as I stifle a grin. I step in to save her. "That's right. This is my sidekick, and I'm Void Cowboy. I'll admit, I didn't expect you to guess our names. You don't seem very..." What was the right word here? Worldly? Well-connected?

She replies as if I said those options out loud. "O-oh, I'm not super smart or anything. But Squealer makes flashcards for most of the Capes in the Bay and I was scared that Skidmark would ask a question that I wouldn't know the answer too, so I memorised them well-enough that he wouldn't yell at me."

Organised. Not something I would have expected from the Merchants. Did the other gangs do the same? Somehow, I found it hard to imagine Hookwolf clicking through slides on his laptop, trying to give a presentation to the younger Nazis. "...did he ever ask?"

"...no." She admits. "But, I'll be ready if he does!"

"Getting off-topic." Sophia sighs. "Ignoring my... identity." It's a flimsy defence, particularly as Arachne's current costume actually shows skin - but it was a misunderstanding that suited her. After all, Shadow Stalker had no business being here at all - and certainly shouldn't have had anything to do with making Skidmark into an eunuch. Maybe my status as a grab-bag could be used as a shield - one power that helped disguises wasn't that much of a stretch - but it was best not to push it. "He is not cute."

Mush tilts her head. "You don't think so?"

"I do not!" Sophia injects some heat into her voice. "And you shouldn't either. You can definitely do better than him. Have some self-respect-"

"Oh. Oh! Don't worry. I'm not trying to steal him away from you." Mush waves her free arm around as Sophia's expression turns flat. "I'm just appreciative of what's in front of me. I wouldn't even know what to do in a romantic relationship."

"Neither would he." Sophia seizes the opportunity to complain about me. "He's a complete manwhore. I know, for an absolute fact, that he's actively sleeping with four girls right now - maybe more. That is not someone you should be pining after, especially not as a Cape with all the options in the world to pick from!"

"And you're one of them?" A rosy flush on her face as she turns is illuminated by the nearest streetlight as Sophia shrinks away from the question. "Wow. That's amazing. And, honestly, maybe that's even better. I could just be a side-mistress or something who gets kept in the basement, and all of the wife-stuff and socialising could be done by other people-" Mush adopts a panicked expression at Sophia's twitching expression. "N-not that I was seriously considering it! I know it's not on the cards, just thinking out loud! I promise! He's all yours!"

"Stop being so pathetic, stop putting yourself down like that! It disgusts me." Sophia hisses. "And I don't want him, get it into your head - he doesn't deserve you. Or me. Or anyone! Honestly, he should die single and alone."

"Fuck you." I flip her off with a merry expression. She didn't mean that. Classic tsundere behaviour.

"I didn't want to start a fight." Mush makes a pained expression, the wall of metal and trash at her side inching forward to partially enclose her. "Sorry, I- I don't talk with people much. It's not like my social situation could get much worse, so I kind of just say whatever comes to mind these days. Not much of a filter, I guess." She fidgets with her hands. "And- and you don't mean that. You seem worried about him too, I think that-"

I wince. Mush is really doing a good job at hitting all of Sophia's sensitive spots here.

"Are you trying to start a fight?"

"No! Never! In fact, I'm going to run away right now so I don't have to fight! I-it was nice meeting you all, I should get going now!" Mush babbles as a tentacle surges out of her shoulder, looping back into the mech and pulling her back in - the action also serving to eliminate the 'cockpit' area and replacing it with the more familiar trashcan that she had made her home in previously.

But Sophia is grinning like a psychopath now. "Right. I remember hearing something like that. Your lazy, do-nothing lifestyle is entirely supported by your promise that you'll fight on the side of the Merchants if a Cape fight breaks out, right? So, if that ever happened - you'd have to grow a spine and start fighting back, wouldn't you?" Sophia smiles beatifically. Mush takes a half-step back in her frame at the sight. "Otherwise, you'd find yourself kicked out again. You'd have to get a job. Maybe the Protectorate would grab you, force you to do public interviews and patrol through the busy streets of the Boardwalk - singing songs for little kids and giving speeches to the masses."

"U-um." Mush sounds more nervous than usual. "I-I suppose that isn't- isn't entirely wrong? Maybe a few key details-"

"Oh, don't worry." Sophia looks far, far too happy. "Just checking I remembered correctly. Enjoy the rest of your evening, Mush. I look forward to meeting you again soon."

If Mush has a response to the thinly-veiled threat, it's too quiet for us to make out. The trash golem hastily retreats and sprints down the road.

"Did you have to chase her off? I was going to try and get her hooked on PHO, if she isn't already. You know what kind of magic I could do with regular contact with a girl as isolated as that? Tell me that it's impossible to poach her away. We need a tank in our party, you know?" I send a bemused look to Sophia as she steadfastly ignores me. "You know, if you do try and hunt her down later - she's going to realise pretty quickly that you aren't really Arachne."

"I don't care. Let me have this." Sophia hisses, smoky hand reaching into a nearby wall and retrieving our folded costumes.

I shrug. "I'm just saying. Fleeting moment of joy, then you have to explain to the PRT why you were anywhere close to where the Cowboys were operating - or why Mush's story doesn't add up if she gets arrested and interviewed."

"Firstly, we are not called the Cowboys. That's... no. You don't get team naming privileges. Ask Arachne for one if you need one. She's smarter than you." Sophia tells me woodenly. "And, secondly - villains don't get interviewed or debriefed like that unless there's some other threat we need to know about. Kid gloves all the way. You know us." She tilts her head down the street we came from, where the roar of voices and the rumble of unprofessional demolition can be heard. "And third, what do you mean? Look how much noise the Merchants are making. I don't even live that far from here. If anyone asks, I just came to see what all the noise was about. I have every right to be here."

Oh? "Would the PRT agree?"

"Tch." Sophia sullenly works her way into her costume, evidently unbothered by her momentarily uncovered state as her previous disguise is cast aside. I follow suit - except, my costume is barely a costume. I'm basically just throwing on a few different layers and a mask. Still need to go and catch up with Parian about that. It's just not really been a priority - or, rather, the priority was always about meeting Parian, rather than any special need for a well-made costume from an independent supplier. Hell, Taylor could probably do a better job if that was all I needed.

Sophia tosses my phone at me. I miss it, fumble the attempt to save it with Vista's power and have to settle for Clockblocking it with a hasty kick before it can hit the ground. I send her a glower. "You'd be paying for that if it broke."

"Oh no, not your cheap dollar-store phone." She makes a show of yawning as she peers at her own. "What a terrifying threat." She pauses, then smirks at the screen - typing away quickly in response.

"Did Emma say something funny?" I cross my arms.

"Shouldn't talk about civilian stuff in this guise out here, but no. Arachne, actually." She stretches vertically and peers around the corner of the alley, glancing down the street in both directions. One way, a Merchant blockade. The other, a group of drunk Merchants apparently intent on going house-by-house to get that reward money.

"Care to elaborate on that?" I kneel down to cup my frozen phone, waiting for it to drop as she continues to type.

"Nothing much. Seems like she arrived ahead of schedule, and was flitting about all worried that you weren't answering your phone." Sophia smiles at a distant howl in the wind. "Only, the Merchants suddenly started making a scene and she wanted some advice on how to approach them."

"Really not sure about the lack of details I'm getting here." I sigh. A few seconds later, my phone drops harmlessly into my hand.

PHO Mobile:

New message from: Arachne, theDARKESTshadow

Arachne: I'm on my way.

Arachne: I'm here.

Arachne: Void?

Arachne: I'll just patrol on my own for a bit around here until you get online.

Arachne: Think I can see the place you were talking about, but I can't get too close - too many guards around, and I'm not exactly well-suited to hiding. Gonna try and find a spot with good coverage over the area, send me a message when you get back online.

Arachne: Merchants suddenly lost their minds. Looks like a complete street takeover around here. Just watching them build an actual barricade on the crossroads now. Anything to do with you? Worried about you.

Arachne: Merchants are clashing with the police here. I don't know what you're up to, but I'm going to help out.

Arachne: Don't worry if you're trying to keep our presence quiet, I won't let any get away.

Arachne shared a location!

Arachne: I'm here. Police don't know what's going on, but there are civilians in trouble. They don't want to do anything because Squealer's driving in circles around the block with some monster of a truck. Will you be okay if I start making a move on the Merchants now?

theDARKESTshadow: Why, do you really need permission? If you're a fan of sitting and watching, just stay with the nice policeman and ask for a gold sticker for helping out - I'm sure someone from the Protectorate will be along to process you into the Wards at any moment.

Arachne: If I wanted your opinion, I would have asked.

theDARKESTshadow: Big words for someone who showed up so late. You missed the exciting part.

Arachne: You're here too?

theDARKESTshadow: Obviously. Why do you think the Merchants are so angry? While you were waiting for your babysitter to fall asleep, the two of us were hitting them where it hurts.

Arachne: Void is with you?

theDARKESTshadow: He can't type right now, but yes. In fact, we were both here before he ever sent that message to you.

Arachne: Void?

theDARKESTshadow: Don't worry about it. I'm sure he had his reasons for leaving you in the dark. We're just about ready to take the Merchants out now. You can sit back and keep letting us do the hero work. You must be used to it by now, right?

Arachne: I was only contacting you to try and avoid accidentally taking you out. All I need from you is to stay out of the way. We don't have any use for a floating cloud today.

theDARKESTshadow: Would have liked to see you try. What, did you bring out the extra-sparkly butterflies today?

I send a withering look to Sophia. She looks unapologetic.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Fight it out in person another day. This isn't the time. If we want to hit the Merchants, now is the best time - they don't know that they're looking for us (the Cowboys) in particular. We didn't use our powers in front of them, so they're making a scene for nothing. The PRT can't ignore them going on a rampage like this, so we'll get reinforcements at some point. Can you track Squealer? She'll be responsible for the escape plan, whatever it is.

Arachne: I've got tags on all of their Capes, and most of the gang members. We can take them all out today.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Perfect. Can you handle the gang members? Your power is the best for that.

theDARKESTshadow: Just to let you know, if someone panics about your bugs and starts shooting - and they hit someone? Your fault. They'll totally throw the book at you for it.

Arachne: Most of their guns don't work anymore. But I appreciate the advice. I'll handle the grunts. Skidmark is with them, so I'll take him out as well.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: I'll send our location. Don't bite us.

Arachne: I already know where you are.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: You didn't need to make that sound so ominous. Are you here?

Arachne: No, but some of the bugs are attracted to lights if I let them go mid-air - that gives me a map of every phone and screen within my range. Then I just need to feel you typing, and its easy confirmation.

Shadow Stalker makes a noise of complaint, flicking unseen bugs from her gloves.

theDARKESTshadow: Gross.

Arachne: Sorry to scare you. Thought you would be made of sterner stuff.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Ladies. Later! I'll go take on Squealer. If you can point me in the right direction?

Arachne: Sure. I can't help you inside her truck, it's all sealed up pretty tight.

theDARKESTshadow: I'll take the last one. Point me towards Mush. Got some choice words for her.

Arachne: Missing a key word there. Try asking politely.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Remember, the Merchants aren't a big deal like the ABB. The city won't change much if these guys all get arrested or not. Today's just as much about making a statement about our group as it is putting criminals away. It's fine to let them escape if it's more convenient - they'll be just as valuable telling horror stories on the streets about the vigilantes that are actually hunting criminals down as they would be crying in jail.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: We'll head out once you make your move Arachne. Don't fancy taking the rooftops with this many gunmen around.

Arachne: Already started.

I click my tongue. Don't know how much of that message got through to her. It was hard to know what the best angle to take was. I hadn't expected the Merchants - or, Mush - to be so... approachable. I'd assumed I could just manhandle them all, leave them to rot in prison - collect the rest of their challenges at will. Easy win for our reputation. A hit on the distant-third-place criminal gang not too long after crippling the second - we'd have made more of a splash in a month than New Wave had since taking down Marquis.

I was just getting greedy. Seeing the chance for more. Eating my cake while still having it. The reputation of beating - crushing - the Merchants, while keeping them around as a potential force to co-opt for my own uses. The best lie to take with Taylor to that end... I don't know. Maybe I'd just see what happened. Roll with the punches. If they all got packed up today? Whatever. They'd make trash underlings anyway. They made it out? I could work with that too - especially if I made my boundless mercy the cause of their escape without my team realising I'd let them go.

That was the problem with heroism. With my team. Part of my ultimate goal and the prize - being the number one hero - but also a shackle. This would be easier if I never invited them, but that would invite its own questions.

What a pain. I should have planned this better. Thought about the potential outcomes more. I'd do better next time. With the Empire, or maybe Lung. One of the two - my major 'criminal' targets would be quite slim after this.

A distant screaming and a prattle of gunfire draws my attention. A horrified gangster backpedalling wildly as a dark, chittering figure crawls towards him at a disturbing pace - humanoid, but very much not moving like a human.

"The fuck is that?" Shadow Stalker whispers next to me.

"Bug clone." I nod in recognition. "Looks like a person from afar. But its just a bunch of cockroaches, spiders and flying things carrying other bugs flying in a person-shaped pattern." The version in the challenge versions were a bit more realistic and human-like - used for deception, not combat. A swarm was a better tool for killing, so that's what I usually faced in her later challenges.

This? This was a horror movie. The fear was the point.

Sophia watches as a hail of bullets passes through the dark figure harmlessly. "Oh, I see it. Nasty. That's-" She trails off as the chittering horror finally catches up with the man and completely covers him - while barely visible layers of string pluck the gun from his unresisting hands. "-could she do that before?" I shake my head. She nudges me, and I direct my attention towards where she's pointing. Another. Then another. "Does she have a limit?"

A half-dozen shambling swarm-people let loose a synchronised roar into the night, before rushing the hasty barricade that the Merchants had erected down the street - before half of the vehicles start to break away in a hasty retreat, the gangsters on the ground left behind as they find themselves tripped, addled and harassed by a legion of bugs and fliers - the loud and obvious arrival of the swarm-clones only serving to hide the fact that the true threat had already arrived minutes ago.

Looks like Taylor was taking the opportunity to vent any frustrations about that conversation with Sophia on the poor Merchants. They kind of deserved it... but I still felt bad. Bugs always sucked, even if they weren't trying to kill in this case.

"Only in the number of bugs she has to hand." I finally reply. "I guess she spent her time gathering up a fairly sizable batch of bugs to work with - I'd wager that's a scene happening all over the block."

"...that's pretty cool." Sophia reluctantly concedes. "Don't tell her I said that."

"She wouldn't believe me if I did." I hold out my hand as a butterfly dances in front of me - a compass, pointing me towards a target. "Enjoy your scrap with Mush. I'll be honest, I think you'll be surprised if she stops crying long enough to fight you." My shadow state did exactly fuck-all against Mush in her frames. Shadow Stalker could try and shoot her, but honestly, the 'core' was hidden and layered enough to not be an easy hit at the best of times - and Mush moved fast and unpredictably even against me, and I didn't even give her a reason to dodge. If Mush decided to fight seriously, Sophia wouldn't be able to do much other than run and hope for an amazing connection with a containment foam grenade - if she had those with her. Maybe a special arrow? Whatever.

"I don't even want to fight her. I just-" She pauses. "Fine, I do want to fight her. But just to prove a point. It's not about-" She waves a hand at nothing. "Forget it, you wouldn't understand. Just beat the shit out of Squealer. Shouldn't be hard. You think you could steal that tank of hers once you win? We could use a nice method of transportation around the city."

I pull a face. "What would I even do with it? Park it on my drive? I don't think the PRT will let me leave it on the street, and anywhere close to me is just going to be a neon-sign highlighting my real identity."

"Details, details." Sophia concedes the point. "It would have been nice though."

"It would." I sigh. "You've got the idea in my head now. Better hope I get a better version of her powers, or I'll spend the next month sulking that the best thing I can tinker up is a glorified push bike." She snorts at that. "Alright. Think that's enough stalling - the small fry have bigger problems now. Let's go."

Sophia goes right. I follow the twirling butterfly to the left, letting it rest on my hand as I dip into my speed state to cross the distance.

Things had been a bit more chaotic than I'd expected tonight. I'd... maybe gotten a little carried away. Got a little too petty and spiteful over things that I shouldn't. Took a few risks. Got a lot of rewards. But just because I'd won big, didn't mean I couldn't win more. Squealer was the prize - the target - that I was looking for. Our time together had been all-too-brief back in the compound. If I could have stalled for a few more minutes, I'd probably already have the current challenge completed.

But it wasn't just about challenges. It was about real life too. Getting her alone, away from Skidmark - and away from my own teammates - that was everything I could ask for.

And when I look across the street to see the wild movements of a towering behemoth of a vehicle, with armoured slats thicker than my fist and turrets bigger than my head? When I see the convoy of lesser vehicles skidding and sliding around in her wake? When I see the shuddering blasts of flame, water and electricity smashing away the swarm clones getting too close to the terrified batch of Merchants unfortunate enough to not be safely inside a vehicle?

I'd never seen someone so vulnerable. She might as well have wrapped herself up for me.

After a moment's thought, I grab my phone - flicking it on and resting it against a nearby wall, setting it to record in the process.

Nothing wrong with a bit of self-promotion for PHO. Solid footage meant a lot to those who were interested. People like me - or, how I used to be, at least.

I slowly walk towards the behemoth. To my left, my ash clone stirs to life - falling in lockstep with me. To my right, a hidden tentacle snakes past my foot from the ash clone - barely visible even under the streetlights. The knight that forms on my right side isn't as flawless as the one I made against the challenge version of Mush. There wasn't enough metal in the nearest dumpster. It's a humanoid mess of cardboard and plastic as much as it is wood and steel - but the details aren't important for Mush's power. It doesn't have the materials to properly appear to walk like my ash clone and I - but the rhythmic slumping is close enough.

"Cape!" FInally, one Merchant notices my approach. I brace myself for a hail of gunfire, ready to shift from the momentary protection of Glory Girl's forcefield into the shadow state - already selecting the target vehicle I intended to dash towards.

Perhaps, because the regular guns were in such poor shape - and the non-regular ones were somewhat busy with the swarm - no such assault comes. Instead, one Merchant makes my decision for me. He takes his truck, and slams his foot on the pedal in my direction.

Thirty feet. Twenty. Ten. Five. Shadow state. Glory Girl's forcefield to eat the sudden 'acceleration' from landing right in the driver's seat, right in the face of a horrified driver that hadn't thought this far ahead.

"Hi." I whisper. I wrench the steering wheel sharply to the side, without breaking eye contact. I'm already out of there with the shadow state by the time the car careens off the road, flipping onto its side as the driver tries and fails to regain control in time to avoid a crash.

I grin widely towards the remaining vehicles, more of which were now directing their attention at me as the car behind me ignites - a terrified Merchant clambering his way out of it and sprinting away - getting all of a dozen metres before being mobbed by yet another swarm. My ash clone - with Mush's power active - seems to have found a good spot to secure itself, using the 'knight' formed by Mush's power to literally rip the closest barricade to shreds to reinforce itself. The knight was invincible so long as the ash clone stayed alive, and I doubted any of these guys would ever discover that fact.

This is what life is about. This is power. I wasn't a top-tier yet. But all the challenges so far meant something. I didn't need to be afraid of petty gangsters. I could trust my survival instincts. Trust my powers. Trust Taylor, watching over me with a mastery of the battlefield few could match. Trust the fact that I had a version of Squealer's power, and the briefest glance with it active told me that I had little to fear from her 'construct' save for the slow-moving turrets at the top.

Five vehicles, plus the juggernaut and the tinker inside. A dwindling number of Merchants that had no reason to have made it this long into Taylor's onslaught, save to give Squealer a reason to stay in place to defend them. Guns, webbed up - not quite as non-functional as Taylor probably thinks - but spent and incapable of being reloaded at least. Let alone aimed, given Taylor's omnipresence.

I can do this. I will do this. And when every Merchant blocking the way between Squealer and I lies broken at my feet... it will be time to have a long overdue chat with the Tinker of the Merchants.

First things first. I make a beckoning gesture to the next closest car.

"Next."

--

AN: As usual, the next chapter is on Patreon. 41k words on that one. Bit of a monster, even for me - but I wanted that chapter to bring this - rather lengthy - night to a close.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, OmegaKnight and 604 others
Tamzar
Jan 6, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Seven
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Feb 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,543
Everyone on PHO loved to talk about how fights were chaotic and unpredictable. And it was true - how many fights had I lost to trickery, or weapons and new aspects of powers being revealed for the first time? Unexpected obstacles interfering with my best laid plans, crossfire from a different fight - there were plenty of ways to lose that were no fault of any particular lack of preparation or skill.

But on a smaller scale, when all of the cards were down? Fights tended to be simple. Each side only had a few paths to victory. There was a reason I don't lose against normal people anymore - I was immune to grapples and headlocks of all descriptions ever since I first defeated Sophia, so the only way for a regular guy to beat me was with a lethal weapon, or one singular blow that I wasn't ready for. And these days? I just didn't leave the same openings for one lucky punch or elbow to knock me out. Those openings had been beaten out of me, quite literally. And that was before all of my subtle and not-so-subtle powers gave me a way to cheat. There was a good reason I liked keeping powers in reserve that would save me from surprise gunfire, because in challenges - that was the most likely way for me to lose.

My route to victory here was clear. Wipe out the remaining merchants on the ground, find a way to enter Squealer's vehicle without getting a nasty zap in my shadow state - and then meet the Tinker face to face. Considering all the factors putting me at an advantage against the beleaguered, unprepared Merchants - that shouldn't be too difficult to manage. At least, the first part. Getting inside Squealer's vehicle - not so easy. That thing was a tank by any stretch of the name, and the stray sparks and stray wiring trailing across it to each of the weapon platforms left me no illusions that a poorly-considered shadow state might be the end for me. I had options, of course - but I needed time to experiment with them. Time that was uninterrupted by either onlookers or the driver - so, really, the core of my first objective was just to reach the centre of the convoy, without Squealer noticing, and without it being extremely obvious to everyone else that I was targeting Squealer specifically. If she got a clue and just decided to drive off, my chance was probably just gone - especially if she made a beeline to rescue and evacuate Skidmark. Very plausible. Too plausible. Actually, more likely to happen than me simply losing this fight. Take that into consideration, Greg.

Fortunately, Taylor was doing a good job of selling the idea that Squealer was doing something valuable with every second she spent here - an impression I was keen to encourage. Presenting another 'Cape' for her to handle via my ash clone and the puppet only made more space in the battlefield for me to carve a path towards her through her blindspots. And then? Crack it open, enjoy the reward inside. A simple challenge and done. I don't expect her to pose much of a struggle on her own.

...but that kind of thinking had me losing challenges to Skidmark, of all people. For all that today had already been a great haul - it could have been better. Should have been better, maybe. Or, maybe not. Skidmark's current cooldown timer was maybe a bit too long for me to get in the repetitions I would need to overcome his preparation - even my moderate success at barging through the front door stripped away a few too many of the melee-focused powers that I needed to overcome his regular power and the backhand of death he had access to. It was hard to imagine that I would have had much more success with only another attempt or two.

But it would have felt better, at least. Getting in attempts against walls like Skidmark and Mush were worthwhile failures. It was the lazy, slow start - the failure to consider the worst possibility - that had earned me my first loss to Skidmark, and paused my efforts against Squealer's current challenge that I was absolutely sure that I could beat. It wasn't a lack of skill. Neither of those challenges were beyond my means. I didn't have a single reason not to immediately close the gap against Skidmark's first challenge - even if I thought he was a normie at the time, I didn't have any ranged attacks. Rushing in and overwhelming the target would always be the correct play. I hadn't respected the CONT modifier against Squealer, and what she might do after I had... not cheated, but perhaps, not joined her in a fair race.

I didn't have a redo in real life. No failure screen waiting for me here. I fuck up like that, I'll just die. And that had a way of sharpening the mind.

But, in the same way - this wasn't like the simulations. The world wasn't twisting itself to present an unfeasible challenge to me, presenting me with a unified, cool-headed and well-prepared enemy. Quite the opposite - this was weighted in my favour, because even if Taylor wasn't exactly looking - simply having her within range was a cheat code all on its own. Squealer's turrets and toys were distracted with repelling Taylor's swarm, the only effective repellent against a seemingly-endless wave of chittering, buzzing clones. The gun-wielding goons were more of a danger to each other than me with their weapons - for once - as useless in their hands as they usually would usually be in mine. The creeping darkness as bugs moved to cover every streetlight, headlight and hastily-pointed flashlight was an asset to me - concealing the dark colours of my ash clone in the shadows and enabling me to dash from one car to the next, bludgeoning the drivers and leaving before they even registered I was approaching.

I feel strong. Invincible. A heady feeling that I actively push down on, forcibly conjuring up memories of my more ignominious defeats - the sudden turns in fortune that a hidden weapon or surprise attack could invite - but this feeling of dancing through shadows around a confused and disoriented enemy... I feel like I understand Sophia a little better, like this.

Maybe that sounds like something I should be experiencing with her power constantly - but, no. Not only did I have a distraction and a serious threat in the ever-present swarms swelling up into humanoid figures in the street - but it was also dark. And for all that my challenges and patrols took place in a variety of environments and times, visibility was rarely bad. Whether it was indoors, or the sun had yet to fully set, or my foes and targets gathered themselves under some streetlight or glowing sign - I rarely had an opportunity like this, where a few quick sidesteps out of the headlights of the trucks would make me as invisible as any power until I entered the cone of the handheld flashlights or one of the trucks spun back around to face me to try and hit me again - or at least to try and direct gunfire my way.

But none of the drivers seemed that motivated anymore. Perhaps because now that I had already closed the distance there was no longer a reason for Taylor to favour distraction over takedowns - the humanoid swarms start to collapse in on themselves and simply surge forward as a chittering tide - but even that is still theatre, because she had insects in position around their feet before the first shot had even been fired. Two, three, four Merchants break ranks and split off from the convoy. A pair of trucks split away from Squealer's formation along with them, one veering off the road and slamming into a wall as the panicked drivers discover that their vehicles aren't anywhere near as airtight as Squealer's.

The next truck I phase into has a driver that almost looks grateful to be bludgeoned into unconsciousness rather than dealing with the mass of chitin creeping across his face and crawling underneath his collar. The second truck in line seems to have benefitted from having their windows shut, but a quick punch to shatter the window on the way past is enough to let the swarm in - just because I didn't want to use a shadow state charge until the next one came back up. I slip into the shadows again as the headlights wink out, considering the 'fight' as it continues. There's still a certain jankiness to the movements of the swarm. Not quite as coldly practiced as I'd faced in my challenges. One Merchant seems practically paralysed with fear in the passenger seat as his driver gets overran, with him being entirely untouched until an errant flier bumps into him - then the swarm promptly splits in two and jumps on him as well. An imperfect search pattern, imperfect area awareness - proving that it was still possible to avoid her if you had the fortune to simply not have any bugs on you.

Not that such a thing was easy, when a massive swarm was surging through the air like this.

But it was an indication that she couldn't see through her bugs yet. Yet. I knew it was possible - and that would eventually cause problems for my secret-keeping tendencies... but not today. I was still happy to see how adeptly she'd taken my 'ideas' and incorporated them so extensively into her fighting style - happy for all kinds of reasons. Happy that one of my 'team' was finding such success, which boosted my own threat and reputation. Happy for Taylor personally, with all of her confidence issues a showing like this was bound to help out. Happy for my own ego, knowing that Taylor would forevermore need to attribute her boost in Master rating - and her ability to be more than a flood of pesky bugs - to me and my influence. Happy that, when all was said and done, perhaps the strongest Master in the Bay was already mine - a key marker of progress in my quest to seize the reins of power in the Bay.

The only thing to be unhappy about was that I hadn't been able to steal anywhere near the level of that power that I would expect from the challenges I had cleared. Sure, most powers had restrictions - but I couldn't even send a small swarm at someone, let alone use anything like she did. Yes, the Administrator power was probably still more of a net benefit than simply widening the reach of the original, pathetic, bug control power - but I couldn't pretend that I wasn't a little bit irate at the difficulties I was having claiming the rest of Taylor's power for my own. I usually didn't think about it much, but maybe recent losses were making it sting a bit more. Maybe my ego just found it easier to appreciate other people having good powers when I could confidently say that I could replicate sixty-percent of what they could do already. Shadow Stalker, for example. Taylor? Not even close.

I half-trip over a fallen Merchant, his unconscious body practically hidden in the shadows I was hiding in - I send a mean-spirited kick to his face, just for good measure. Wasn't like I could make them any uglier, and I didn't really want to waste my attention on the small fry anymore. For me, it was always about moving through the edge of the convoy and getting closer to its beating heart. Let the bugs, my ash clone and the formidable knight of twisted metal it was controlling draw any remaining eyes - I just needed to be close enough to Squealer before she decided to cut her losses and run.

Most likely, that would be soon. Now that Taylor had stopped sandbagging, the impact of the Tinkertech weaponry was no longer as notable. The harder-hitting cannon wasn't doing much to the knight either - save for the fact that materiel was being blasted entirely clear of its grasp, forcing it into a continuous cycle of tearing up new armour from disabled trucks while bullets and more cannonfire ineffectually attempts to disable it fully. My ash clone itself had taken the executive decision to cower under a car to save itself from being dispersed by accidental crossfire - and the tendril of power linking the latter to the 'feet' of the former had gone unnoticed so far in the poor vision and chaos of the battlefield.

...there is an argument that I should show restraint with that 'trick'. Challenges were one thing. Real life was another. The moment someone on PHO realised that the 'invincible' clone-knight was controlled entirely by the fragile, one-hit wonder that the ash clone was - I'd have people looking for that trick every time. Even now, the only reason my ash clone was still surviving in its current position was because heat and shocks weren't really enough to dispel it unless they came with a significant physical component - but even one unlucky bullet bounce would dispel it now, and keep it gone for quite a while considering the length of time it had been active. If one person noticed and took a shot, the secret would be all over PHO in a week even if they were arrested - and I wasn't going to kill them in real life just to keep a lid on something so minor.

Of course, there was an equal argument that - given the nature of my powers - I'd find just as much luck protecting myself by drowning such weaknesses via sheer quantity - security through obscurity. Having so many powers, so many combinations, that people are just unable to adequately learn, guess and train against them all. I didn't need much from a challenge to completely transform that power relationship into something entirely different - if my administrator-gifted powers no longer scaled down in potency when I selected a bug, or if Blessing could target my own clones to grant durability, if I could create more than one ash clone, or stack a defensive power on top of the ash clone itself. A mover rating like the rest of Oni Lee's powerset, some other form of Master power that worked with Administrator just as well as this one - giving me yet another angle of approach that nobody expects. Enough strength on the tentacle to burrow it through the ground and hide the ash clone that way. There were so many ways that the most logical 'next-steps' from my power benefited me, it almost felt silly trying to long-term conceal the existence of such a flawed interaction with so much room to evolve. If someone saw this and developed a countermeasure, maybe that was even good - it probably wouldn't work by the time they get the chance to try it.

I hunker down next to a truck, the driver having long-since fled towards the defensive semi-circle that the remaining Merchants were cowering in. I could, easily, break that line myself - but that wasn't the ultimate aim. Now that I was within spitting distance of Squealer, I could leave that part to Taylor and my clones. I needed to get myself attached to Squealer and her vehicle before she decided to cut her losses.

I activate her Tinker power. Of course, there was nothing that I could really make with it here and now - but it was good for understanding schematics. Not a full breakdown, but glaring hard at the front section of her truck and setting the power to think of ideas - when you get three ideas back that all involve a hidden trapdoor leading into the heart of the giant vehicle, it's pretty easy to notice that there might be a running theme with the materials I was providing.

The huddle of Merchants behind me starts to break apart under the slow advance of my knight. Good distraction. Keep distracting. A little slower, maybe. Squealer was only here because she was still able to 'help' those Merchants. Winning too quickly was a problem all on its own.

I quietly take a step out of cover and towards the target vehicle, stepping in an arc away from her likely cone of vision - assuming she was firing the weapons directly. A few seconds later, my hand is touching the closest wheel of Squealer's vehicle - and I gain a new appreciation for the size of it all. PHO joked about a Monster Truck specialisation - and it was easy to see why. I could barely stretch to reach the top of the rim, let alone find a neat way to propel myself up into the heart of the vehicle without clambering up the side first. I pause for long enough to allow Squealer a moment to react - but despite a slight revving of the engine, not a single turret even blinks in my direction. Undetected. Just as I had hoped. She just wasn't that kind of Tinker. Not the type to trust in some fancy software doing things for her. She wants to rev the engine. She wants to control the wheel. And certainly, she wants to fire the guns. So if she doesn't notice me, I'm home free.

Now, phasing through the armour would be a mistake with all of those cables around. But the 'trapdoor' that I had noted earlier didn't seem electrical in nature. So, with the combination of a foothold from Clockblocker, Vista and a healthy glide from Shadow Stalker-

-I take my first step onto the roof of the vehicle for the first time. I wince as the material of the roof gives a little more than I had expected from how sturdy the construction looked, freezing for just a moment to see if Squealer noticed the sound.

She does. The engine starts screaming, and its all I can do to throw myself at the nearest turret to hold on for dear life as Squealer sets out to prove that bulk was no obstacle to acceleration. She ducks and weaves through the streets, drifting around a corner and setting herself into a wild spin - leaving the collection of despairing Merchants behind as she does her best to dislodge me from my perch.

Fuck. Gave the game away a little too early. I'd wanted the opportunity to slowly probe the 'entrance' I'd found first with the shadow state before needing to commit, and now I couldn't really do that. My handhold was poor, and it was only a matter of time before she either succeeded in knocking me off, or realised that she it was just as viable to take over the weapons and start trying to blast me off instead. That meant I either needed to get inside now, or stop the vehicle now. Throw myself down the entryway blind, or drag the car from a roaring pace to complete stillness in a fraction of a second by having it crash into a clockblocked object.

Without knowing the situation inside, that second option could kill her. Did she even have a seatbelt? Would this thing explode if disabled? Where was she even sitting within the vehicle? I'd guessed it was the bulging area near the front that seemed to be a natural position for a driver - but that was all guesswork. Nothing internal was visible from the outside.

Why didn't I use the second charge of my shadow state to muffle my landing? No, I knew why. I just wanted to conserve my defensive options. I would have done it in a challenge to maximise the odds of success, but the threat of real life was getting to me. Only, my caution had put me in a worse position now. The smartest decision was probably to back off, look for another chance the next time she stopped. But, what were the odds of that? We've long since tipped our hand at this point - even the Merchants would have to realise that the smartest thing to do was scatter. This is what they did best - PHO was full of Squealer's escape clips for this exact reason.

If I let her go, the evening was over. No more challenges tonight. The reward vault at the end of the dungeon left unopened. Worst case, the whole thing might fizzle out before they even get around to sending a hero to investigate the ruckus.

Not a chance. Not a chance.

Think about it. The worst-case scenario of throwing myself into the entrance blindly - I find myself surrounded by some sketchy generator and a few hundred cables, with a gun pointing at me. That's the absolute worst case. A scenario so unlucky, so rigged, that it could have been drafted up by my power directly.

Squealer still wouldn't kill me. Not in that scenario, where I was essentially a sitting duck. Skidmark might. Maybe. Especially if he realised the odds of two blond assholes opposing him in the span of thirty minutes were incredibly low - but Squealer wouldn't. Because this was real life. And in many ways, that made it more of a game than ever before. I didn't have the reputation for brutality and lethality in real life and none of the Merchants really knew me. I was a pesky do-gooder who got too nosy, and they're a background gang too unimportant for the other gangs to stamp down on - and if Squealer gets a choice, she'll want to keep it that way.

You don't get to stay under the radar if you get the blood of the blue team on your hands. And she wasn't the leader. Even if she was inclined to hurt me, it wasn't her decision to make.

And in every other scenario? All of the likely scenarios? That entrance is no different to phasing through the sunroof of a mobile home. I get inside, it's a wide-open room or some kind of seating area with a bunch of Tinkery-looking levers to pull. The exact kind of situation where I would hold all the advantages in a confrontation.

Come on, Greg. Tonight's your night.

I hurl myself into the hidden panel I'd identified earlier as the secret entrance. Maybe if this was more obvious, I'd be worried about some form of trap protecting it - but it had clearly been deliberately hidden in a design without any other inkling of subtlety to be found anywhere. I'd been picturing it for minutes now and I still couldn't fully grasp the exact motions and movements required to even make the latch visible to the naked eye - but I didn't need to see it to phase through it. Exactly like a manhole cover, no need for a special tool or unlock method - if it's there, I can simply phase into the hole just past it without any of the fuss.

"Hah! You thought I was driving from the front? You and every other idiot!" The shrill, mocking tone emanates from the back of the large open area I find myself in. "You have any idea the number of times every Blaster in the Bay tries to take out the part of the truck where the driver is 'obviously' sitting? Anyone would start taking precautions, the way people in the Bay seem to act like I have a Brute rating to work with." I turn to face the source of the voice. An extremely smug-looking Squealer, half-swiveled around in her chair - one hand holding an extended steering wheel, the right leg keeping a pedal pressed to the floor as the streets zip by outside the window behind her.

And between us, layers upon layers of glass-like walls, coupled with no shortage of weaponry.

"Finally." A warm, wet feeling emerges with my breathy exclamation. A slight choke in my voice.

Squealer pauses. "Uh, buddy? For a guy picking a fight with the Merchants out of nowhere, you really sound like you're about to start crying right now. Don't- don't make this weird. I just want to slam you into a few walls and leave you in a crater choking on my dust, it doesn't have to be anything more than that. If you're that scared about facing me, I guess you could- you could surrender? If you really have to?"

She doesn't recognise me at all. And she's surprisingly chill about facing an enemy Cape.

"I'm not crying. I'm just happy. Happy that I took a gamble, and things finally went my way for once." I grin. "When it seems like the world is rigged against you for so long, you kind of forget how life is for normal people. You win some, you lose some. You get lucky sometimes without doing anything to force it."

"..." She stares at me. "Motherfucker. You're looking down on me right now, aren't you?" She snaps. "And here I was, acting all nice for the new kids on the block that doesn't get how things work - but you really think you're such hot shit that you can start bragging and planning your victory speech just because you got to meet me face-to-face? You think the Tinker isn't going to be able to do a thing from this position? Bitch, I will destroy you-"

I chuckle softly to interrupt her. I couldn't say she was entirely wrong. I was extremely happy to be facing her right now. I did think I was greatly favoured in this confrontation. But, above all, I was happy because for all the defences installed in this thing sitting between me and her - not a single one of them actually blocked line of sight. There were almost no Capes in the Bay with powers that really worked with line of sight, save for Oni Lee - why would you need countermeasures for something like that? "Challenge." I whisper.

This time, I don't hesitate to run. Vista into Shadow Stalker into Velocity, a tried-and-tested combo that is quite simply my best 'get out of here now' option from any given position. It's even possible to start the transformation into the speed state mid-air, relying on the rapid bleed-off of my mass to protect me from any serious damage while 'skipping' a fair amount of the time usually spent paralysed while my body maintained momentum through the air.

Damn, now that I think about it - I could incorporate my version of Skidmark's power into the trick somewhere. The effect on myself at low-mass must be significant, maybe I could even completely avoid appearing frozen at all with that pushing me constantly. Although, if I just tried it without practice and preparation - I'd most likely just end up with his power grinding circles into the concrete with my face for a few seconds. That would have been overkill for this. Squealer hadn't been all that fast at charging through the wall, and while she was probably looking to cut out the small-talk this time - it was probably a safe bet that she didn't start the challenge inside her tank. She had to run in, turn it on, steer it towards my side of the building and then-

The ground shakes behind me as the speed-state kicks in and I leave the scene in a mad dash. That.

Admittedly, there is a part of me left with the feeling that approaching this challenge honestly might have been more enjoyable. An honest race, an honest Tinker-off against the vehicle Tinker? It sounds fun. I didn't regret my delays with Shadow Stalker - but I also had reasons for going into that arrangement. The easy access I had to Sophia every day, the inability to progress normally anyway, my lacking hand-to-hand skills - none of which applied here. Yes, I could probably get some good advice on Tinkering - but was I really willing to forego simply getting a better power, and a better connection to Squealer, for some slim potential like that? If things didn't go in the direction I hoped today, there were good odds that I didn't see Squealer again until I was the strongest Cape in the Bay doing a tour of victory to pick up the forgotten scraps. This wasn't the time to play it slow, or worry about the 'feelings' the simulations were emulating.

Now was the time to win. To get strong.

So, sorry Squealer. That fair challenge you were looking for, it's not happening today - not that you seemed in any kind of mood to believe me last time around.

But I know you'll be looking for my tricks from last round this time. So you'll be facing a Tinker now - just the way I'd intended to face you before you so rudely interrupted me before. I wasn't going to be able to make a vehicle that could match up, but I had faith in my one, good design: The Mecha-Blade from Leet.

No, that wasn't right. Leet didn't make this. I made this. Sure, I'd started with his - with her - design, but... it was a giant fuck-off sword with an unnatural edge and a mechanism to swing it hard. I was hardly stealing the most innovative of ideas in the first place - and after I'd changed it from a weapon attached to a mech into something closer to an exoframe with a blade attached? Yeah. Not Leet's design anymore. This was mine. Copyright holds no power here anyway.

Well. Maybe my power didn't entirely agree that it was different - because the failure chances of the original were still there, and now there was an additional chance to... I inspect the design in my mind's eye again. Right. Part of the support frame could come unhook from the arm after the weapon makes contact with a target. Very low chance, not actually that impactful in regular use. Something that could compound into problems in a potential future version, but I was pretty happy that I'd gotten lucky on the 'new' failure point for this version.

And it was just a failure chance. As much as I'd bolstered Leet's mood with the talk of 'critical hits' - the same didn't fully apply to me. Or, it did - but only if I was a real Tinker that put enough effort in. I hadn't done a good enough job with the design for that. In a perfect world with infinite time, Leet's tech should only ever have one flaw - the latest 'quirk' of the most recent version. Every 'quirk' before that should be accounted for by the modifications that went into the next prototype. The simple mechablade had the 'critical hit' where it rapidly reversed the direction of the attack at an absurd speed - in the larger mech, that threatened to rip the entire thing apart and Leet had changed it into a remotely-piloted thing for safety reasons. The flaw was still there, it was just a 'special move' now that it didn't kill the pilot. That modification to the wider mech created a new flaw, and the entire thing became a race of failure conditions and patch-jobs fighting over what gave up first.

Problem: My exoframe - and I felt like a bit of a fraud even calling the loose collection of supports designed to go over my upper body something as sci-fi sounding as that - wasn't really good enough to handle that initial flaw in the way Leet and I did in our brief 'collaboration'. If I could control the momentum somehow, or get the thing away from my body when it fires... well. There's a dozen different ideas that could probably fix it. But, no - none that I'd been able to incorporate so far within the limitations I already had. Materials. Time. Skill. The space of the box I could 'paste' the design into - a real liability when so much of it was occupied by a massive slab of absurdly-sharp metal, even if did fold down somewhat. I wasn't arrogant enough to compare myself to the Tinkering greats just because I could print a design fast when needed. Leet could do better. Armsmaster could have done better. Hell, Squealer could probably do it too.

But, dammit - I'd built something that worked, I think. In theory. Shrunken down for my needs, but admittedly, still with the old flaws - which were now more of a problem than before.

Essentially, I had the same issue as the original mech had, except instead of the mech being twisted in half by the forces involved in the 'special move' it would now be my spine. There were probably ways to fix it, but really, it's something that I'd want to fix together with the new flaw that I'd introduced by making a second version. That part of the frame unclipping itself wasn't a serious problem, I was pretty fortunate for that. It wouldn't kill me if it happened, just slow me down while I re-secured it if I needed to keep swinging at a certain point. Trying to puzzle out the intended positives of the new quirk was a more interesting exercise - perhaps some kind of deliberate detachment could be implemented in the next version? Throwing the weapon in some way? Whatever. Leet's tech got by with dozens of similar micro-issues that went unaddressed, I'd have to do the same here.

I wasn't all that bothered. The original issue was the only one of note. Leet's design was mostly hydraulic-based save for the control panel, so my plan for an unexpected failure was simply going to be to use the Shadow State before the upper half of my body is separated from the lower half. I'd drop the weapon in the process, but most likely anything in a large circle around me would be in ruins. And if Squealer's vehicle was gone? I was going to win.

Well. I was getting a little ahead of myself. Because the workshop with all of my materials in? That wasn't an option for me right now. I wasn't sure if Squealer was just going to stay there in the tank and ensure I didn't return, or if she'd just started to loot my side of materials, or maybe even just returned to Tinkering on her own vehicle as if nothing happened - whatever her choice, she hadn't burst through the side of the building trying to find or chase after me. Which was good, in a way. Also, bad now that I think of it. Having the opportunity to ambush her as she drove around and completely take her out of the race again would have been amazing for me, and I would be able to preserve the secret about the fact that I could actually pick a fight with her vehicle without tricking her into driving around a corner too fast or into time-locked razorwire.

Nothing for it. My workshop may be gone, but there's an entire city full of resources here. There may be no people, but that didn't mean that the interior of all these buildings would be empty. There were computers to rip apart, tools to repurpose, pipes to stack up - certainly easier if I had the power tools that were right there where I started... but that was life. My amateurish attempts at Tinkering with the design are actually a boon here - because all of the materials I opted for were commonplace. I'm sure a stronger Tinker would have pencilled in some obscure alloy to reinforce the joints and maximise power and durability and that would have screwed the required material before my design would let me 'paste', but my simpler work could be satisfied with just ripping apart junk.

I had an hour. That should be plenty.

Just under fifty minutes later, I realise that the annoying part was never about finding the parts. It was about organising them.

My ability to 'paste' a design required all of the required resources to be within a certain invisible 'box' in the air that my power worked with. That had been great when Leet's blade was just hanging in the air at a perfect angle for me to experiment with, but when everything I wanted was laid out on the floor and needed neatly stacking - things became slow. Pipes? No good. They only stack most effectively when cut in half and then stacked like that. Get going, ash clone. Metal? I can't form a large enough pile with all of these scattered, irregular tools and retrieved junk. Knight, smash it together, fold them, twist them together in knots... whatever. Just get something that won't fall over as I stack the rest of this crap on top. The minor requirements of the control panel and wiring is largely handled by tossing some loose motherboards and other ripped-out internals from other devices.

"Belts." I toss the required leather into the pile, at least they could just sit at the bottom- no wait, they help tie the metal together. Getting this pile of nuts and bolts to be tall enough was the problem. The area was largely correct, it just needed to be half as wide and twice as tall - without any extra obstructions that would prevent the final result from forming.

Yes, I did try a cardboard box first. No, it didn't work. Maybe if two or three sides were left open-ended so the final result wasn't obstructed? No. No time to experiment. Just tie it together. I hold my hand out as the knight holds what looks like a giant ball of smushed metal within my target area. The rest of the equipment is being held in place by the ash clone, some precarious-looking stacks needed to be nudged periodically to be prevent them from falling over.

I frown at the rejection from my power. "Knight, you've gathered too much iron to yourself. Release more into the pile." Addressing the knight directly, even though it was actually the ash clone that controlled it - and past that, my administrator power that controlled the ash clone - might seem a little strange, but somehow it felt more natural, at least when I wasn't actively puppeting the ash clone directly. Plus, it's probably a good habit to treat them as separate entities - better for any nosy enemies to have a chance at not realising their connection.

...fine, it just sounded cool to refer to someone in my team as Knight. This wouldn't have been a problem if my team let me choose names. I was the Void Cowboy. We had a Metal Knight. My ash clone could borrow Oni Lee's vibe and be Ash Ninja. I could have picked something cool for Taylor too, and then she completely broke the theme for no reason. Not that I was surprised, whether it was naming sense or fashion - nobody was really going to Taylor for advice, to say the least.

Bug Ranger. Insect Master. Swarm Overlord. Chitin Outcast. Ah, it was just so frustrating! And then the team name-!

My musings are cut short. My Tinker power lights up as my knight practically discards its entire upper body save for the tendril holding the metal clump in place - removing any delusions that this power was centred around a humanoid figure. The newly-added metal is already threatening to roll off of the glorified pyramid-slash-dumpsite that we've formed, so there's no time to hesitate before the moment is lost.

Activate.

Just like that, the completed design settles into the floor with a thud, scattering a few small bits of material that hadn't been used up in the transformation.

"Look at that." I whisper reverently. I heft the 'arm' the blade was attached to. Okay. Heavy. Obviously. Don't just try and lift it right off the bat - get the frame on, balance the weight first. Then lift. The sword isn't supposed to be swung around by a regular dude - even this smaller version is meant for a brute. I'm not really one of those yet, but with this exoframe... I can pretend that I am for a few specific motions.

I have my ash clone help me equip it. I didn't design it to be easy to put on - I guess I'd just assumed that the frame would be quick and simple, then I'd pick up the blade. Only, I'd lost sight of the fact that the two were very much attached and inseparable. Hence, awkward session of unfolding and shuffling into a frame heavily weighted towards one side.

But I get it on in the end. A shake and a click has the blade extend, unfolding to its complete form - a size that felt absurd when wielded by me, though still a pale shadow compared to the original mechablade. The choice to have it extend like this was terrible for the durability of the weapon, but compromises were needed. The box was only so large and I had plenty more to fit in it this time than just the weapon.

Final checks. Balance? Decent. Honestly, not too different from holding a moderately heavy dumbbell in one hand with the other free. The hissing of the frame around me told me that it wasn't actually that simple, and that all I needed to do was swing a few many times or wait a little bit too long for my all-too-small power source to run out and I'd find out exactly how heavy this thing was.

It's fine. I'd left it this late into the timer for more than one reason. I didn't even have a way to refuel this thing. I hadn't needed to think of one. It was born into this world with enough juice to last a few minutes, and if I missed my shot - there'd be no second chance anyway. I had no way of catching up with Squealer.

I frown at my ash clone as I make my way to the start of the track. It had been active for too long. Far too long. Even if I dismissed it now, it wouldn't be able to reappear for nearly two hours. Which meant that I needed to keep it alive if I wanted to use it.

Which I did. Because even if I had a weapon, that didn't mean I had great ways to reach her. I figure Squealer isn't likely to accept a one-on-one clash against my obviously-dangerous weapon even if I just stand ahead of her in the road - and after last round, she'll certainly have spent the time tinkering up a solution to counter my abuse of Clockblocker's powers. Diving from a rooftop onto her car with Vista's power was as likely to end in embarrassment as not, and I'd need the Shadow State to land safely anyway - and this frame was way too big to count as 'me' to that power. It would clatter to the floor uselessly before I reform.

Need to get close, and stay close, to Squealer - without her just driving away and leaving me in the dust. Needed enough time to take a few clean swings at her. Needed for her to not shoot me before I even start to approach.

Well. How about refuge in audacity? My knight grows in size as we walk, random debris, trash and discarded cars being looted for the best material as we pass - and before long - I've got an entirely different view of the street. We'd raided plenty of buildings and dumpsters to get to this point, and there was already debris all over the road. It was great for Mush's power. The only downside, was that with the size - came the price. Safety. Of my ash clone, specifically. My usual usage had my ash clone hiding away, a large part of the tentacle of Mush's power spent on traversing the distance to where the knight would be formed. Now, I needed that tentacle to hold, gather and move material. I needed a giant. And that meant that the ash clone had to sit up here on the left 'shoulder' with me. One stray bullet or collision, and the entire thing would be gone - but the same was true for me, right?

Still. It wouldn't be enough. Maybe the real Mush could have used this as a vehicle - she could be fast when she wanted to be. This one, not so much. The tentacle was too short, and therefore too basic, incapable of the more complex movements needed to build and maintain speed. At this size, even the limbs were barely functional compared to normal - just an oversized clump of metal and debris roughly held together. This heavy walking pace was about as much as it could do at this size, moving as much material around as it is. The smaller knight is better for that, where the tentacle can double-over itself and fill out the limbs better - but, alas. Maybe when I get the next version of Mush's power. Not this time though. It wouldn't work here. Didn't need to work here.

No, my gamble here-

"What the fuck do you call that?" Squealer's loud objection carries across the street.

-was that even if Squealer was willing to shoot me with sixty minutes on the clock, that the racer-brained menace wouldn't even dream of doing the same with only a few seconds left before the race begins. I mean, I could be wrong - in which case I was ready to put the plan in action a little early, I just wanted to be closer if possible. Under the guise of lining up obediently on the starting line.

"I call this 'slightly better junk than whatever Squealer is driving'." I yell down at her. "Still working on the title, what do you think?"

"You fucking bitch! What the fuck do you think that walking pile of garbage is going to do against the best racer in the Bay?" She's actually poked her head out from her vehicle to yell at me. If I had a ranged attack...

"Beat you, obviously. Figure even a kid could work that out, why do you think I'm here at the start line? Because I think I'm slower?" I drawl, making sure that my weapon and frame is hidden behind the giant and out of her line of sight. "Is that the great mind of the legendary Tinker at work? Honestly, I don't know why you were even upset before. If you design sucks so much that it loses just by crashing into something, why do you think I'd even bother building an actual vehicle to beat you with?"

"Oh, it's on motherfucker. Don't start crying when I start lapping you just to prove the point!" Squealer ducks back inside her vehicle, revving it loudly while we both wait for the countdown. Her voice blares out over some kind of loudspeaker. "I hope you're ready for a taste of your own medicine. I'll tear that thing to pieces before you even reach the first corner. Cheating up to this point must have given you some kind of ego, because you clearly don't know who the hell you're talking to!"

The weapon systems point towards the giant, but don't fire. Tick. Tock. Twenty seconds. Fifteen. No movement to fire. I release a breath I didn't realise I was holding.

Got her.

I almost feel bad, abusing her personality like this. Clearly, she wants to race. And while she's clearly accepted that this is more of one of those roman chariot races in the movies than sedate modern-day racing, she's reserving that violent energy for the actual start of the race.

Maybe its a point of pride. Where its easy to kill me with an hour left on the clock, but killing me just before the starting gun would mean losing as a racer? I can admire that sense of fair-play in a person, but it's a liability in these challenges. The focus on beating me in a race - rather than by any means possible - is as much of a weakness here as another challenge placing me against someone missing a leg. She could have guarded the start line, gunning me down if I tried to approach and then used her headstart to avoid any potential ambushes I had laid out - that was the objectively correct move. That was the move she would make under the LUST modifier. But here? It was the REAL modifier at work. Just as that modifier was responsible for her murdering me initially after seeing my previous moves via the CONT modifier - which was a rare break from the usual NPC scenarios - here, it was closer to a liability.

Five. Four. Three. Tires squeal in anticipation. The horn of her modified truck-turned-tank bellows across the street.

Two. My knight kneels, and both my ash clone and I clutch tightly to the nearest surface we can grasp. One.

Zero.

The sound of laser fire hitting my knight is our starting gun. The knight surges forward, drifting its angle towards Squealer as her engine roars into life. One step, two step - and then, as Squealer starts to pull away, it falls.

Or rather, it lunges. The oversized lump of metal, wood and stone vaguely shaped into an arm stretches out, and then literally stretches again - the body of my knight violently reforming to provide extra reach at the expense of the rest of its form. It clamps onto the top of Squealer's tank before it can escape. Against a lesser vehicle, that might have been the end of it. I'd seen the brute-force the smaller knight could bring to bear, surely the giant one would be able to do even better? Perhaps, if the target was willing to stay still and allow it to wind up for a hammer blow of raw mass. Not the case. Squealer's truck keeps moving. No, if anything, it goes faster - despite finding itself unwillingly towing a trash-man that had been level with a few rooftops just a moment or two ago.

A beast of a motor vehicle. I'd expected that. It was all my knight could do to merely cling on at the increasing speeds, even before Squealer started attempting to shake it by weaving left and right. My ash clone steadies me as I lose my grip. Dangerous. Got to stay on. There's no plan B here. The knight can't move, and just like Mush's original power - attrition is a factor. Having the entire length of its body dragged along the street at these speeds, the knight can't help but lose its acquired mass with every bump and scrape. Soon, it won't have any choice but to start contracting to maintain its integrity - and I don't doubt that Squealer will make her escape once the unexpected 'brakes' stop working.

That's fine. I couldn't ask for anything more from the knight. Things could have gone a little better, if I could have inched a bit closer without drawing suspicion - maybe I could have tested the raw power of the knight better. Actually breaking into the shell might be impossible, but flipping the tank? Maybe. But things could also have gone a lot worse. This was a pretty average result, if I had to be honest for a moment. All I really needed was for it to remain latched on. And it had done even better than that, the limb latching on to the roof had neatly squashed the weapons array that had been futilely blasting the lower 'limbs' of the knight.

God, I love the little 'secrets' of my power. The unintuitive ones, that enemies trip over when seeing them for the first time. The way my ash clone reforms faster the less time its been alive, meaning you could waste time every other second facing the ever reforming pest. The way my knight was essentially just an invincible projection, tanking up damage and leading people to think that I simply had two clone powers to deal with. The way the Echo left no trace of its existence until it was released, assuring a free hit against a charging opponent. The way that the slightest use of Vista's power was enough to throw off every melee combatants sense of a 'safe' distance from my blows. Maybe it was petty, but it felt nice getting 'cheap' wins over my enemies like that - after all, the same often happened in reverse with how these scenarios usually play out.

But I'm getting distracted. It's showtime. My ash clone and I need to finish clambering across the rapidly dissolving 'bridge' onto Squealer's vehicle before she realises exactly what's happening. I'm pretty sure she doesn't have the vision in there to see me from this angle - no obvious mirrors or cameras, certainly - otherwise she might realise that she could probably win this right away by slamming on the brakes and sending me flying.

But she can't see me clambering around up top. Most likely? She didn't see me on the shoulder at all and thinks I'm in the knight. Actually, she probably recognises Mush's power and that's why she tried shooting centre-mass - trying to hit the 'me' piloting it from inside.

I settle onto the roof as she hurtles around the corner, my knight shifting its grip to secure me before being inelegantly smashed into the building. Deliberate, of course - Squealer really didn't appreciate the literal hanger-on.

Didn't shake me though. Nice. Fucking. Try.

Point blade up. Activate vertical slash.

Metal screeches in protest as I bite into the outer casing of the tank. I grimace as some kind of foam immediately surges out to attempt to fill the gash that I had made. Didn't matter. Retrieve blade. Point right. Horizontal slash.

Another corner. This time, I'm ready - but my knight is too depleted, its grip finally completely lost as it is completely dislodged by the next building it slams into. My ash clone dismisses the connection to the power rather than risk being dispersed by the sheer force of being yanked back via the connecting tentacle. I can hear the whoop of joy and excitement from inside.

Which means she really hasn't twigged that I'm up here. Too distracted, perhaps. Or maybe the absolute cacophony of screeching metal along the streets has deafened her as much as me. Either way, good fortune for me.

Horizontal slash. Horizontal slash. Vertical slash. Whatever the goop is, there clearly isn't enough of it. An entire section of the roof clatters down, drawing the attention of Squealer - who spins around in her seat to gape at my face appearing through the hole in the roof.

"Mind if I catch a ride?" I cheer. Vertical slash. The hole is big enough to jump through now.

I jump down, immediately regretting it as my exoframe screams in protest - one pipe erupting and starting to dribble fluid down the length of the blade. Whoops. Almost forgot that my weight isn't quite normal right now. Don't do that again.

Squealer snarls hand reaching out to something at her side. "Get the fuck out of my truck-!" Pistol? Vista's power surges to life. Vertical slash.

I grimace at the wordless scream as Squealer grasps at the bleeding stump of her hand. Vertical slash. Horizontal slash. I carve the important-looking parts of the area around her apart. Best not to kill Squealer, she could easily have a secondary vehicle waiting in the workshop when she respawns. Or a secondary vehicle right here. Or an emergency self-destruct button, an ejection button, self-defence mode, any kind of Tinker thing possible - I didn't want her doing it.

Can't activate your special levers and buttons if they've all been cut in half by a sword almost as tall as you, right Squealer?

And there was another advantage to slashing around like this. The vehicle isn't exactly functioning at 100% anymore. I'm pretty sure I just cut the rear wheel axle in half. One of the engines is gone. The middle part of the truck-slash-tank is actively slumping into the road and generating more and more sparks with every moment that goes by. All things that are likely to slow us down.

Which is good. Which is great. Because Squealer definitely isn't thinking about steering right now. No. Instead, she's trying to shoot me again with her other arm. Vertical slash-

I blink in alarm as something hesitates for a moment in my frame. A flash of pain and I dive into my shadow state, barely even recognising my own actions or the world around me as everything erupts into fire. I drop a second charge of the shadow state just to avoid the debris.

I chase after the flaming vehicle, only to stumble and-

Arm. Leg.

Mine.

Ow. I stare at the two limbs for a moment. Right. The arm was obvious. The blade ripped off the arm it was attached to. Expected. The bottom half of my leg? The leg implied that the blade had already been over halfway through its 'critical hit' when I'd entered the shadow state. My leg must have been barely in the line of fire for the reversed-hit. Unfortunate.

No, fortunate. I'd underestimated the speed of the failure. I'd assumed it would give the same amount of warning as the original, but perhaps shrinking it down had shifted things somewhat - things resolved faster and the slash came out at a greater speed compared to the original. I could at least be somewhat happy that the failure hadn't happened on a horizontal slash. Yes, my limbs wouldn't have been in the natural path of the blade - but my spine would have taken the impact that my arm had taken this time.

Well. Untested technology is-

Something. I don't know. I'm losing blood.

Shadow state. Not to heal. It won't help in time. But I can use it to move.

Use it to move to the burning, debris scattered all over the road. The boiling fluids, the melting metal and the ignited fuel creating a literal hellscape to walk through.

I throw myself into it. I allow myself to scream. But I don't allow myself to back away, not until the scent of burning flesh reaches my nose and I'm sure that the job is done. Roll over, away. Clothes are on fire - unfortunate collateral. Roll some more.

Everything hurts. But I still have two limbs. I reach over to the stump at my right shoulder. Bleeding? No. Other leg? No. Just black, burnt flesh and caked, reddish blood that seems to fall away like dust. Urgh. Don't look at it.

"You've had worse." I tell myself. "Just need to get up."

My body seems to disagree. Greg, you fucking idiot. This is minor. This is nothing! You've lost limbs before! You've been eaten alive! Multiple times!

I try to push myself up, at least into a sitting position. Where's my strength gone? Really.

"Could really use an ash clone at a time like this." I grouch. Fine, if I can't lift myself - I'll have a power do it for me. The ash clone would have been best, but it wasn't like I was incapable of using Mush's power myself. I just wasn't as good.

I reach for Mush's power, and come up blank.

Huh?

I check my administrator power.

"Oh, you beauty." I mentally stare at the still-active powerset. "How the fuck did you survive all of that?" I pause. "And where the fuck are you, I need you-"

I focus on the administrator power-

And find myself getting a first-hand view of Squealer's leg being snapped like a twig by a newly-reformed knight. The other leg already seems twisted and broken. My ash clone drags Squealer along the concrete as a litany of abuse assaults the two 'clones'.

Squealer's alive too. For now? I issue a quick order, Squealer shrieking in pain for a moment as the bleeding stumps of her hands are cauterised just like my own wounds.

Bring her to me. I send the order to my ash clone. It was probably doing that anyway, but it was hard to know how 'smart' it was with the administrator effect attached. In some ways, not giving it the administrator power was better for making it predictable - it didn't innovate, it didn't think. If there was a problem, it was in the command provided. With Administrator? It was basically an additional teammate all on its own, and that had only grown more true as I'd gotten better at adjusting orders on the fly without adding meaningful downtime for my other powers.

I lean back, relaxing for a moment despite the pain. Leaving this mission in the hands of the ash clone seemed... like a good idea, actually. I continue to peer through its eyes, marvelling at the absolute perfection that was the cut that had completely split the front part of the vehicle into left-and-right halves. I did that. Or, I made the thing that did that. With a small amount of help from Leet, I guess.

I mean, it wasn't perfect. Sure. Might have killed me. Definitely would have crippled me in real life. But still! Power! A perfect one-shot on another Tinker's product, something built for durability. But actually getting to get use out of my Tinker power in a challenge like this feels great.

And in real life, and maybe future challenges - I could innovate a little. Yes, my ash clone would probably disperse under the pressure of the frame and the movements - but the knight wouldn't. And, yes, the knight couldn't operate the controls - but surely that was a comparatively small matter? Remote controls, simple - surely?

Well. Actually equipping the delicate frame onto the knight would be tricky, perhaps a version three would be best in this case. Or, a version 2 part 2? How did Leet's iteration work? Could I go back and take the original mechablade and go in a different direction, only taking the original quirk into the next version? Or would all future versions along that line of products have some minor quirk to work around with the clasps? What if the new design didn't even have clasps?

I extend a finger to my ash clone as he enters my field of view. "My fucking hero. Look at you."

It doesn't respond. Stoic chad that it is. Well, it is a clone of me - in the end.

"Cool, silent type. I get it." I nod woozily.

"Stop talking to the fucking clone." Squealer snarls.

"I'll get to you in a moment." I frown. "Nothing wrong with showing my appreciation for the MVP. Especially when the MVP is, indirectly, me!"

"Just kill me." Squealer sighs.

"Nope." I shake my head. "Nuh-uh. We're in this together. You can't move, I can't really move all that well. I can't let you run off and get another vehicle out of nowhere. So you're coming with me, and we're getting carried."

"You're kidding." She levels a glare at me. Impressive, considering her position on the ground.

"Nope-ah, yes. Actually. Let me correct myself. I am getting carried-" The knight sweeps me up into a bridal carry, to allow me to gaze down smugly at the defeated Tinker. "-you are going to get dragged along. Not my choice-" I lie. "-but my ash clone doesn't really have much in the way of lifting strength. Might be a bit of a bumpy ride, but I'll do my best to keep the conversation going."

"Not interested in being lugged around by this ugly fuck." Squealer gripes. "Let me- let me go." She threatens impotently - arm stumps flailing to try and hit the ash clone. It dutifully avoids the strikes by dumping her in the dirt gracelessly, then dragging her along again as the protest dies.

"Ugly?" I purse my lips. "It's a clone. An ash clone. It just looks like me, except - you know. Ashy." I peer at it to be sure. "I mean, aside from facial features - it's just a- a blob there I guess. But the build - it's all me. Nothing you can complain about there. He looks good!" I nod at it. "Don't let her get to you. She's jealous."

"Looks like you?" She makes a considering expression. "Yeah, I stand by what I said."

"That's just immature. I'm a good-looking guy, and I'm not afraid to admit it. Maybe a few months ago, a little lacking in muscle - but honestly I wasn't even that ugly then. I was just- you know. Not hitting it off with the girls. Not sure why. Maybe the girls were actually serious when they said they weren't interested in the number of achievement points I have in World Of Parahumans? I don't know, it's hard to say." I pause at the look on her face. "That was a joke." Mostly. I only mentioned that around the girls that already had nerdy vibes to them. Like Taylor. It hadn't worked then, but imagine if it had? One shared hobby is all we'd need for sparks to start flying - no power required.

She turns her face away as she bounces along the road, my ash clones grip on her shirt more than enough to keep her moving. The cold shoulder, huh? Nice try, but girls have spent years trying to ignore me. I'll just make the conversation topic worse and worse until you have to give in and start talking back to get me to shut up.

"Ahem. But, yeah - objectively - I'm a handsome dude. Not fat. Smart. Powerful. Have you seen these muscles? I don't mean to brag but people would pay for these. I'm rich- well. Hmm. I'm rich by my standards? Like, I've looted enough wallets and purses that I don't really have money issues? And I guess I'm kind of the man of the Veder household right now. So if I really needed it, I guess the family finances are open to me. Multiple girlfriends? I think that's actually a positive thing in a guy. Like, for a girl? Total slut. No way. But for a guy? That's how you know he's a real prize. I think I've got that bad-boy kind of vibe. All that ambition and danger, I'm pretty sure girls would be swarming me if I let the world know all about myself. The PRT would be swarming me too, but I bet I'd get a bunch of love letters in prison."

She's still ignoring me.

I continue. "I mean, I'm almost running out of fingers for my good points here. Oh. Hero. Obviously total point in my favour. Bitches love heroes. And, to be clear - not just a day-to-day, go to work and collect a paycheck like a bum kind-of-hero. I'm not Velocity. A real hero. Saving people. Cleaning up the streets. Solving hot girls problems. Taylor? Whole basket case of issues. I'm all over that. Honestly, kind of fixed everything for her already it's just she kind of fucked it up for herself at the start. Sophia? Didn't have a single person who understood her! Bam! Here comes a hero, ready to give her the dicking she's been craving for years. Emma! Pow! Honestly, I never got around to asking what her whole trauma was but she really seems to be happy just being my cock slut so I've kind of just let it slide. Um. Who else? Panacea? I'll be honest, I haven't really saved her from much yet but I'm probably the highlight of her week every time I show up at the hospital so I should get brownie points for that. Like, I'm going to be piping her in a few weeks and people will get to see her smile for the first time - New Wave will make a statue for me. And then I can fuck her hotter sister too."

Squealer twitches.

"Uh, who else? Leet! Who could forget hi- uh, her! I love the show, don't get me wrong. Amazingly funny. But, total losers. Right? Let's be honest." I shake my head. "In a nice way. Doomed to fail. Saturday morning cartoon villains - you know they're going to fuck it up somehow, and you're just along for the ride. Along comes me! Boom. Leet is useful now. And hot. Like, impressive tits. I actually went back, I still don't get how my power works with all of this - the old videos... those retro gaming videos are just so much better when you've got a cute gamer girl doing them instead. I get it now, I really do. The only problem is Uber." My face darkens. "I thought he was a cool guy before, we had that cool mecha battle. Great. But now, anytime you go to look up Rule34 of Leet - and, I mean, why wouldn't you? Have you seen her now? It's always art of Uber fucking her! They're definitely not together." I grimace. "There's no way they're together, right? What do you think? Am I getting cucked? Did I turn myself into a cuck by not getting both of them at the same time? They were just bros before, definitely no romantic tension there - not even any slightly-homo jokes. There's no way. No way, right?"

Nah, there's no way.

But I should really make that visit to Leet a priority once everything was settled. The promise of working on Tinker projects was one thing, but the idea that Uber might be cashing in on my prize - that I worked so hard for! - was just too much.

"It's probably fine." I assure myself. "Uh, who else have I saved with my dazzling heroic attitude. Oh, the Cauldron chick? I'd smash, definitely. Still not entirely sure what their whole deal was, but I'm kind of getting the impression that I just need to get up to the kind of level where Eidolon was before he started being a bum - and then I body the Endbringers and... uh. I don't know, honestly. Usually these conspiracy-types have evil plans to conquer the world and the plucky hero is playing into their hand the whole time, but beating the Endbringers seems pretty sensible - right? Nobody could blame me for anything if that went badly. So, yeah. I'll just work towards that. And then, if Cauldron is actually evil and trying to rule the world? Time for me to shine. I show up, take charge. Everyone is fired from the conspiracy, I'm doing my thing. Cute agent girl can stay, I've kind of got a thing for domineering girls who used to think they could tell me what to do giving me blowjobs. Like, I'll fuck her as well it's just that blowjobs specifically - it kind of has this sense to it, right? The feeling that the tables have turned, I'm the boss now - something like that if you see what I mean."

Step. Step. Step. Squealer doesn't look at me.

"Sorry, guess you wouldn't know what I mean. You're a girl. And not even, like - NOW you're a girl - just a girl. Which is- I mean, it's all the same to me in the end. I'm not complaining. At the start I was thinking - maybe this is a little bit gay. Nothing wrong with gay people, mind you - just, not my thing, right? But then, you beat up this annoying guy and some chick with breedable hips and thick thighs takes her place and that kind of convinced me that it's definitely okay. Like, Mush. Right! Left her off the list. She's all over me too, honestly. If I was alone tonight? Breeding time. There's no way she could even string together enough words in the right order to say no and I get the feeling she's a total freak. Always the quiet ones, or something? But, you know. Couldn't make a scene with Sophia around."

I let out a groan of frustration as I keep going. "Fucking Sophia. If she wasn't with the Wards we'd be having team orgies right now. And Mush could have been in on that. It's only because I feel like I need to play things slow. All kinds of rumours about Master/Stranger protocols, right? Some people say they're useless trash, others say that they're super-spy level crap. I don't want to push too hard because I got horny, only to have the entire PRT jump me because she went to the Wards cafeteria and gave Vista a compliment. But, I kind of want Taylor and Sophia fighting over my dick already - like, that was a day-one wish from me with this power. Day one. Not too much to ask, right? Apparently it is! It took me weeks to fuck them individually, and Taylor still won't talk to me at school."

"Oh my god, stop fucking talking!" Squealer shouts. "Lalalala-!"

"Right-" I nod sheepishly.

"-lalala-" The sound is cut off as my ash clone inelegantly drops the woman sideways, landing awkwardly on her face. A moment later, it continues to drag her forward. "-the fuck-?"

"It has a mind of its own." Technically not a lie. The fact that I can also tell it what to do doesn't matter. "Maybe it got offended. I mean, this whole conversation started from you calling that guy ugly, right? And, okay, maybe I was rambling - I'll admit it - got carried away. But I think there's a lot to like about me, and the things I've been doing. More than just my body, which I guess is the only relevant part for that guy - but I feel like the other stuff is worth mentioning."

"It wasn't. Nobody wanted to hear all of that." Squealer grunts sourly. "Not a single person."

"Well. Sorry, but I'm a little woozy right now. Missing limbs, you know how it is. Wouldn't have happened if someone didn't try to shoot me." I defend myself. "I get talkative when I'm in pain, get a little frantic - not a big deal, we're all friends here."

"No, we're not." Squealer deadpans.

"We kind of are. I mean, this is the third challenge - pretty sure I've won this one. You're basically halfway to being my breeding slut. And, personally speaking? Pretty sure I'm going to have you bouncing on my dick after the next challenge gives us a relationship boost. Gotta get on with cucking Skidmark, right? If I leave it too long, Skidmark will be a chick and I'll have missed out on the chance."

Squealer grimaces. "Quite the optimist, aren't you?"

I blink. "No? Seems... pretty much the most likely thing to happen, based on what I've seen so far at least. And, don't get me wrong I'm sure your love was pure and wholesome at some point - but I've seen you guys talking and honestly it seems like a whole domestic violence thing? I mean, it's not even really NTR at that point - I'm doing a public service. Picture it. You're the hardworking Tinker, spending all day making him some fancy truck. But he's not having it! Random slap to the face, random insults and he storms out the door talking about the gang while you cry. I come in all seductive, showing you that I'm a guy who knows how to appreciate women - and you decide this is how you'll get back on Skidmark, who's never really appreciated you. POV change to Skidmark and he's completely oblivious and raging about how he was beaten and how he'll capture the dastardly Void Cowboy next time. POV change again, one creampied Squealer moaning into her pillow. Like, three times over. And a full facial. Some commentary from you about how Skidmark and his needle dick could never do the same. Perfect doujin. I'd make it myself if I could draw." I wave my finger. "That, but in real life."

"An absolutely repulsive idea." Squealer informs me sweetly.

"No, no - I think." I fall silent. "Actually, is this weird? Am I being a weirdo here? Like, objectively - I know I'm talking to myself. To my power. Just killing time, right? But it's still kind of- kind of real in a way? Or, somewhat accurate to the person - I guess?" I search around for the words. "I suppose I'm only thinking about it because I really don't talk about sex stuff that often inside my challenges. Not deliberately. I love monologuing. It's just, usually the opportunity doesn't come up. It's not like I don't think about it either. I mean, sex in general! I mean, fighting so many hot girls - it would be impossible for a normal guy not to think 'I could totally smash one of these girls after winning' - right? And, it's a simulation - way more ethical than doing it in real life, definitely. It's just, usually, the fights are either too easy or too hard - right? The ones that really piss me off to the extent that I really want to get back at them, they're usually the life-or-death sort where I just want to win by the end of it. The random students or whatever that say something stupid to me, there's no reason to do anything in a challenge when I could just win a few times then fuck and humiliate them in real life."

"To answer the question, yes. You're weird. Sick in the head, actually. The most fucking deranged, psychotic, porn-addicted, virgin creep that I've ever had the misfortune to lay eyes upon in my life." She spits out.

"You can't insult me by calling me a virgin, I literally get laid. A lot." I object. "The rest is, I mean that's fair. That's your opinion, I suppose. I was just making conversation about this whole situation we're in. I guess I was just thinking, maybe I'm actually some secret moral paragon? I mean, I've got this whole world where I can beat up anyone and have my way with them. No one ever knows. And yet, I haven't done anything yet. Just thought about it. A lot. Which is fair, right? It's hot to think about, but then the reality is that they don't stop trying to kill you until you've broken their neck or something and now its just a bit weird to go ahead with it?"

I look to Squealer for support. I don't find it. Whatever.

I wave a hand in the air excitedly as I consider my last sentence. "Which is a great tangent, actually - because I'm pretty sure that's messing me up. Normal people - they see someone with a caved-in chest, they think 'ew' right? Total boner killer. Me? Used to be like that. Except, after a scene like that - I usually win. And winning usually involves some hot girl with massive tits throwing herself at me and sucking my dick. There's some kind of conditioning thing going on here, like-" I make a meaningful gesture at Squealer. "-you, for instance. Burns. Cut off both hands. Cuts on your face. Bruises all over your torso. Broken legs. And you know what I think when I look at you? I think - 'Damn, what a great pair of tits - they're really just all hanging out right now. I'm probably going to have my dick between those in a few days or weeks.'."

Squealer glances down with a flush, making a futile attempt to manipulate her clothing into covering more of herself. It's a pretty ineffective attempt, the movement actually serving to separate some half-burned scraps of cloth that were only just holding on. "You fucking disgusting freak." The venom in her tone is respectable.

The attempt to preserve her decency is kind of hot though. An unexpected moment of shyness from a woman truly incapable of concealing her bust. I'd initially thought she didn't care if I saw, which was hot in its own way - but I guess she just didn't notice her state.

Guess I'm such a good conversationalist that I kept her distracted.

"Can we change the conversation topic." Squealer grinds out. Did I say all of that out loud?

"Yeah, sure thing. I feel like that last topic got a bit too deep. Maybe something we come back to after the fourth challenge. Like, if you want to smash inside the challenge then - I could kind of tick it off the bucket list-" Squealer growls. "Right. Um. Oh! Look. It's the third gate!" I point at the upcoming checkpoint. "How many gates were there again? Like, fifteen? We're a fifth of the way there already!"

"Please just kill me." Squealer begs.

"No! We're getting along. Sophia was like this too in her challenge, total tsundere - pretended she didn't want to talk with me. I knew better then, I know better now. I'm onto you." I happily ignore the death stare drilling into me. "Um. Topic. Topic. Weather? No, that's stupid. Why don't we go back to the ash clone thing? Because let me tell you - that thing is only level one of Oni Lee's power. You know what that means? It means there's ways to upgrade it. And I know I'm missing the whole teleportation thing which is, maybe the entire point of the power - but he doesn't actually leave ash clones like that around. Right? They all just look like Oni Lee's. Actual Oni Lee's, not a shared build - like this guy."

"Shut up shut up shut up-" Is she crying? Can't blame her. I've got a better pain tolerance than her and even I want to cry with these wounds. And she didn't have the benefit of the shadow state to dodge most of the initial burns.

"So, hear me out - where I'm going with this - say I level up the Oni Lee powerset. Do my clones start looking realistic? Start carrying what I'm wearing? Because then there's no way you could call them ugly. Or, even better - knowing how my power is with the ladies - what if they come out looking like a female version of me? Oni Lee would probably be female at that point. Oni Leia or something-" God, I'm funny. "-so it would kind of make sense. And then I've got female clones on call that are clones of a pretty attractive guy. What's a hot-blooded male to do, am I right? I don't mean to be, you know - all gay about it - but I'd fuck me."

"That is the least straight thing that anyone has said. Ever." I grin at her grudging response. A real conversation was happening now.

"I see where you're coming from, but I mean like - in a straight way." I wave my hand. "Like, if my clone was a chick. Or, for example - I've been thinking about this - someone made an actual clone of me. Perfect copy. I look at them, and what do I see? Challenge box. In a case like that, I- they would understand that I had to do what I had to do." She stares at me, eyes full of incomprehension. "I mean, it only makes sense right? If I was a girl? Without any biases getting in the way? I'd probably want to be swept up by the harem king with the godlike dick, unlimited power and a personality that's really too nice for his own good. I'm a catch! It's not wrong to acknowledge that. And it isn't like I want to be a girl or anything, this is a thought exercise - like, if I HAD to be one, I'd definitely want to get dicked down by myself. Just to see what it was like from the other side."

Squealer looks at me with a broken expression of defeat. "How about we talk- how about we talk about your heroic accomplishments. You were- you were really listing those off earlier, right?"

"Oho, so you are interested." Tsundere. "Fine, fine. I suppose I was just about to get started on the Merchants when we stopped. Obviously, I've got to bring the gang under my heel - as any good hero would. Already talked about Mush, but what about Skidmark? Obviously, I'm going to cuck him a bit. No, a lot. Unless his next challenge makes him into a girl right away, which would actually be a bit of a shame. Just a personal thing, but I want to savour the feeling of taking his girl a few times while he's still a dude. If I'm happy that I've solved his challenges, maybe I'll even do it openly - let him watch for a while before I turn him into a girl."

I nod along with my own thoughts before continuing. "And then? Well, it's not like I'll shrug and say that all is forgiven - but I suppose I'll have to see what my power gives me to work with at the time. A feisty girl that needs taming? A power-hungry slut that needs reminding who holds the reins of power now? Some timid wreck, carrying over the inferiority issues of their old self after getting cucked? A confident lieutenant, quick to understand her new position on her knees? Ah, I can think of so many good ideas - in a way only getting one is such a tragedy. Do you think I need more people to hate? Like, start a few random feuds just so I get to savour winning more later?"

"This isn't what I meant-" Squealer tries to interrupt.

I continue merrily. "Obviously, there's other aspects that I can take a guess at for the new Skidmark. Oh! That jacket? The open chest one? I hope she still has that. I love that for women, the sides just barely concealing the nipples, but you can see the full swell of the breasts in plain view? Perfection. Built for titjobs. And I'm not just saying that - I'd be making sure she knew it. I'd be painting those chocolate orbs white before every meeting we ever have. Hell, I'd have her keep it there for the duration of the meeting - just so that everyone present understands her real role in the organisation - really show that I'm the boss." I nod in satisfaction. "Oh, and I suppose you'll be there too. Regardless of how that relationship evolves, I think it would be good for her spirit to hear and understand that I can satisfy you in ways she never could."

"You've really been thinking a lot about this. You really think you've won? After barely crossing the halfway mark?" Squealer's eyes flash. "Get this into your head. I'll never bow down to a shitstain like you. Skidmark has his flaws, but he's a better person than you are. He's better for me than you could ever be. And no matter how much you try, you'll never twist your personality into something that I would be interested in."

"So needlessly hostile." I raise my eyebrows. Sensitive subject? Well. I guess that's what the REAL modifier does for you when combined with CONT giving them an understanding of the challenges they were in. I suppose it isn't unreasonable to be bitter that your current self is unwanted, and nothing more than a stepping stone towards something better. "No need for the speech. Obviously, I don't mean literally you when I say 'you'. I get it, this version of you doesn't like me much. I mean Squealer in general. I've already made the - probably utterly worthless original - into a better version by winning the first two challenges. You're welcome, by the way - I didn't really care to check before but you were probably ugly. Or diseased. You look attractive now, no need to thank me - I did it for myself. But even if I was selfishly motivated, let's be honest - it's an upgrade as far as the rest of the world is concerned too, isn't it?"

"I am going to fucking murder you after this. Every time we meet. Dead. No talking. Ever." Squealer promises. "Dead. Dead. Dead-"

"Okay, that may have sounded a bit harsh - but don't take it personally." I protest. "It's true for a lot of people. Taylor? I don't want to be mean, but - complete loser before I got involved. Isolated loner, bullied - really makes you think she's going to shoot up the school one day. Or use her bugs. More issues than I could even count. Now? Up-and-coming heroine, only a few issues to work through. Confident. Sexy. Heroic. That's all me. You're welcome. Sophia? It's obvious there's a lot more to like about her ever since I put her in her place as my bedwarmer. She's even becoming a team player. Slowly. Mush? I didn't really see much of the original but I think the wider world won there too. Is there really a change I've made where it's actually a negative for society as a whole? I don't think so. And you're certainly no exception to that. That's all I'm saying. Everyone will be happier when I beat the challenge after this one, and you start to feel the need to show me what you can do with those tits of yours. And 'everyone' includes you too, of course. Not Skidmark - so maybe everyone isn't quite the right word... but you get the idea."

"-Dead. Dead. Dead-"

Women. Honestly.

Sometimes they just snap on you for no reason.

I'm just saying, if a few months ago some absolute goddess of a heroine told me that they were going to beat up an imaginary version of me and then use some weak Master powers to seduce me away from an abusive, drug-addled version of Taylor - and in the process, I would get a body sculpted like Adonis himself, a massive dick and get to fuck her constantly? And, if I was a Cape, I probably get some minor upgrades to my power somewhere along the way? I'd have been asking how much of my soul and wallet I needed to sign away, and I certainly wouldn't be spending any time complaining that Master powers were bad or insisting that I was perfect with Taylor because she only hits me on her bad days.

Did that make me an idiot? No. Did that make me crazy? Obviously not. Anyone can read that scenario and understand that its an absolute win. Every single straight guy at Winslow takes that offer. Every one. What does that make us? Normal.

But now flip the genders, and its problematic? I think not. I don't really expect her to start agreeing, it's just - it feels kind of unjust, when you think about it. I should have girls throwing themselves at me, begging me to look at them and take a shot at their challenges. Instead, I spend half my time plotting how to avoid a kill order. Where's the gratitude?

Still. Saying that out loud probably isn't going to win me any favours. Well. Maybe its too late to start worrying about that, judging by the already-maniacal look of fury in Squealer's eyes.

I blame the blood loss. Brain-to-mouth filter might have turned off for a bit.

Distraction. Distraction. Something that will brighten her mood before the next conversation. "Oh! Isn't that the fifth gate? We're almost a third of the way there!"

A wordless scream is my only reply.

Drama queen.

She's not even the one walking.

SUCCESS​

Some time later, the knight carries me across the final gate. Squealer being kept just short of the last gate by my ash clone - just in case she managed to disperse it and crawl to the end somehow.

Not that she seems in much of a mood to try anything of the sort. Maybe she's actually an introvert? Social battery all depleted?

Doesn't matter. It's an odd-numbered Cape victory - which usually means, a power upgrade.

Reward: Tinker: Vehicles (Rugged Designs) (2)​

Right on time. A straight upgrade.

Probably usable. Maybe even in the next challenge? Two out of three levels in her own speciality, I only needed to win once. Perhaps I could catch her off-guard with an unexpected angle?

Lets just see what I'm looking at.

Squealer

Merchant Villain 4/6

(EVNT) (CONT) (REAL)​

Is every single one of these challenges going to be the same? I don't mind them being on a theme, but its pretty rare to see no change in the modifiers three times in a row - and at this rate, I wouldn't be surprised to see the next two be the exact same. "Challenge."

Immediately, I click my tongue. Spoke too soon, Greg. You should know better. The modifiers aren't even the most significant ways that a challenge can change its nature. It's always about the scenario.

Because there was still a racetrack around Brockton Bay - yes. Still checkpoints, still a pair of workshops. Still a familiar set of rules appearing on screen.

But that giant ramp up, creating a massive jump where the fifth gate can be seen suspended in the sky? That's new. The cutscene displaying the eighth gate halfway up the side of the Medhall tower? New. The fifteenth gate being placed on the water outside of rig? New.

Some of those, I could do. And some, I just couldn't. Obviously, you were intended to build a true all-terrain vehicle - or, perhaps multiple separate vehicles. And with my upgraded power? Maybe I could do that.

Except I couldn't. Because cars? Cars were big. My copy/paste box? Not so big. Perhaps that wouldn't be such a problem if I could create the majority of the vehicle normally in this workshop, maybe I could at least make an attempt - something to iterate on in the future, as foolish as it seems against a Tinker with the CONT modifier - but this workshop-

The wall crashes as a tank surges through. A scream of fury echoing across the room to announce my rival's presence.

-is not available to me.

"Die, die, die-" Squealer hisses over the loudspeaker. "I'll get my revenge for your incessant blabbering a thousand times over. I'll never listen to you say another word so help me-"

I make a considering expression as I eye the glowing turret pointed directly at me. "You know, I didn't mention this before but you really swear a lot less than usual when you're agitated. Is it like, just a thing you put on to blend with Skidmark or-"

FAILURE​

"Wow. Rude." Not even a few lines to gloat? But it was hard to be mad. I hadn't run for a good reason. I wanted to get out of there without letting her do anything or seeing anything from me. Same logic as Armsmaster. No sense in trying to creep closer to victory by trial and error against a CONT modifier. If you ever got close, they'd adapt and close that path to you forever. Having a plan and executing it well the first time they ever see it - that was the way.

I needed... hm. What did I need? Either a perfect design, or raw firepower. The design part was interesting - Squealer's power gave me options to work with at the second level, I could feel it. I could genuinely make a decent competitor for that challenge. And the best part? I could break the allotted time limit of the challenge by designing it all in real life - or, even the challenge of some complete nobody. Squealer might be better, but even with the CONT modifier including her finalised vehicle between each challenge - she still only had four or five hours construction time total. Even if my power was worse, me spending an entire day should be able to make something that matched up.

The issue was that I couldn't paste that in once I had the right design, even ignoring the material requirement. I needed to find an upgrade to my Tinker power's box to make it larger. Car-sized. Difficult, because I only got it as a bonus from the first Tinker I defeated - so I don't think it's tied to Leet specifically. Perhaps I could upgrade it by beating a certain number of Tinkers? Armsmaster, Kid Win and Gallant. That was it around here, I think. And honestly, these days - I was kind of siding with the posters on PHO that claimed that Gallant was a fraud and wasn't really a Tinker at all. After this long, he'd make something other than that powersuit? Right? Surely. I don't care what the PRT says, Tinkers make stuff. Gallant hasn't even updated his design a single time in months. Strange. Too strange.

Anyway. Even if beating all of those guys would get me my upgraded box, it wasn't all that feasible in the short term. Which left the other alternative - using my powers to attack and delay, or complete the course without a vehicle. The speed-state would post a respectable time for most of the gates, it just probably wasn't going to beat Squealer's top speeds and some of the newer gates would be... challenging. Attacking powers? I wasn't likely to get close to her with the mechablade again. Or, at all - I'm pretty sure she's going to be all 'shoot on sight' for me right now. And that was ignoring the modifications she would make this time around. Being taken captive and neutralised as a driver was obviously the reason she lost last time, I couldn't assume she wouldn't have a solution this time around.

Ah. Vexing. Couldn't I hit a wall in the challenges next round instead? That would be so much better for me. Instead, I need... I need something. I don't know. A new power. Something I can blindside her with, that she hasn't had a chance to adapt to yet.

Whatever. I was happy. Another level of the power. I clear my vision as the real world returns, idly flicking over to the newly upgraded power to see if it had anything else to say about my surroundings.

Oh, it most certainly did. Before, I was relying on inference from the suggestions my power threw back at me. Now? I just got it. I knew what I was looking at.

"Oh, I see!" I blurt out. "I really thought the entire thing was just a giant waste of resources, a cobbled-together bunch of tough machines designed for pure brute-force, violence and nothing else - but that's actually just the shell isn't it?" My eyes alight on a thin line separating sections of the internal area I was sitting in. "It's modular. The real Tinkertech beauty is that little cabin you're sitting in. You pop it out, slide it into a new vehicle - and all of your equipment can just slot back in as soon as you make enough space for it. No wonder you've got so many weapons on the inside too, despite the vehicle seeming like a new one - all of the weapons are connected to the power core here rather than the engines cobbled together from the other vehicles."

I clap my hands together as I appraise the wider vehicle, not stopping my speech for a moment. "Brilliant. I'd always wondered how you ever found the time to maintain such a wide variety of vehicles without them all breaking down, considering your debut was pretty much nothing but that. But with this set-up you almost barely need to maintain anything - everything on the outside is just armour, protection and mobility for the squishy, valuable core you've got here. It's only the Tinkertech itself that needs maintaining, so as long as your internal work can support everything you add on the outside - you can just keep building bigger and bigger designs without the maintenance time increasing to match."

She looks unexpectedly frazzled at my excited monologue. "That's-" Her eyes narrow. "-accurate, but that won't help you win."

I let my gaze roam. "And is that- aha! Trackers. Camera screens. This isn't just a vanguard for the Merchants, its a command and control centre! You're keeping everyone organised from in here. Where's the transmitter- oh, you managed to squeeze it back there to share the power source with the screens. I love that. Is that a teleporter- ah, you've been repurposing it but you haven't finished it quite yet? Targeting problems - aha, I see. The targeting scanner doesn't pass through electrical currents well so it only teleports part of the vehicle. That's a tough problem, good luck with that-"

"What are you-" Squealer blinks. "-that's what's wrong with it? No wonder-"

"You didn't know?" I tilt my head.

"I would have worked it out, obviously - dickhead." Squealer snipes. "It's just that my Tinkering time keeps getting interrupted. Like when random nobodies acting like heroes show up and attack my gang." She scowls. "And how are you even spouting off all of that crap anyway? A Thinker?"

"I am not a nobody. You should check PHO more often, I was Bagrat-levels of famous in the Brockton Bay Boards even before I became a Cape. Now? I'm pretty sure I'm the most popular poster in the city. I don't mean to brag, but - just trying to be accurate." I tick my fingers off. "I'm a grab bag of sorts. Trump. I've got a bit of a Tinker rating - so I'm able to appreciate the work you've put in here." One more finger. "Finally, we didn't randomly attack you. You guys started rampaging all over the area for no reason and we decided to intervene because we were patrolling nearby. You can't just start harassing civilians and not expect a response."

"It wasn't for no reason. It's-" She stops. "-personal. But we had our reasons. We were looking for someone. Someone who messed with Skidmark - any gang would do the same in our position."

"Did you find them?" I probe.

"No." She sounds sour about that. "That cuntbag escaped. Wherever he was hiding, he's definitely gone by now with the shitstorm those bugs were kicking up."

I roll my shoulders. "Well, to me it just looks like Skidmark lost his cool and put you all in a terrible spot with his overreaction. There's no way the PRT isn't already sending someone over. My colleague - the one with the bugs - has probably neutralised most of the normies by now. This could be the end of the Merchants, you know?"

"Not if I have anything to say about it." Squealer grits her teeth. "I'll handle you, then your friend - and we'll scram out of here. Same old story."

"It's fine if Skidmark fucks things up, as long as Squealer keeps bailing them out. Pretty sure I've seen a fair few conversations like that on PHO, seems to be a recurring theme. Maybe it's just me, but I can't help but feel that you aren't appreciated enough here." I comment idly.

"I'm appreciated just fine. I just need to do my job, and you need to put your hands above your head before I vaporise you, fuckwad." She threatens me.

"Ok, I'm going to be completely honest - my best move right now is extremely lethal to you, but even without it I'm really confident that I win." I cough. "To be clear, I have a variant of Clockblocker's powers - and you see this string?" I float it in front of us both. "Obviously, we're cruising through the streets right now - but if I freeze this, you, and the entire back half of the vehicle, are going to get diced up. I don't want to do that. I'm not that kind of guy. I've got a whole bunch of powers that help in a situation like this. I've got clones, I've got a Brute rating, intangibility - I'm just trying to say, I really have the advantage here. If we fight, it won't be close."

"We'll see." The voice is cold.

"No, no that wasn't bluster or a threat. Let me finish." I wave my hands. "I'm just saying - there isn't an actual outcome where you beat me. Right? I'm a better fighter. You're the better Tinker. I don't get to talk about Tinkering with anyone, really - none of my teammates would ever understand. So, here's my proposal - we don't attack each other. This clash between our teams? We just... watch. We talk about cars or something, and we see how the situation develops. Maybe there's a way out of this whole situation that works for both of us."

"You're bluffing." She accuses.

I bring my arm in front of my face and let it erupt into shadow. "Is that what you think? You forget, I've got the Tinker rating. I took one look inside this thing, and I see every trick you have available to you - and I. Am. Confident." I smile widely. "So. It's up to you. If you want to fight, let's fight. But if you want to say, let's mutually bow out of the battlefield for a moment - perhaps exchange ideas, one Tinker to another. And, perhaps - as one leader to another - we can work something out that doesn't involve your entire group getting thrown into a cell."

"I'm- I'm not the leader." She denies. "I can't make that kind of call."

"No? It sounds to me like you're the only one looking out for your group in all of this. You can see Skidmark on those screens of yours, right? Does it look like he's planning an escape? Is he worried about your safety? Is he trying to evacuate his men before the PRT arrive?" She remains silent in the face of my questioning. "Or is he frothing at the mouth, barely coherent? Screaming about revenge, and the terrible things he's going to do to my team once he gets his hands on us? Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I've just got a bad impression of him. But, to me - it seems like you're the responsible one here." I spread my arms. "So, again. If you've made your decision. If you think you'll win? Shoot. Or, don't. But the offer is off the table the moment you do."

"..." Squealer looks conflicted for a moment. "...I just don't want to scrape your remains off of the truck floor." The weapons between us power down.

"That wouldn't have been a problem." I grin, stepping forward into the slowly-clearing space between us - the previous obstacles and barriers slowly retracting to allow me through. "But, if it makes you feel better - let's go with that."

"You're new. All of, what - one, two Cape fights? A baby." Squealer sniffs. "I'd have wiped the floor with you, but you seem nice. Well-intentioned, at least. You don't deserve a beatdown like that, and it would be hard for me to hold back enough to handle you without damaging the inside of my truck. I need to prioritise."

"So you say, so you say." I hum as I approach. "Oh, nice quality on the screens. But I didn't see any drones flying around, and there were definitely no CCTV cameras earlier. Actually, the angle is a bit low-"

"Dash cameras. They're installed on every vehicle in the Merchant fleet. The range isn't great, but it gives me a nice overview when we send a lot of boys out like this." She explains.

"Interesting. Pretty lucky to get a view like this though." I point at the screen of Skidmark waving his hands in the air, a solid green light appearing all across the street - the swarm of fliers immediately plummeting to the ground, while the nearby Merchants merely stagger and push themselves to their feet.

"Luck has nothing to do with it. I take this seriously." She makes some gestures on the screen. The screen rumbles for a moment, then shifts to follow Skidmark as he makes threatening gestures at the street around him.

Not just a moving camera. "Autopilot? On all of them?" I merrily perch myself on the end of her seat, extracting a minor growl of protest at our sudden closeness - but it was her fault for not adding a passenger seat.

"Obviously." She snorts. "I'm a vehicle tinker. It's bad enough I have to let anyone else inside my babies at all, let alone allow them close to the steering wheel. This is practically the first bit of tech I made after joining the Merchants. I don't trust half of these fuckers to drive straight with a normal car, let alone with something I've tuned-up personally."

"Kind of impressive, actually." We both watch as Skidmark layers his power into the air next to him - hurtling a collection of pebbles into it, blasting a building off to the side with the massively-accelerated results. "How long do you think he's got before he realises that even if he's grounded all of the flying bugs with his power, that doesn't mean they can't just crawl?"

Squealer pales as she realises my meaning. "Skidmark, you idiot-" I grab her wrist as she reaches out to the side.

"Non-interference, right? Whatever happens, happens." I wink. "Which is a great deal for you, by the way. Between you and me, I'm the strongest on the team - and it isn't particularly close. In the matchup between our teams, you're more than carrying your weight." I shrug. "And, besides. My teammates power may seem villainous and deadly, but she's actually the biggest softie of the group. All about arresting people properly, not brutalising villains - things like that. He'll be fine even when he loses."

Squealer clenches her fist in obvious frustration. "You expect me to just watch as we all get captured?"

"It's hardly my fault, I'm blameless here." I lie. "I mean, Skidmark sent you all out here. Skidmark hasn't sounded the retreat. Skidmark picked a fight with the heroes. Skidmark actually found a really good method of dealing with the bugs - something that completely kills my partner's ability to chase you all when you run - and then completely squandered it by deciding to stay in one place and bombard random houses on the street. What an idiot."

"He's not an idiot. He's just- distracted. He's got other things on his mind, and now a Cape fight out of nowhere - it isn't his fault." She defends quickly.

"That's nice of you to say." I state placidly. "Has he contacted you yet? If he had, he would know that the bugs are everywhere and he isn't going to hit my partner by just firing randomly in every direction. Does he even know if you're safe? Or did that not cross his mind yet? I'm not that kind of person - but I could have killed you pretty easily a long time ago and he would still be oblivious."

"He trusts me to handle myself." She almost sounds like she believes it herself.

"I'll take your word for it." I skim over to the next screen. Shadow Stalker had found Mush... and Mush seemed to have the advantage in the exchange. Understandable. Mush could be hidden pretty much anywhere inside that pile of trash, had greater speed and power - and Sophia's strongest weapon, phasing her crossbow bolts into the heart of the golem, was potentially lethal if she didn't know her target. Even a tranquiliser dart could kill if it materialised half-way through someone's throat or organs.

Well. I told her so. Bad matchup. Should have gone for Skidmark - telegraphed attacks, obvious weakness to both range and melee, weak to ambush tactics. Couldn't ask for more. And Taylor would obviously have handled Mush in seconds - her victory condition was probably already in-place right now, unlike Skidmark - who had managed to apply a repelling field on his clothes to wade through the hordes of grounded-bugs all around him.

Actually, it wouldn't be a surprise to me if Taylor was just hoping for Sophia to outright lose - only looking to step in if it looked like Mush was going to kill her. Taylor definitely seemed like she'd enjoy it if Shadow Stalker was the only one on the team to be defeated. She would definitely enjoy lording that one over the rival Cape for a long, long time.

I wouldn't entirely count Sophia out though. This wasn't battleboarding. Just because Mush should win, didn't mean that she would. The fact that Mush was probably just hoping to make a good showing and then sprint away to hide somewhere quiet was only one of the reasons I wasn't all that worried about my sort-of teammate.

A radio squawks. "Squealer! Squealer, you stupid- where are you? I need help. Stop slacking off and get over here!"

"Real appreciative." I drawl.

"That's just how he talks." She reaches her hand out, flicking my hand away. "I get it, we keep each other busy - we don't interfere. I won't say much." She clears her throat as her hand settles on a green button. "I'm busy fighting another Cape, and I'm protecting another group from the bug controller. Can't talk much right now."

The radio squawks again immediately. "Bitch, I wasn't asking. Do as I say - leave that fight and come here, stop trying to be fucking smart. Fuck the others. We're going to get wiped out if we don't gather up. Find Mush too, if she's slacking off at a time like this I'm going to throw her to the fucking dogs-" The line cuts out.

Squealer presses the button again, getting only static in return. "Fuck."

"Probably bugs inside the radio on his end, not your fault." I explain. "And don't think I didn't notice you slipping in that bit about the bug controller being here as well. I had such faith in you as well, I'm hurt."

"It's not that important." She deflects.

"No." I agree. "Because he's already lost."

Her eyes snap back to the screen at that. Skidmark is still surrounded by the protective layers of his power, but he's hammering his chest - slapping his legs. "They're under his clothes."

"Mm." I nod in commiseration. "Fighting against her is tough. At the start, you treat it like you're trying to keep mosquitos away - right? Cover up the obvious exposed skin, long sleeves, a few layers - cover up your nose, mouth and ears. But, those bugs aren't normal. They're not looking for real food or a drop of easy blood. They'll reach an obstacle and just start chewing through it. Or clambering under it. He probably didn't even realise that the bugs he's been stepping on were burrowing through his boots until they were already at his balls." Or not, but I wasn't supposed to know anything about that.

"For fuck's sake, Skids..." Squealer looks frustrated.

"Annoying, right? He just needed to expand his fields further out, walk a bit slower if he needed to. Every bug gets massively impacted by even the weakest of his fields. Honestly, it's a bit of a counter-matchup unless my teammate pulls out some of her best tricks-" Not that I expected Taylor to follow her challenge-self in firing weaponry and grenades via string-laden bug swarms. "-but personality and intelligence is part of how strong a person is too. I get it, I do. One time, I spent weeks - months, even - on PHO posting calculations and feats showing how Triumph literally could not lose to Hookwolf in a 1v1. The recharge time on his blasts, how far it knocks things of a certain weight, how long Hookwolf takes to recover and how fast he is - I had mathematically proven that if he just sits there and blasts him into the dirt on repeat, Hookwolf can't do a thing. After all of that, they actually fight for the first time - and the first thing Triumph does is stick his arm into the blender and gets rushed to Panacea. The whole thread was clowning on me, can you believe it?"

"I-" She adopts a confused expression. "I don't really use PHO much. Sorry. Not really my thing."

"Nobody is perfect." I forgive her. "And I got a bit off tangent. I guess I'm just saying I sympathise - seeing someone underperform by being dumb when you had a lot riding on their victory."

"I think seeing my gang - my family - on the brink of destruction is a bit more serious than losing an argument on the internet." She gives me a level look.

"Oh, you did get my example! Except, I didn't lose the argument - I was right in all respects. It's just, you know - idiot doesn't know how to use his powers right. Just like here, which is why I brought it up." I clear my throat. "Anyway, I'll be honest - you don't seem all too broken up about it to me. Already thinking about my offer to come to an arrangement?"

"It's not over yet. Mush is going to win her fight. We'll have one hostage each, we can exchange them - and we can all go our separate ways." Squealer squishes her arms against her ample chest.

"Technically, Shadow Stalker is a Ward - not one of ours. No idea what she's doing here. And, again - you're definitely my hostage here if we were counting. Save for our agreement to cancel each other out." I clarify quickly. "But, sure - we could do that. Or we could make a deal now. No need for any more violence at all. Here's the thing, I want to keep my group's reputation above board, so they aren't included in this - but on a personal level - I'd be quite interested in an... agreement with your gang. We work together on a few things. Nothing serious, nothing public. I'm not going to do crimes for you, you don't need to fight on my team. But my Tinker powers are - as you've already noticed - excellent at diagnosing problems very quickly. I can help you. I've got another power, which benefits very well from taking designs from superior Tinkers. You can help me." Leet's blade wasn't just a slab of metal. I couldn't draw that kind of sharpness into a design. It had taken work, countless hours of iteration and custom-built machinery to get something that sharp - and I could just skip to the final product. Forever. "And, aside from simple collaborations between two Tinkers - I would rather your position in the criminal underworld is improved, so long as it's at the expense of the ABB or the Empire. We can... make something work there, I'm sure."

"Is this a protection racket?" She questions bluntly.

I reel back, looking offended. "No, and my team would never approve of such a thing. This- this is just a thing between you and me. You're a weak gang. With weak fighters. It's pretty easy for you to run into trouble that you can't get out of. I'm just saying, in a situation like that - you could contact me. I'd be willing to loan you a favour or two for access to my strength. To the wider public, I wouldn't be helping you - but, rather, attacking the other gang that made so much noise. You get me?" I raise an eyebrow inquisitively.

"And what's in this for you?" She keeps her eyes glued to the screen as Shadow Stalker vanishes from sight, leaving Mush circling - trying to relocate the slippery Ward. "Sounds like a lot of risk for a hero to make, for very little gain. What if this all comes to light?"

"Aside from the Tinkering thing? I'm not so foolish as to think that I can end all crime in the city. It's all about keeping the right kind of groups in power. Nobody handled the Teeth until Marquis came along to drive them out. When he was captured, the Empire near enough ruled the city until Lung appeared and ripped their territory in half in a single week. If both gangs disappeared tomorrow, someone else would fill the void. Maybe someone worse. The Teeth again, perhaps? I want peace and tranquility in the Bay - quite a heroic goal, don't you think? And for that, I need the gangs to understand that they can't cross certain lines. I need them to understand that there is a wrong and a right time for them to make noise." I lean in. "I think Squealer's Merchants could be a gang like that."

"It's not 'my' Merchants-" Squealer hisses.

I interrupt. "No? Well. Skidmark's Merchants are about to be destroyed. Regardless of who wins, the PRT will arrive any second now. The heart of the gang annihilated because of a single fit of pique from their leader - too high or too drunk to care about the consequences his choices and his actions had on those around him. He's going to jail. So is Mush. So are you. So are all of those druggies passed out all over the place. Do you have any friends that will break you out?" I pause. "I thought not. Looks like that's the end for Skidmark's Merchants. But, what if Squealer quietly made a deal? If Squealer understood that a few sacrifices, a few compromises were necessary in the name of making a well-placed friend - maybe there's a way that the gang escapes the PRT's clutches tonight."

"And, what - you want loyalty? You want me dancing like your little puppet, or else you'll come back with your team to finish the job?" There's little heat to the words, almost resignation.

"No, no. I told you. This is an offer of friendship. Collaboration. Sure, I'll have suggestions - prices for any favours you need from me. But, if you truly never want to contact me again - there's no great need for you to reach out. I suppose we'll naturally clash as your gang grows, but I won't make a special effort to get revenge." I shake my head. "But I think you're overfocusing on the negatives. Did I mention my Tinker ability? Every twenty-four hours, as long as the materials are in a box like this-" I make an expressive gesture with my hands. "-and I have the design and understand it, I can instantly manufacture something. My power lets me skip every step of building it and go right to the end. I barely use that thing in real life, I don't really have the time or skill to draw up such things - I'd be willing to lend that aspect of my power to you. As a Tinker, I'm sure you can see how such a thing would be of great value to you. I can spy. I can get information out of anyone. I can heal. I'm extremely attractive. I can fight. Quite a lot to offer, for not so much in return - don't you think?"

"Tinker- you can heal?" She doesn't entirely seem to know what to focus on.

"Oh, certainly. In two entirely different ways, even. But, I'm not Panacea - I'm not a charity." I wink. "Everything has a price. It just all depends how much you're willing to pay."

"We have money, that isn't a problem." Squealer makes a wide gesture with her hands.

"So do I. It's not a priority for me." I wave her off. "No, I'd need to be paid in other ways for my help."

"Such as?" She scowls at me.

"Depends." I deflect. "What are you asking for?" I gesture at the screens. "In a few minutes - when that fight concludes, or when the PRT arrives - we'll need to conclude this fight we're pretending to have. Naturally, I win. I walk you out of here in cuffs - and not the fun kind. I'm not willing to just let you escape from me, but I don't really care if the PRT look like idiots. So, what do you want from me? What's the great escape plan?"

Squealer clasps her head in her hands. "I need- no. That won't work." She snaps her fingers. "Right. I've got a teleporter. It was designed as a reverse-ejection seat. If I get thrown from the car, it kicks in and yoinks me back to the backup-vehicles driving seat."

My eyes brighten. "Nice, got the design for that?"

"Nice? It's absolute genius - just, the vertigo and nausea makes you immobile and useless for a while afterwards. I can modify it to trigger on distance, give the beacon to Mush and she can carry us out of here - the PRT won't want to fight her if she takes the time to bulk up properly." She eyes my expectant expression. "And, no. I don't store design documents in my babies. They're in my workshop - my real one. That's not something I can give you right now, and I'm not really that comfortable giving you the location of our biggest safehouse in the city either."

"I'll find it eventually anyway, but - fine, I can negotiate." I rub my fingers together meaningfully. "What else have you got that you can trade? I'm leaning towards the more Tinker-y products, rather than just the generic, bulky war-machines you print out. Esoteric effects. Real game-changers. But I've got to be able to take it with me, with not too many questions asked."

Squealer drums her hands against the console in front of her. "Want an invisible car?"

Ooh. "Interested." Not so much in the car, but in whatever made it invisible. If that was something I could investigate and isolate - hopefully into something portable, or at least something that could be formed out of my Paste box... I could use that. Actual stealth was powerful, particularly if I didn't need to keep it going as my active power.

"Fine, it's yours." She abruptly stands, fishing a set of keys out of a drawer. "There. It's in the far-right corner from the entrance to the courtyard. Instructions are inside." She lets off a loud sigh. "That was supposed to be a birthday present for Skidmark."

"I'll appreciate it more." I wink. "I'll take those - and you need me to get your little gizmo to Mush?"

"And make sure both of us have the bracelets on before we get loaded onto the truck. Anywhere will do." Squealer appends.

"Sounds easy enough. They didn't exactly strip-search Oni Lee when I took him down, so I imagine it will be the same here." I nod in acceptance.

Squealer considers me for a moment. "And you need to let us escape afterwards. And your team needs to let us escape. No chasing down Mush."

"I can control myself. Keeping my bug controller from taking out Mush while she runs away with you two? I'll keep the price cheap. Let's leave it at a kiss and call it a day." I hum innocently at her outraged expression.

"I'm taken." She growls.

"It seems complicated to me - and I wasn't going to say anything if you weren't." I keep up my amused grin.

She sends me an incensed look. "I'm not a whore. I'm not- that's not who I am."

"Did I say you were? I think that's something you're so called 'partner' is likely to call you. Me? I'm just an appreciator of great beauty. One kiss. It doesn't have to mean anything. I'm just a hormonal teenager, right?" I lower my voice. "If such a small thing - one so obviously transactional - can threaten your relationship, was it really that much of one in the first place?"

Squealer swallows loudly, clearly biting down on a scathing response. "Just- Whatever. It's a waste for you. I'm not interested in you. It would have been smarter to barter for more Tinkertech. There won't be another chance."

"Spoken like someone who doesn't have a beautiful woman in front of them. I can't expect you to understand my feelings on the matter. If you think you've won on the negotiations, I'm happy for you." I hold my hand out. "It's a deal then?"

She takes it. "Deal. I need time to adjust the settings first, I need to undo my last modifications - I wanted it to work on everything I had, not just people."

"Work away, I can provide pointers if you need. We can settle things once you're emotionally ready." She glowers at me for that comment.

We settle back into the chair - Squealer modifying the teleporter beacon, and I'm watching the screens. After a few minutes, Taylor arrives in person to zip-tie and blindfold Skidmark. And Mush-

"Oho." My exclamation draws Squealer's attention, she follows my gaze - and turns pale.

Shadow Stalker had managed to find the angle to personally dive into Mush's frame, and while it couldn't be captured by the camera - it seemed pretty reasonable to assume that the result was that the two girls were abruptly sharing a very, very cramped space. Truthfully, it probably wasn't as sexy as I was picturing it in my head, Sophia fighting someone in such a tight space with free reign to use her power to swing and attack? Brutal. It's no surprise when the trash golem practically implodes as Mush hastily tries to retrieve her extended limbs to defend herself - but despite the incredible power that those tentacles seem to wield when laden with material, they hit like wet paper on their own. Just a few seconds later, an exhausted-looking Shadow Stalker drags Mush out of her trashcan - near-collapsing onto one knee before putting Mush into a basic armlock.

Hm. I'm actually impressed she won that - I'm almost sad that I missed most of it. The lack of sound was a shame too, the verbal abuse would have been a delight.

But more importantly... "Looks like the original plan is a bust." I offer.

Squealer grimaces, then tosses aside her tools - leaving the next bracelet half-untouched. "Fuck. New plan. We'll take over the prison truck after they put us in. I've got tools for that, we use it to steal high-end cars and trucks sometimes - this is no different. Just need you to handle the timing and act as a pilot, it isn't smart enough to handle itself."

"And what do you have to offer for me to do that?" I tilt my head curiously.

Squealer stiffens. "We already made this deal. You help us escape the PRT, and then we're even."

"No, I think it was something about getting a teleporter to Mush?" I place a finger on my chin as if trying to remember. "That might not be your plan anymore, but a deal is a deal." I lean towards her, whispering into her ear. "Of course, if you want another deal to negotiate a different plan - I'm all ears. Just remember. Our negotiation positions have significantly swung in my favour." I chuckle. "For a suggestion, how about you hand me that teleporter that you don't need any more?"

"This is months of work. Literal months. Maybe the single most important thing I own in my entire collection." The blonde utters, an almost dead tone in her voice.

"Months? But didn't I tell you? You can simply book my services, if we're going to be friends from now on. All you would need to do is show me the design and bring me the materials - I could create one for you every day for a week straight. I think this, barely-working prototype - stuck between two different versions - is near worthless compared to that." I explain. I knew the worth of my Tinker power. It wasn't worth much to me. But to Leet? To Armsmaster? To Squealer? Revolutionary. They'd kill for even a single use.

If I wasn't worried about being kidnapped and if it wasn't for the fact that I didn't really need money right now, I'd already be advertising my services to Toybox.

"Except I have no intention of ever seeing you again after this." Squealer scowls. "Let alone hand over one of the greatest features I've ever designed for one of my babies to a- a thief."

"Your choice. I'm just saying, I'm available. I meant every word I said earlier. We don't need to be enemies. It could be a lucrative, enjoyable partnership for everyone involved." I kick my feet up onto the console. "Anyway, if you don't need my help - that's fine. I'll just wait around until the PRT show up, then we can head out together."

I get silence in response to that. A full minute of silent stewing, half-audible mumbling and an all-too-brief attempt to reach out to the weapon control system. My ash clone slaps that hand away, and she startles at the realisation that my silent guardian has been sitting behind us for a long time now. Outnumbered from the moment I sat down.

"...I'm-" She straightens, face taking a serious expression. A hint of anger, a hint of bitterness and a hint of resignation. But, a hint of hope as well. "-I'm ready to make a deal." And already, the flush of embarrassment on her face as she mentally considers exactly what she needs to offer for my cooperation.

Maybe it seems like I'm twisting her arm a bit here. I almost seem like the bad guy. But - any other hero would have beaten her up already and she'd be waiting for a pickup to the cells any moment now. At which point, I'd loot all the Tinkertech she left behind that I could carry. I might sound like an asshole, but I was genuinely offering great deals here that nobody else would.

And besides. She didn't have to be a villain - she can hardly complain when things don't go her way in her career. Villains lose. Heroes win. That's how it is.

And I'm the hero of this story.



"Void!" Tay- Arachne bounds up to me as I march Squealer onwards. "You won too, good. I was worried when that truck left my range. At that speed, a crash would have been-"

"Oh, hey Arachne - wave to PHO! I'm recording our victory speech." I tilt the phone towards her. Taylor stiffens, straightens and then slowly, woodenly waves to the camera. "Everyone's favourite bug hero and I just completely wiped the floor with Skidmark and his gang. I've got Squealer here, and here's Skidmark on the floor - and that's Mush sulking in the corner over there. I'm not going to point the camera at her, she doesn't have a mask on - basic decency, right?" Mush makes a frantic gesture at the sound of my voice, as if to summon help to aid in her escape. I discretely give her a thumbs-up and a shushing gesture as I pan the camera around the scene.

"Probably best not to show her anyway." Taylor mumbles under her breath. "Won't stop crying about not wanting to patrol the Boardwalk ever since she got here - I'm starting to feel like I'm the bad guy."

Sophia has already made herself scarce, and Taylor seems to be on the same page. Shadow Who? Definitely wasn't with us. I don't know if that will really stick in this day and age - someone probably caught the fight, but I'm not going to be the one to snitch. And personally, I was fine with people thinking we pulled off the 2v3 against the Capes of the Merchants while its in the news cycle. If she gets caught, she has an awkward conversation with her boss about unsanctioned patrols - but she knew the risks, and she made her own decisions.

I nudge Skidmark with my foot. He's... pretty out of it. Blindfolded too. Something skitters out of his nose. Yeuch. "Anyway, as you can see - a pretty excellent haul from us today. Just waiting for the PRT to get around to sending someone to pick these guys up - so this video is a little bit of bragging from us, but also a warning to the other gangs. They better be shaking in their boots knowing we're out here, getting ready to give them a bloody nose too!"

"Speaking of which, the PRT is here." Arachne murmurs, glancing at the lights in the distance.

"Taking bets on who they send. Velocity would already be here, because showing up to pick up people who are already beaten is the only thing he can do - so he's probably on vacation or they just gave up on him and fired him. Armsmaster isn't around right now. Dauntless would be here already if they were sent out. I'm thinking Assault and Battery."

"It seems like Miss Militia again." She tells me after a moment of concentration. "I think."

"Kill the mystery for me, why don't you." I gripe. I wanted the power of those two. A bit of wishful thinking wasn't wrong, was it?

Not that Miss Militia was bad. I'd gotten a lot stronger since the last time I faced her challenge. Making some progress should be easy enough. It was just a shame that they hadn't sent more heroes out.

Sure enough, a pair of marked vehicles rolls up a minute later. One transport van and one escorting car. A few PRT troops step out and fan out towards us, while Miss Militia exits and hastens towards us with professional purpose.

"Looks like that's it for our bragging rights video. Handing these clowns over to Miss Militia now. Void, out!" I tilt the phone towards Taylor.

"U-um. I'm Arachne. Thank you." She squeaks out. I give her a level look as her cheeks turn red.

I wordlessly close the livestream. "Thank you?"

"I panicked! I wasn't- PHO is your thing! I didn't know what to say!" She groans. "People are going to watch that, it's like being thrust up on stage - I needed a warning!"

Miss Militia clears her throat. "Apologies for interrupting. Void Cowboy. Arachne. A pleasure to see you again. I'm happy to see you still in good health." Translation - I'm glad you aren't dead, even though we were really trying to play fearmonger last time we met.

"Yeah, great to see you too. You're a bit late." I upload the video along with the new thread about our victory. Bring on the comments, haters.

"The city is busy." She states simply. "I'll take these three off your hands." She makes a gesture to the PRT officers to bring them forward. Skidmark is quickly bundled into the back of the van, while one officer races to find a temporary mask for Mush.

I switch to my administrator power to shift my perspective. My ash clone wordlessly fiddles with a controller as I recall our 'planning session'.

"You know, I never said you had to use tongue - but I do appreciate the bonus." My hands squeeze Squealer's ass lightly as we break away from each other.

"Shut up and listen - if you mess this up, it's all fucked." Squealer would probably claim the red in her face is all from anger and indignation, but if you ask me she agreed to this a little easily in the end. "Each wheel needs to be hit with the right marker. Once all of them are marked - correctly - you can activate the system. The system will essentially launch four autonomous units to the places you hit - and those units will seek out, latch on and then essentially raise the entire vehicle - acting as an entirely new set of wheels below them, operating according to the remote instructions. The wheels are in pairs and cant be reconfigured, if you hit the wrong side or do it back-to-front, the piloting system just won't work at all-"

"Front then back, left to right. New wheel-drone things appear the moment they stop somewhere on the route, lift the truck onto themselves, we drive it off and they can't do a thing about it because they aren't touching the ground anymore. Drive it into a Merchant stronghold and free everyone at gunpoint. It's so simple, even I can get it." I hum in acknowledgement, squeezing my handholds harder to get a real appreciation for her body. I was allowed to touch certain areas until she was ready to leave here in cuffs - some pretty fine negotiating on my part. Coupled with the stash of loot that my ash clone was holding, I was feeling pretty good about this.

Spilling the beans on my Tinker power had definitely been the right move. The more she thought about it, clearly the less she valued what she currently had. She'd demanded a demonstration before agreeing - and, fortunately, the cooldown for my Paste box didn't mean anything if I used it inside a simulation. The moment I whipped up her hastily-scribbled powertool design out of discarded waste, I just doubled - tripled - the size of the haul she was willing to give me.

Front left tyre. My ash clone marks the wheel, an imperceptible flicker of something leaving the targeting device as it clicks. On the screen, a splatter appears on the wheel - an unnatural glow indicating the successful hit. Not visible to my eyes, nor did I hear a thing. What was it, special radioactive paintballs? Some kind of liquid? Energy blast? The clone stands, then repositions for a better angle for the second shot.

"You better." She sighs, stiffening slightly as I oh-so-slowly work my way to the front of her body. Along her hips, then slowly up - to the bountiful melons being repressed by her shirt. Squeeze. Mine. "Focus!"

"We had a deal." I remind her. Squeeze. Could I have pushed for more? Maybe, maybe not. Truth is, I'd said a lot to Squealer about my intentions - and while it wasn't anything too crazy, if she wanted to go scorched-earth, go to prison out of spite and loudly start talking to anyone who would listen about me - it might raise some awkward questions for me later. Hidden agreements and working arrangements... nothing too serious, but maybe it might cast doubt on my golden-boy reputation. I didn't want to push too hard and ruin my win here - I'd gotten what I wanted out of the conversation, and more.

Squealer almost looked like she was having doubts about her decision to lean on teenage horniness to help save her stash of Tinkertech resources.

"I know." She makes a strange expression as I cup her breasts, supporting them for a moment before letting them succumb to gravity again. "Just- focus. It's important."

"I'm focusing on the important things." I promise her, fingers tracing over her clothed nipples. Peaky. "Don't worry so much, I have a lot riding on our future partnership too. Front left-"

-front right. The second shot fires home. The administrator-powered clone doesn't breathe, and there's no possibility of human error. I have it confirm the hit on the screen again, then reposition once more.

Miss Militia turns to fully face us. "Have you, by any chance, reconsidered your stance on the Wards? We haven't heard from you about power testing, even though you indicated you were interested in the idea." There's a certain note of exasperated repetition in her voice.

I smile. "Do we have to do this song and dance every time? I think we're doing fine for now. I won't rule it out for the far future, but right now? Couldn't be happier with my current team." I pull Arachne close with a grin, letting her squirm in embarrassment before one of her heroes.

"Am I wrong in saying this seems a little off-theme for you?" I probe, back to lightly groping her ass again - hands tracing along her inner thigh, absently wishing that I'd been a little bolder about where I could and could not let my hands roam in the initial deal. Ah, who was I kidding. Even if I did get a little further, I'd always wish that I asked for more. I'd want a handjob next, then a titjob - all the way up until I was breeding her over the console. I definitely wouldn't have gotten that far, so I may as well just be content that I did pretty well for myself and leave the rest for my future self to strive towards. This was only with a single relationship boost. One! And I already had her like this - even if it was arguably under duress. She still chose this. "Mini drones flying through the streets, attaching a wheel to something - you do monster trucks. Tanks. That boat-thing that Dauntless blew up."

"That bitch-" She snarls, momentarily forgetting about my actions. "-don't remind me of that. I'll get my own back on him one day - that walking insult to Tinkers everywhere!" She mentally reviews my question. "Urgh. You're sort of right, actually. It was never supposed to be what it is now. It just... naturally fell into the carjacking role when we ran into a rough spot for money, and it worked so well we never took it back for its original purpose. It was one of the first things I built that wasn't directly part of a truck. Originally, it was something that would let me convert a four-wheeled truck into an eight-wheeled one while on the move. Or, to twelve, sixteen - or even just getting back to four wheels if one was damaged somehow. More traction, specific tyre types, replacing worn or punctured tyres - it seemed like there were a lot of use cases for it back when I started. Reality was, it was more useful on paper than in real life. It's far, far easier to just protect the tyres and have great traction and versatility in the first place, compared to how awkward it is to plan out complex tricks in the middle of the street."

"At least you're getting some use out of it. I'm sure a lot of Tinkers look at their early works and cringe at how bad they were. Busting yourself out of a prison van with some of your earliest, most amateur work? That's got to boost the ego a bit." I trace a finger along her back, sliding under her shirt.

"Maybe. But only if it actually works. It's just as likely that something goes wrong, or Armsmaster shows up and he sees the whole thing on a scanner from a mile away." She looks over her shoulder at me. "There's really too many things that could go wrong, you should just let me go instead."

"Armsmaster is in New York. Big conference of all the leader-types." I dismiss. "And, I can't do that. It will be blatantly obvious that I deliberately let you go - I know you haven't seen me in action but I really couldn't possibly lose to you in melee. My teammate would know something was wrong, and they definitely wouldn't let you rescue the others alone either - they'd at least be able to delay until the other heroes show up."

"Worth a try." She sighs.

"Oh, definitely. Stall all you like." I trace along her underboob. "The longer you take to finish, the more time I get - that works out for both of us."

"Savour it, virgin - it's the last time you'll ever touch a woman." She snaps, face glowing red. "After the drones are deployed, switch over to the secondary console - they each have cameras and a decent autopilot, but no real sense of timing. Left to their own devices, they'll fuck it up and try to take the van on an open road where it can dodge and weave if they see it coming. Traffic lights, crossroads - you can work it out, right? This is critical-"

Back left. Fire. Check. Reposition.

"Um, Miss Militia?" Arachne hesitates, glancing over to where Squealer was being seated inside the van. "Have you- uh. Have you heard anything from the police? I initially assumed that you'd be taking everyone in when you arrived, but there's just one van - and there's- well. There's hundreds of these guys."

She puts on a complicated expression. "Ah, the police are often stretched over-capacity - with things being busy for us, I'm sure they're struggling to answer everywhere as well." She flicks from a pistol to a some kind of concealed knife as she rubs her forehead in a pained gesture. "I don't want to speak for them, but it's not entirely uncommon for the police to ask Capes to allow the unpowered members free - especially in large, chaotic gatherings like this."

"What!?" Arachne exclaims, sounding incensed. "That's- they're gang members! They were raiding houses earlier! Doing drugs! There were women-" She cuts herself off. "This is the majority of the Archer's Bridge Merchant's, I've tied them up and everything! It's done. I've done it - just, take them in!"

"It's not quite that easy for the police. Fitting a few hundred people into cells, it's a massive endeavour involving a huge amount of manpower that can't respond to other, potentially life-threatening calls. And then, processing them all. Actually holding them, convicting them - could you provide evidence in a court of law sufficient to convict them, not for simply being near or around a gang congregation, but for a specific crime? For all of them? There's little in the way of camera footage around here, few unbiased witnesses - if they just call you a liar, is the verdict beyond all reasonable doubt?" Miss Militia challenges her.

She takes in Taylor's broken-hearted expression, only partly concealed by her face mask.

She continues, an obvious pang of frustration in her voice. "It's infuriating. I know. I've often felt the same way. Some of those present here today will be largely harmless, only interested in indulging vices - others likely deserve to be rotting in jail, and if we had more resources in this city, perhaps they would be. As it is, the police must prioritise - to ensure the people committing the most serious crimes now, are caught and punished. And do our best to create a city where any wrongdoers who didn't learn their lesson today, are quickly caught the next time they decide to ply their misbegotten trade."

"Nature of living in Brockton Bay. Third-lowest police-to-gangmember ratio in the country for cities our size and above. Learned that on the last trivia quiz on the Brockton Bay PHO board." I shrug as both heroines turn to me. "It sucks, sure - but these guys, they don't really matter that much in the wider scheme of things. They felt safe acting up like this because they had Capes on speeddial to cover their asses if anything went wrong. Without them, the Merchants basically won't exist anymore. Just a bunch of drug dealers going back to doing their own thing. That's still a win in my book." Arachne still looks doubtful. "Here, you'd call it a massive win if we took out every single Cape in the Empire. Even if there were still unpowered guys running around - even if we had to let them go, the face of the city would be forever changed, wouldn't it?"

"I suppose. It just- this feels terrible. I really have to let them go? Like nothing happened?" Arachne looks despondent.

"I think they'd probably disagree that something happened. Being mobbed by a biblical swarm and being effortlessly neutralised by it is probably going to stick in their memories for a while. Nothing says you can't put the fear of god in them, right?" I smile. "You could even make a big scene as you free them, a huge swarm of hungering, slavering insects rushing towards them - they think they're about to be eaten, and you pass all around them, only eating away at the ties holding them in place." Taylor huffs air out of her nose at that.

"That would be wildly irresponsible." Miss Militia cuts in sternly. "The heat of conflict is one thing, but if they were to have a panic attack due to your joke - you would be the one responsible for the fallout. The consequences could follow you for the rest of your life. This is why we suggest the Wards, you're a child - inexperienced with your powers. You need guidance, mentors - people who can help make sure that you don't make a terrible mistake that you can never undo. It's easy, so easy, to underestimate the damage you could do-"

I scowl. Total killjoy moment, Miss Militia. You've already hit Taylor's trigger button, and you've just hit mine as well. Don't play the experience card against me, you couldn't know - but it really pisses me off being condescended to by a complete amateur with a fraction of my combat history. Let's get this out of the way now. "Challenge."

It has been a while. Since I tried this challenge. I tried it, one time? I think. My memory was a little foggy. A simple ZONE challenge - she's perched on a building at one end of the street, ruined cars and obstacles everywhere - and I have to navigate my way along the street to the end to kill her. A snipers wet dream, even without Miss Militia's ability to never need to reload. No alleyways, no permanent defences to shelter behind. Just a lengthy killzone scattered with potential cover if only you could break line of sight for just a moment.

Last time I was here, I was a different guy. Fresh off of the Oni Lee fight. Actually, I don't think I even had that power yet - didn't I try this one first? I've gotten some new powers and upgrades since then, but the experience is probably just as important here.

I need to start fast - I remember the starting area isn't safe. Quickfire time. Summon ash clone, gift administrator, gift Mush's powerset. Ash clone hides, and I start running. Vista, into shadow state, into second shadow state into- that's a nicely-positioned, half-broken door. Thank you. Just the right size for clockblocking, and it's even got a transparent area to peek through. Clockblock. Safe. Momentarily, at least. I've already had a half-dozen shots fired my way before I reach the door, and the instant I seem to stop - a true barrage is directed towards me. Bullets falling like rain, but not even slightly threatening the clockblocked shield. I leave Glory Girl's shield active, just in case I get unlucky with a bouncing bullet.

Just need to wait. There's two options for her here. Realise that normal bullets are ineffective, and try to hit me with AOE - or realise that behind me there's a slowly growing monstrousity forming out of broken cars, shattered windows and ruined walls.

The former to start with. The first rocket explodes ineffectually on the door, kicking up dust and debris all across the street - for a moment, I wonder if I should take the moment to shadow state away, hide behind another car and just generally take advantage of the fact that she could easily lose sight of me in the chaos. I remain put. I've got safer options, so I don't need to take a risky approach away from my shield - namely, the fact that the knight is growing, and making its way down the street. Slowly. I don't want it to catch up with me, because there's no way she isn't going to be blasting that with rockets soon and I want to be out of the blast radius.

Another rocket, this one towards the car at my side. I'm fortunate enough to glimpse the missile as it fires - spending one of my recovered shadow-state charges rather than waste the valuable forcefield. Another? A third shot flies overhead, my knight predictably tanking it centre-mass. It blasts apart some of the gathered mass... but gathering that mass up again was precisely what the power was meant to do. So long as the ash clone, hiding itself near the base of the left 'leg', was undamaged - her efforts would be futile. A fourth explosion. A fifth. I have the knight lumber forward at a faster pace, and activate my speed-state.

Three seconds where I was truly vulnerable. Where, for the first time in this challenge, I truly had no protection or way out if I was targeted. Simply landing any rocket nearby during the paralysis could potentially kill me.

But the distraction does its job. The knight lumbers forward, into an increasingly absurd barrage. From one RPG into the next, she keeps firing. And by the time she thinks to pause, perhaps when her vision of the knight is utterly obscured by smoke and dust anyway - I'm already gone, closing the remaining distance between my position and the end of the street in just a few seconds - little more than a speeding blur through the smoke while she was aiming down her sights at the giant knight. I exit my speed-state at the base of the building, then phase inside. Traps? Mines? None that I could see. I keep Glory Girl's shield up between shadow states anyway - moving between floors and keeping sound to a minimum.

My knight keeps advancing. I had thought that she would escalate to heavier weaponry, the kind that would destroy the entire street - and, by proxy, the highly-vulnerable clone fuelling all of this - but no. Perhaps its just a feature of the challenge - at least, at this first level of her challenges. Or, perhaps this was just accurately simulating her 'rules of engagement'. Only weapons of a certain level allowed within the city? That seemed like the kind of thing she would abide by, and it wasn't that uncommon for fighting styles and policies to stick around like that in some challenges.

But without that weaponry, I had a cheat code. Unless she started bombarding the base of the giant, it would win this thing alone. Almost a shame, I think I'm fully capable of beating this challenge entirely without it.

But I won't say no to the distraction. I don't see Miss Militia often. Who knows when I'll next get the chance. I surge up to her floor - her position long-since given away by the continuous rocket fire. She hears me coming. She shifts to a pistol. Wrong choice. Pinch space. Shadow state. Grapple. Punch, shadow state again as she shifts her weapon - an erratic burst of gunfire aimed with a gun awkwardly pinched at an angle between her fingers. I hurl her to the ground, stomping that hand as the gun shifts and she fires again. I kick at the head as she attempts to block, the gun shifting from one hand to the next. Glory Girl's shield to protect me for long enough to deliver a blow to the head. She's fit. Motivated. Clearly trained in melee combat. Clearly trained in finding angles to get fire her gun in these types of scenarios.

It doesn't matter. I'm better. I'm stronger.

She backpedals - pushing herself back to her feet weapon shifting to-

"A fucking knife?" I can't keep the disbelief from my voice as I surge forward. "Against me? Me?" I enter the shadow state again, partly to dodge her attempt to disembowel me, partly to disguise my own wind-up for an overhead punch. I exit the shadow state, switching straight into preparing an echo as I do my best to knock her head off with my hit. Solid connection, obviously dazed - I don't push my advantage, I go for her hand as she flails.

Crack, snap. She screams in pain even as she attempts to hurl me towards the floor for over-reaching.

No more problems from swapping to that hand. The weapon reappears in the other. Another knife. Vicious. Serrated.

Insulting. "As if people haven't been trying?" Elbow to the face. "As if a hundred people better than you didn't have the same idea. Let's go at him with a knife! That will do it!" Arm overextended. I bite, copper filling my mouth as she screams in pain. "You think I could ever make it this far if a guy with a knife was even worth thinking about anymore? With a power insistent on stacking the scales for everyone that isn't me, a knife barely even registers anymore." I hold the weapon arm away, leaving the other free as she attempts to grapple me with her legs instead of contesting with her broken hand. Slam onto the ground. "This is the person that wants to lecture about experience? Get this into your head. I'm past this! I've moved on! I'm stronger than you, I'm faster than you, I'm more experienced than you. Killed more than you. Died more than you. Faced knife-fighters a hundred times more than you. Faced guns a thousand times more than you."

I drag her up, shoving her back in the direction I came from - right into the Echo I'd been storing ever since this exchange started. A clean, perfect connection. She collapses bonelessly to the floor, completely unprepared for the hit.

I consider her for a moment, just about to kneel down and wrap my hands around her throat until the environment starts fading around me. "So I'm not taking the lecture. And don't pull a knife out again. What a joke. I can think of a dozen better choices from that position. It's like you downgraded yourself to not even having a power." I glance outside the window, considering the giant 'face' of the knight that fills the entire window - patiently waiting for me to finish the 1v1. Just the way I wanted. "I shouldn't complain. It's the first challenge. The tough part was probably supposed to be reaching her in the first place."

Maybe I'm a bit emotional. Maybe I'm more annoyed at my own circumstances than anything she said or did. Maybe I'm already wound-up because I know that, despite beating a Cape who's power is literally 'I have weapons' I know for a fact that my power is going to find a way to screw me over and keep me defenceless.

I glower up at the rewards screen as it appears. "I swear if you don't give me a weapon one way or another-"

SUCCESS

Reward: Night Watch (Toggle)​

I ignore that for a moment. Not something I need to investigate right now, just on the off-chance that my hand suddenly sprouts an AK47 in front of Miss Militia. They probably have some of the 'leaked' details about how my power 'works' by now - but I didn't expect anyone to be comfortable with seeing a power thief in action. Even if I had done more to earn the power than they ever had.

Miss Militia

Heroine 2/6

(CAGE)​

Odd. "Challenge." Actually, maybe it isn't that strange. It wasn't crazy to think that the intended 'early' way to beat the first challenge was to make her lose track of me in the field of cover rather than brute-forcing my way through. A focus on stealth over power and speed. That guy, that I'd only seen in challenges so far - Grue? Obvious choice. A flier might be able to slip up and away unnoticed. A continuously-respawning ash clone could keep her near-permanently occupied until she realised the trick. A bit of blind-luck and something to protect yourself might leave her doubting you had remained at the start location after the opening barrage, giving you time to sneak towards her as she searches the rest of the street for movement. Surviving an explosive by any means at all would create a dust cloud to hide in that even an unpowered person could use.

None of which was possible in the open environment of the CAGE. White room, typically few, if any obstacles to speak of - which meant that the challenger needed the ability to withstand an immediate, unceasing rain of bullets and take the fight to her. A ranged ability, a raw brute rating, enough temporary protective abilities like my forcefield and shadow state - or just the pure ability to close the gap fast. I could see it. It's a radically different check to the previous fight.

But one that I comfortably clear. Easier, even - than the one before it. Vista to lead, shrinking the space between us. Summon my ash clone as close to her as the power would allow me to spawn it, charge in. The ash clone is gunned down. Spawn it again, shadow state as she immediately turns the spray of bullets towards me. Spawn again, behind her this time now that I'm so much closer. She tries to backpedal in the face of my charge, still blindly firing as I sink the next shadow state charge into keeping myself alive - and then my clone has finished forming, bludgeoning the back of her head in a clean hit. She guns it down again, wasting time turning back and forth between us.

And now I'm here. And now my ash clone is already reforming. Killed so quickly that the cooldown may as well not even exist. She shifts to a shotgun, diving to the side rather than get pincered between us. Shadow state, and by the time I exit, I return to the physical world already clutching both of her arms. My ash clone catches up a moment later, I swap my power to it to update its instructions for the new circumstances - it reaches out to touch my shoulder, and I immediately gift it administrator and the echo powerset.

I keep her pinned in place as my ash clone rains down blow after blow onto her skull, every attack echoed before the next is even ready to loose. At some point, the frantic attempts to spray me at some impossible angle with gunfire stops - and the struggle to free her arms stops soon after.

It almost feels unfair. All the powers in the world, and she gets the one that is barely different to a well-equipped regular person once the combat range gets close enough that explosives are no longer an option.

And I don't struggle with regular people anymore.

SUCCESS

Reward: Miss Militia+​

I'll take it.

Another round? The second version of her power reward would surely be a ranged weapon for me, right?

Miss Militia

Heroine 3/6

(LUST)​

I pause at that. "Challenge." That was worth a think. The single-modifier challenges seemed to be a theme, but this was definitely the most concerning one yet.

Because the wiki never, ever had any mention of limits on the kinds of portable, 'standard' weapons that she could make. Even when asked directly in interviews, the true thrust of the question everyone wants to know gets avoided or deflected.

Can you make a mini-nuke? Are you actually the strongest Cape in the Bay?

The world wants to know. I want to know.

And it looks like I'm going to find out.

I don't recognise the area, but it doesn't seem too dissimilar to the first challenge. Street level, and that elevated building in the distance seemed all-too-suspicious. But the alleyways aren't blocked off by the ZONE wall this time, so I can approach from any angle I like.

Which seems easier, I think?

And I haven't been immediately fired on, so either she hasn't looked in this direction yet - or her 'aggro' hasn't been activated.

I glance around before moving. Quiet. So quiet. No cars, no birds. I can't even hear the waves from here. Kind of spooky, honestly. I dip into the nearest alleyway, then emerge into the next street over. An automatic door opens as I move past a store - one lone light flicking on in response. I ignore it.

I freeze as another sound, a series of increasingly-fast beeps, breaks through the silence from a distant building - one not even visible from this angle. Then, the sound of something launching. I immediately shift into the shadow state, then into the second when nothing seems to happen-

FAILURE​

I swear viciously at the immediate white screen. Then frown in confusion as the white fades away.

Ah. I see. That wasn't the post-challenge world-deconstruction effect. That was just the raw light, heat and sound from being at ground zero. Only now, a few moments after the worst of the light from the blast has bled away - is it possible to see the usual grey-and-white effect bleeding into my vision as the challenge ends.

An empty street surrounds me. A truly empty street. Because there are no houses. No shops. Not even the road beneath me is recognisable as that anymore. I'm sitting in a crater big enough to fit the entirety of Winslow inside, a few times over. Sports fields and all. Evasion, impossible.

Question answered, I suppose.

Yes. The mini-nukes are real.

Guess I was kind of asking for that one.

It's a simple trick. Fair, too. That was it. That was the trap. Approach the building at the centre of this city, but don't make a sound - not even the slightest blip. Don't ever be seen. Because if she gets the slightest inkling of which quarter of the city you are in - that quarter isn't going to exist anymore. And it wasn't like that attack just now was a one-time thing. She could rapid-fire those if she wanted. And she would, assuming she didn't immediately see the victory screen.

Meh. I'm okay with this. Unless my second attempt lets me speed-state my way right up to her shooting perch without her noticing because she was looking in the wrong direction, I'm okay with this just being a particularly tough challenge for me. Bad matchup for my current powers. My best bet would be sneaking from house-to-house using the shadow state - but if I'd been rumbled by an automatic door, I don't doubt that I'd run into similar troubles on that path too. One motion-detecting light suddenly lights up a window? I'll bet she notices that in a city that is otherwise absolutely dead.

Something to think about. A puzzle to be solved, more than something to brute force. Which I wouldn't mind if I saw Miss Militia a lot - I could be assured that I'd find a nice route eventually and be able to claim the win. But that wasn't going to happen soon.

I was okay with that. I'd gotten my extra wins, a bit of extra icing on top of a great day. And I'd calmed down from my annoyance at her attempted lecture just a moment ago in-real-life.

"Yeah, we'll have to deal with the consequences." Taylor interrupts as reality resumes. "Unlike the consequences of joining a gang and terrorising the city I guess. No consequences for that at all." Taylor turns away, sounding bitter. "There's a few people restrained that my bugs won't be able to free - I'll go and free them now, I guess." I half-turn to follow, only for her to shake her head. "Alone. I just want some time to cool down. It's not a big deal, I'm just- tired of people getting away with things because it doesn't seem important enough to the right people."

"Arachne-" Miss Militia's shoulders slump.

"She'll be fine." I murmur quietly. "It's just, her heroic persona is pretty much the only good thing going for her right now. She wants to matter, be seen and recognised - if you take away her heroic achievements, her self-esteem goes along with it. Give her enough time to think, she'll come around to seeing today as a success to be proud of. And she'll definitely be upset about the tone she took with you. She's a big fan, you know."

"Which only makes it easier for me to disappoint her expectations of me." I blink at her tone. "I should apologise. To her and to you. You were trying to lift your teammates mood with a light joke, and I ruined it with an ill-timed lecture on responsibility. It isn't- I suppose I was recycling old speeches without thinking about the exact wording I need." She sounds regretful. "I don't truly think you are irresponsible. Your presence here, your resolve to fight as heroes despite the danger - the obvious skill and planning you've employed in your quick response to the outbreak of activity here. It's commendable. I don't mean to take that away from you."

"I don't think you need to worry about it. I understand. Arachne will too, once she calms down. It's not exactly like you started talking crazy for a moment there. You don't want us to go to jail, you'd like for us to be safe and preferably away from the serial killers with superpowers. I'm not going to start yelling at you for that." I consider her for a moment. "You won't change my mind, this isn't a fight I'm willing to run away from. But I respect where your feelings are coming from."

"It's nice of you to be understanding, but I'm not convinced that your teammate agrees." Her scarf shifts, some unseen expression on her face. "Although, she didn't seem too pleased to see me even before I said anything. I suppose she was anticipating the Wards speech before I said a word."

"We do hear it a lot. For understandable reasons. We wouldn't hold it against you, we know you're kind of obliged." I eye the direction Taylor left in, already gone into the darkness.

Unseen, my ash clone nails its fourth shot.

"If I'm not allowed to miss, why are there twenty shots in the box?" I peer at the container in confusion before returning to my holy task of kneading the breasts in front of me.

"I told you, it wasn't a carjacking thing originally. Add twenty smaller wheels onto my original babies, it was basically the same as treads. But, not much call for that in the middle of the city." She closes the box for me. "Didn't need it, but making more was easy with the resources I had. So I did. You don't need them here."

"Hm. No shooting twice just to be sure then?" I note.

"Definitely not." She confirms. "Actually, if you want to shoot something, hit a bunch of the vehicles they send as an escort. Just one or two tires, don't worry about the order. They're a real fucking bitch to detach once they latch on, so they won't be chasing anyone with half of their car held up in the air."

The ash clone realigns the device, then fires once at the sole escort car. Step one, complete. The ash clone turns, and sprints - the shadow state stirring to life to let it slip seamlessly across the rooftop, back towards the inconspicuous-looking garage that served as the 'parking' for Squealer's mobile command centre. Time for step two.

"Obliged?" Miss Militia shakes her head. "The support system the Wards provided - I know exactly how good it can be for any child with powers. I needed it, thrived in it. It saved my life in a way that had nothing to do with the safety it offered - I don't advocate for it because its convenient or because its policy, I truly believe that it's the best choice for any underage Cape in America."

"I don't doubt that. Not even going to argue it. I'm smart enough to recognise that I might not be making the smart move, if that makes sense. Protection, power-testing, an easy career, a wage for doing pretty much nothing, experts helping you train with powers, nobody in the city really wants to do make a serious life-or-death move against you - the Wards is a pretty good deal. It's helped a lot of people. I'm sure, in less fortunate countries, there's child-capes that would kill for anyone to have that kind of support and assistance through life." I tilt my head. "But it holds people back too. I- we, would never have been able to capture Oni Lee in the Wards. Or have a day like today, where we see a gang causing trouble and show up to near-enough wipe them out - rather than just shooing them back into their territory. We've made ten times the difference on our own than we could have made with the Wards. Some things are just... more important than what is strictly, selfishly best for us alone."

Her eyes soften. Damn, I'm good with these heroic speeches. They're almost enough to convince me that I have altruistic motives.

"You shouldn't have to think that way. We should be the ones making decisions like that." She continues before I can interrupt. "Not because you're too irresponsible, but because you've done nothing wrong to deserve the need to make a choice like that. Fighting like this - it can change you. I worry about the two of you - what might happen if you're forced into a corner without support. People like Oni Lee, like Lung - they aren't the type to shy away from killing to get what they want. If you're killed, if you're forced to kill to save yourselves-"

I make a cutting gesture with my hands. "We're not going into this planning to kill someone. Have you seen Arachne? Epi-pens, first-aid kits all over the place. She has her bugs follow behind her carrying them now every time she goes on patrol. I think she puts more effort into saving our enemies than she does hurting them."

"Nobody goes into a patrol thinking they're about to kill someone for the first time. It's not about preparation or your intentions. I'm not talking about your moral character here and now - I think you're good people." She pauses heavily for a moment. "Even if it isn't your fault, even if it's justified - killing can change you. It's a moral line you can't climb back across, it's always an option in the back of your mind - instead of a red line in the sand, it's calculus. I don't want that for you."

Ah, this got a bit serious. But I've definitely been making myself sound like I have hidden, mature depths so far in this conversation - and I can practically feel the approval radiating off of her every time I say something sombre and wise, and I don't think its entirely because I just got a relationship boost with her. I just need to keep channelling the wise, veteran leader-figures from my games and my approval rating with her is going to skyrocket. "I don't want that for Arachne either. Or myself, but - mostly her." She frowns at that. "I don't want to, put too fine a point on things - I'm sure it's an awkward topic for you guys right now. But with all those Thinkers and reports you get, I'm guessing you guys have a fair inkling about the nature of my powers by now? As a Trump."

She remains silent at that. Mhm. I wonder, was it a coincidence that they'd sent only a single Cape out to meet the known power copier? One of the same ones as last time? Minimising the potential gain I could get? Or was I being too cynical?

I nod. "The lack of an answer says yes. I don't honestly know what kind of power level I'm going to stabilise at. I might never get above the level I am now, maybe I'll share a spot with Dauntless and stay there - or maybe I'll be Triumvirate level if I don't find a limit to the potential copies I can gain. If that's the case, I need to accept the fact that I might need to get my hands dirty one day. The A-class and S-class threats, the kill-orders - I won't be able to just stand back and do nothing, waiting for someone else to fight for me. I've got a responsibility to do what I can - and age doesn't really play much of a part in that. You put Crawler or the Blasphemies in front of me right now - gave me the ability to press a button and kill them? Even if you say it will stain my soul forever, I'm pressing the button. I'm okay with that. I've accepted that. Pressing a button or using my powers - I'm okay with looking in the mirror and seeing a man who's willing to make that choice to save lives."

I take a steadying breath in.

I continue. "That doesn't mean I'm looking to go on a killing spree here in the Bay. Most of the villains here know to toe the line. No kill orders to speak of, and I wouldn't be all that incredible against any of those serious threats right now anyway. Don't go worrying about me." I tilt my head to the side, looking in the direction Taylor left. "Arachne? She's got the mindset of the idealist hero that you - and I - are looking to protect, even if it's covered in creepy-crawlies and she accidentally gives crooks nightmares. But she'd never willingly compromise on her effectiveness for safety either. To us, that's part of what being a hero is all about. That's not to say we'll be reckless. I'm not dumb, I know Lung is out for blood against us right now - and if not for the Empire keeping him busy, we'd probably have to spend more time lying low than we already have. I've been avoiding ABB areas for our patrols, because I don't think I can beat him in an honest fight yet. But the fight will happen eventually. And I'll have to be ready to handle him, whether he finds us - or we find him."

God, I'm such a fucking hero. I wish I recorded that. Ten out of ten speech. Managed to squeeze in all of the self-sacrificial bullshit and the deep philosophical thinking that I could in there. Acknowledging the gravity and responsibility of my power. The reality of our situation out in the Bay - the heroes are going to love that when they review the tape. That's exactly what they want to see in an up-and-coming vigilante team leader. Fucking. Nailed. It.

Miss Militia clearly agrees. "I feel like I've wronged you, hearing you talk like this. It almost feels insulting, calling you a child when you've clearly thought things through more clearly than even me." Her weapon shifts in her hand as she inspects it. "Perhaps I was projecting a little. Letting the experiences of my younger self taint my impressions of the two of you and what you needed. I get called rigid and inflexible sometimes. A stickler for the rules - something that makes me unpopular with the Wards now and then. It's one of the reasons I'm not responsible for them, a clash of personalities. But, fresh off my trigger event - and when I was your age - I needed those rules. That order. An external moral compass that I could trust, maybe even more than myself. But you're not me. That structure might not mean the same to you as it did for me." She shifts her weight from one foot to the other. "I'll still be recommending the Wards every time we meet, but I feel like I understand you better than I did than after our last meeting. I'm... happier with your reasoning, even if not the conclusion."

"That's natural, we didn't really get a chance to talk much - and I was definitely distracted with bragging about our first major success as a team." I wave her off. "You don't need to try and justify why you were being stiff with us before - I just hope you can be more relaxed around us in the future. We're colleagues by trade, even if we don't exactly share an employer."

"No, it wasn't natural. I jumped to the easiest, and least fair, conclusion regarding you and your maturity. I considered you a poor influence on Arachne, and a worse team leader - a reckless fool, uncaring of the consequences of his actions, and likely to get the both of you killed. I mistook resolve and courage for naivety and childishness. For that, I apologise." She bows her head sincerely.

I blink. One relationship boost and she's backtracking that far? That's what I like to see. She could have said nothing, I would have just moved on - but I appreciated this. And not just in the usual way that I like all attractive females bowing down and telling me I was amazing, that they were always wrong and that they'd never doubt me again - a certain level of introspection was just pleasant to see, even if it was, admittedly, fuelled by lies, deception and fraud on my part. Usually, I had no idea what exactly my targets 'remembered' out of past arguments or imagined histories - so I just constantly live in the present and pretend any old statements or arguments are entirely forgotten by both parties.

"You don't really need to apologise for anything. I know I don't exactly give off the most mature aura most of the time. I don't usually like things being too serious, makes me feel awkward - like right now, actually." I scratch my mask with a wry grin. "But, I'm glad your opinion of me has improved. I'm looking forward to a time when we can work side-by-side together." Or, front-to-front? Front-to-back? Honestly, I'm amazed I got this far into the conversation without picturing her naked and imagining what I would do with her first - and now that cat is truly out of her bag. Just how much was that uniform hiding?

"But!" She seems to ignore my words. "I can't accept one thing that you just said. You'll need to be ready to handle Lung? No. You're so intent on your own journey that you forget, we are heroes too. The Wards. The Protectorate. New Wave. Not a single person, from any of those groups, would turn away if Lung came for your life and they could help - even if it was hopeless, even if they stood no chance on their own. They wouldn't abandon you to your fate. If he comes for you, you two don't need to fight him alone. You have options - a way out, I'd rather you take that escape in advance, but even if you don't - we can help. This is what we do. Nobody would stand aside and say 'We warned them' or 'We can't anger Lung'. Nobody wants a pointless fight that could put people in danger, but saving a friend and a kindred spirit is anything but pointless. Get that into your head." She straightens up. "You might not be one of our Wards, but if I see you in hospital after you picked a fight with Lung and didn't ask for help - I'm going to be very, very angry indeed."

"Scary~" I raise my hands in surrender. "Yes, mother."

She gives a disparaging shake of the head. "Don't you start." She turns her head off to the side. "And here I was saying I should stop with the lectures, but - I hope that you can at least take that one to heart, if nothing else. I should probably apologise to Arachne as well, but perhaps another, more sincere heart-to-heart another time would be best." She looks back to me. "This conversation was enlightening for me. A reminder for me not to rush into things." She takes a step back. "I should get going, transporting these three safely needs to be the priority. Have a safe night, Void Cowboy - and your partner as well, of course."

"Of course. You too." I nod in understanding as she turns away.

A few seconds later, both vehicles are pulling away - leaving me alone in the courtyard.

I hiss out a breath between my teeth. "Man, she seemed so sincere at the end there - I almost feel bad that I'm about to ruin her day." I grumble out loud. But, when you want to be supreme overlord of the Bay - sometimes you've got to crack a few eggs. I'll have to make it up to her sometime. Preferably after a few more challenges, that way - it will be a lot easier for me to decide on a 'reward' that she would appreciate as much as me.

My ash clone firmly presses the first button, having long since arrived in position. I'd stalled pretty nicely, not that I'd really needed to - my ash clone was a speedy boy, never needing to catch its breath even when moving at what was a dead sprint for me. Launch. A half-dozen cameras spinning to life for the clone to 'look' at as the system springs to life and a series of whirring drones - each looking like little more than a giant wheel surrounded by protective casing, like a motorbike cut in half, or some twisted, overpowered unicycle - flood out onto the road to chase after the target markers that had already been set in place.

"Ah, this plan is too simple - it's frustrating." I sigh.

"What, why? Simple is good. It's harder to fuck up simple when something unexpected happens." She frowns.

"Well, I'm trying to stall as much as I can by asking pointless, obvious questions but I feel like you're already nearly done with explaining." I complain, was one side slightly bigger than the other? I know it's often a thing in women, but truthfully, it was rare for me to inspect a pair so thoroughly without being able to just stick my dick between them.

"Moving on then." Squealer snaps, eyebrows twitching. "Once everything is fired, move to the secondary command console - launch the moment they leave the courtyard, they'll follow the signal at a distance until you hit the latch command."

Aha, it's the left. Definitely the left one. "Do those commands have a confirm prompt?" I ask innocently.

"You literally just told me that you were stalling, did you really think that would work?" She asks me.

"It already did." I grin widely. "And, really - do they? Accidental press can ruin everything, yay or nay?"

She narrows her eyes at me. "It's one press, just don't open the console until you're ready. You fuck it up, that's it." She glowers down at my all-too-happy expression. "No more questions. Let's get this over with, and then you can go back to keeping your hands to yourself."

I wait before striking. Give them some time to gain distance away from me before the 'ambush' takes place. There was no reason for them to trace it back to me, I'd been in plain-sight doing nothing from start-to-end - but that didn't mean that it seemed logical for the 'attack' to occur immediately once I was out of vision, and even within Taylor's range.

Patience. Patience.

The trackers are paused at an intersection. Go time. My ash clone presses the button, even as I innocently heft the sack over my shoulder and make my way to the back of the courtyard. For any lingering souls or half-functional CCTV cameras that I missed, I'm just getting ready to leave at the time that four screeching drones slam into the stopped van, a fifth nearly flipping Miss Militia's vehicle as each one violently leverages its chosen tire corner into the air.

There's no audio for my ash clone to interpret, but I can imagine a few shouts of surprise and perhaps a burst of gunfire here and there - but the drones aren't here to hang around. They're already moving, almost before every corner is fully lifted - and the van is hurtling away, under new management, before Miss Militia has even fully registered the nature of the attack.

My ash clone blankly directs the autopilot. I don't need to puppet it directly for this task, it's easy enough that the administrator-boosted intelligence of the clone can handle it.

"And you're to regroup, re-arm yourselves and get ready to move quickly - you need to get to the escape tunnels next to the Trainyard, the one nearest the old hideou-out." She half-turns her head to glower at me as I pinch her nipples mid-speech, but doesn't allow herself to pull away from the radio. I'd gone for the real prize now, pulling clothing up and out of the way to let my hands get a taste of bare flesh.

I think I'm actually glad I didn't get the second relationship boost this time around. This feels so much more satisfying as an immediate win. Knowing just how many boundaries I'd crossed, how much Skidmark's supposed girlfriend had been willing to let me do to 'rescue' him - and she'd barely needed to be mastered to do it. Oh, she'd blustered about the value of her Tinkertech being blatantly higher to her than mere sexual harassment... but this was more than that to me. This was Skidmark's girlfriend giving another man access to her body behind his back. This was a line being crossed. An example being set. A new standard in our - and their - relationship. That this, at least, was acceptable for a certain price. That Skidmark didn't really need to know about a few trades that both parties were happy with.

"We'll be coming in a hot in a transport truck. You need to get in, with your guns around - and get us out, then we scram. Quick, clean, efficient. We're relying on you..." Squealer continues to dish out orders, sparing a frustrated glower at me as I rub, squeeze and pull at my prizes.

The angry looks, the snippy comments - that was all fine. However much she justified it, claimed that it was just to avoid jail, just to save Skidmark, just a transactional gesture to let some childish idiot do some meaningless, romance-less groping in exchange for saving the gang - at the end of the day, in the choice between loyalty in her relationship to Skidmark and the various benefits I could offer, she had chosen me. The choice had been made. And next time, it would be a little easier to make than before.

"That's it. Stop. Everything is in place." Squealer takes a firm grip on my hands to stop me in place, then yanks her shirt down to cover herself. "Hope you're happy." She affixes me with a furious glower.

"I am happy, but are we really done here?" I tease with a knowing look. Squealer adopts a wary expression. Have I really done enough to deserve a look like that? Well. Perhaps. "It's just, sometimes things happen - right? The plan isn't flawless, we should have some backups in place depending on who shows up."

"You must be an idiot if you think I don't see your angle here." She gives me a foul look.

"Of course I have an angle. You're one of the best Tinkers in the Bay-" That was a stretch but, I figure the regular compliments only serves to make me look better than Skidmark whenever she compares us. "-more resource than me, more experience than me as a Cape and you've got a beautiful body to boot. You've got a lot of things that I want. It shouldn't be a surprise that I'm the greedy-type by now." I hum a tune in my throat for a moment. "So, even if you know what I'm up to - what's the plan if they don't send out someone nice and easy to handle? What if Velocity shows up? He's not going to lose track of the van, I can promise you that much. Dauntless? Operating your system is one thing, but I'll need to make a distraction of some kind, somewhere, to get him away from you - I might even need to do something criminal. That's got to be worth a little something extra, don't you think?"

"I'm not going any further. I'm not- that's not a line I'm going to cross. It's not happening." She shakes her head. "Boundaries, staying in place - end of story."

"That's fine, I was more thinking about other things you could offer me. My loot-haul is looking a little light, you even said so earlier. I'm sure you can think of a few things to offer an up-and-coming Tinker to celebrate becoming your new partner?" I smirk at her as she creases her brow in thought. "I mean, it would be truly awful if you invested all of this - put up with so much, sacrificed so much of your work, and then it was all for nothing just because Armsmaster flew back early and we didn't have an answer for him." Reluctantly, she nods - conceding the point. "Glad we agree. Now then, how about my ash clone goes off to find something to hold any extra loot we agree on, you start thinking about Plan B, C and D - and as for me?" I angle her face up towards with a finger on her chin, enjoying the momentary squirming and flush of red in her cheeks. "If you aren't ready for us to step out of here, business concluded... then it seems our previous deal is still in effect."

My lips close on hers once more, my spare hand once more exposing her chest to the open air and settling into a groping motion. No resistance. And actually, I'm pretty sure I just heard a moan getting suppressed just now.

Skidmark, Skidmark, Skidmark. It's really your own fault, you know? Check out some hentai every now and then, you'll see what I mean. If you don't treat your girlfriend right - don't show her the appreciation a girl really needs? Some manipulative blond bastard like me is going to swoop out of nowhere and steal her heart.

We continue to kiss as I reposition my other hand. One sliding under fabric to grope her ass, the other back to tending to her tits. Don't worry, Mr Mustain. I'll treat her better than you ever did or ever could. You can just sit and impotently watch as she slips from your grasp. Between you and me? It's already over. It's too late for you. The process has already begun.

Because for all the complaints? For all the supposed reluctance? For all the insistence that she's only doing this, only sticking to the terms of the deal for a greater benefit in return?

Even in the newer deal, there was still never any stipulation requiring her to use tongue.

"Void, there you are." Arachne jogs after me as if she had only just spotted me, rather than religiously-tracking me ever since Squealer and I emerged from her vehicle. I half-turn without turning away from my target destination, sending her a half-hearted wave - I'm a little distracted by my ash clone neatly delivering the controlled van straight to the armed group of Merchants waiting for us. Nothing should go wrong, but... I can't help but be nervous. The heroes shouldn't have the time to dispatch someone on such short notice, let alone track the vehicle before its too late - but, honestly, if somehow one did arrive? There wasn't much I could do except add a prison-break to the calendar. "I'm all done. Everyone's run off."

Maybe not a literal one. I wasn't going to ruin my reputation that hard for their sake. But, pointing the right people in the right direction - seducing a few of the right people in the low-security prison they'd likely end up in? It would be easy to generate a 'mistake' that would let the three wield their powers and escape. Capes escaped prison all the time, it wasn't even crazy to think that they could manage it without me until the courts got fed up and tossed them into the more serious cells.

Maybe I was overfocusing a bit, but - I couldn't cuck Skidmark if there were bars between those three and me. Couldn't turn Mush into a shy, embarrassed wreck as I showed her the delights of being a woman. Couldn't 'collaborate' with my new 'just work-buddies' partner in Squealer. And that seemed like a waste. Them getting away was a positive overall for my plans in the Bay.

"Hey, Arachne." I nod as she settles into a walking pace next to me. In my minds eye, the van screeches to a halt under the direction of my ash clone - a group of a dozen armed Merchants making threatening gestures at the driver, who simply raises his hands in the air and obediently steps out of the vehicle. "Those three got carted off earlier. Looks like we're done with business for tonight."

"I kind of wish you got back a little faster, had a bit more time before Miss Militia came. Skidmark wasn't much of a conversationalist, but I think you would have liked to see the state Shadow Stalker arrived in. Dropped Mush off and ran with some snippy statement about how we could handle the grunt work - I think after all that talk before, she was embarrassed about how her fight went. Even when she made it here, she could barely walk in a straight line." She stretches her arms into the air. "And Mush... wasn't what I expected from a villain. She didn't want to talk much, but-" She bites her lip. "-I don't know. After facing Oni Lee..."

"Not exactly a prime example of villainy?" I guess. She nods. "I think so too. Squealer as well. Skidmark is the problematic one of the group. Honestly, I didn't appreciate that before tonight. It's like- the Palanquin. Occasional criminal things, yes - technically on the wrong side of the law. But, nobody is really targeting them. No heroes lining up to arrest them outside of a job. In the right circumstances, I wonder if those two could take the Merchants in that kind of direction - at least, once they get some kind of deal or get broken out. I don't think the PRT will be too harsh to them. They're not as bad as Hookwolf."

"Maybe. I don't know. And don't start talking about them getting off lightly now, I really want to feel like I've done something of value today." It's fortunate that she can't see my expression from her angle. Whoops. She adjusts her mask. "I meant to ask earlier, but what's in there?" She flicks her gaze to the bulging sack tossed over my shoulder.

"Loot. Tinker stuff. Better for us to have it, right? I understand it pretty well, and if nothing else - keeping it out of the wrong hands is a win all on its own." I shake the bulging sack gently. "Got some cool things, on my way to another - actually. Looking forward to showing you."

"Oh?" Taylor sounds intrigued. "Can't wait." We walk in silence for a minute. "I- I made a fool of myself in front of Miss Militia, didn't I?"

"No, not really. I think you both agree on most things, just - didn't quite find the right words. I was talking with her afterwards, she sounded apologetic for being a bit too-" I search for the word. "-well, you get the idea. I wouldn't worry about it."

"Hope you're right." She sighs. "Where is this thing you were looking to show me? We're about to walk into a wall, the gate is over there." She points left.

"Oho, you haven't found it yet? Got to work harder on your searching technique with your bugs." I grin at her, earning a confused look in response.

Two, three seconds pass. "Wait, what is that?"

"That, my dear, is our ride home. Or, wherever you want to be dropped off tonight." I flash the keys in my hand at her. "Invisible car. Don't say Tinkers never make anything cool."

"You stole a car?" She steps closer to the shimmer in her air where a few bugs can be seen bouncing off of some invisible wall.

"It's not stealing if it's from criminals. It's confiscation. Or, civil forfeiture? One of those." I tap my head wisely. "And I'm definitely not walking through the streets carrying all this for a moment longer. It's heavy."

"Don't know how to feel about this..." Arachne hesitates. "I mean, I know I don't have a driver's license."

"We're Capes, that kind of thing doesn't really apply here - and this isn't ever going to be road-legal anyway." I tap the roof of the car, initially missing and swinging at thin air instead. "Actually, we don't even need to drive it at all. Auto pilot - and the streets are pretty much empty at this time of night. Should be a pretty pleasant experience. How many people can say they've been in a Tinkertech car before? You're about to join an exclusive club."

I flick over to my ash clone as it emotionlessly watches camera feeds as the doors of the van are forced open. One, two, three Capes - stepping out, each one being freed from their cuffs in turn.

"You don't need to keep trying to butter me up, you know?" Squealer pipes up as my ash clone attempts to fit an energy weapon and the trailing cable into the bag without damaging it.

"Hm? What do you mean?" I meet her eyes for the first time in a while.

She waves a hand dismissively. "The compliments. The flirting. It isn't needed. I've already agreed to what you want, you can drop the act now." Squealer cuts a hand through the air as I try to interject. "No, let's be honest. I know I'm- flawed. Not exactly a prize on any front. It wasn't a mistake or bad luck that led me to the Merchants - this is where I belong. My value is in the things I can make. You're not going to upset me by acknowledging that."

I frown at that. "I'll admit, I'm a little upset by the implication that after all I've said, all I've done - and I haven't exactly been subtle - that you seriously think I'm not being genuine with you. Sure, the Tinkering side of things is amazing - but you need to learn to accept compliments better. You look good. Take it from a guy - a really horny guy who thinks with his dick all the time - you're hot. I've spent most of my time in this thing thinking about how much I'd like to fuck you. You made some bad decisions? Obviously, nobody hooks up with Skidmark by winning all the time - but that doesn't mean that you aren't a smart, beautiful woman who deserves a lot more respect, care and attention than she's clearly been getting all this time."

"He isn't that bad. Don't make this about him." Defensive again.

"Well, I've never dated him. But, I get the feeling that I beat him on a few fronts. I'm betting he isn't the most considerate lover. Not the most intimate or caring-" I knead into flesh with both hands. "-when's the last time he ever did something like this with you? Ever focused on what you want, what you desire? You've been enjoying this a lot, if the wetness of the seat is any indication-" Her thighs slam shut with a firm clap as she stiffens, a denial already on her lips. "-and that's perfectly natural, given all we've been up to. You've got needs too, as a woman - and I suspect he's been lacking as a provider. When's the last compliment you ever received? The last time he treated you as a partner, rather than a tool that needs to obey? How often does he hit you? He seems the type. Do you think he respects you, respects your efforts - your value as a person?"

"You've got the wrong idea about him. You're way off base." She clears her throat. "He's not perfect. Things have- things have been complicated, a bit rocky, for a while - but things aren't as bad as you're trying to imply."

"I could be wrong, I could be wrong." I acknowledge. "But I don't know if you really believe what you're saying. I'll be honest, I just think I'm better. I want you more. As a friend. As a fellow Tinker. As a lover-"

"We are not-" She instantly retorts.

"Not yet, but I'd like to be. You didn't think I did this on a whim, did you? I want you more than he does. And I think you know that. I appreciate you. Look at you, look at all you're putting on the line to save everyone out there. Your pride. Your body. Some of your greatest works traded away as currency, just to undo his mistake. I respect you, willing to do all of that - to make those kinds of sacrifices. Will he? When you're both freed, at the end of all of this - is he going to look you in the eyes and congratulate you on a well-executed escape? Thank you for saving the day?" She ignores me, I press forward. "Answer me. Will he care about what you did, how the 'fight' went? About the things you gave up to give him that second chance? Would he understand if you told him the truth? Of course he wouldn't. And especially that last one, I think your life would be in danger in that case. No. If he says anything at all, it will be to berate you - to call you a stupid, lazy bitch that didn't come to save him earlier. It's all about him. Always will be."

"He has different priorities. He's the leader of the Merchants - he can't go spending all his time fawning after me." The response is a little muted. "We can't always be treated the exact way we want. That's life. Part of being an adult."

"You didn't answer the question. What happens when you're free? The first thing he does?" I lean in as she refuses to answer. "Whatever it is, I just want you to think about everything you've done to get to that point for him to act that way - to think about what I'm offering you instead - and decide for yourself what you really want out of your future. And then, when you're ready to collaborate - to make use of any of the many services I've been offering you... I'm only one PHO message away."

The ash clone watches impassively as the three Capes retreat. Mush splits away from the crowd, leaving sight of the camera - and, most likely, finding herself a new 'home' to hide from the world in. Squealer and Skidmark are arguing, red-faces and blustering back and forth over something that can't be heard across the surveillance system.

Slap.

The argument abruptly stops, Squealer's face remaining turned to the side facing the camera as Skidmark waves around aggressively, threatening a second raised hand as he does so.

I eye the sheer number of expressions and emotions racing across Squealer's face. That's tough. She's understandably high-strung after all of that. Tense, emotionally-vulnerable, exhausted, excited, nervous, scared - the perfect time for a good partner to step in and be a supporting rock. A time to reassure her that she hasn't made a mistake - that the words of that handsome, vexing rogue of a blond were all lies and slander without any truth behind them. A time to reaffirm that she'd made the right decisions. Made the right sacrifices for the right person. That it was worth it.

Looking at the clenched fists, and the unholy look of rage and spite that crosses into her eyes before she clears her expression and turns back around - I think she didn't get the response she was really hoping for.

I think I'll be getting that message sooner, rather than later.

Thank you, Skidmark. You're the finest wingman a guy could ask for.

Taylor prods me. "You seem pleased about something?"

I grin. "I'm just happy." I tell her truthfully. "Today feels like an absolute victory across the board. We did an amazing job, and my future sex life has never looked more promising." I'm being honest. Even if the exact girl that I'm thinking of is a bitter, spiteful Squealer accepting a deal that's a little 'too' generous towards me, just to get back at Skidmark mistreating her.

I can't help it. I'm not knocking Taylor, it's just pretty natural to think of fucking the hot chick I was exposed to not that long ago. I'm a guy, it sticks in my head - that's normal.

"O-oh!" Taylor isn't a mindreader, and that does incredible things for her self-esteem. "I- I almost thought that you forgot. I can- we can- find a place, whenever you want-" She stumbles over her words. "I'm ready when you are, that's all I mean."

"Then you'd best get in the back seat, because I think here and now is a perfectly good time." I find the handle and pull it open, the very act of opening it immediately causing the interior to become entirely visible.

"In here?" Taylor squeaks, even as she obediently enters through the door. "It feels a bit- a bit public, doesn't it?"

"Invisible. Car. You couldn't see anything inside it a moment ago, remember? So once we close the door-" I slide in after her, slamming it shut behind me - a shimmering effect covering the metal as I do so, although the interior remains visible from inside. "-nobody can see who is inside-" I tackle her down onto the seat. "-or what they might be doing."

Face pressed right up to mine, Taylor wets her lips. "That's true." She glances to the side. "We're moving?"

I turn her face back to me. "Autopilot." Or, a mix of that and the remote piloting feature. Keep doing your thing, ash clone - you've got the wheel. "I'll take it slow, and this thing was designed for comfort. I don't think you'd notice any movement at all if it wasn't for your power. It might seem a bit novel - but I've thought about it. This isn't a great area for us to just... find a room like we did last time, and I'd rather our first time was something a little more comfortable than a dark corner of an alleyway. But, it would be a bit of a moodkiller if any of those Merchants came back and started making a scene while we're parked - so how about we abuse the invisibility on this thing, and enjoy ourselves a late night tour of the city in our well-earned spoils of victory?"

"You don't have to sell me on the idea, Void - I already got all of that." Her knee comes up to grind against my groin, discovering my very obvious erection straining against my clothes. The corners of her mouth twitch upwards in satisfaction. "I don't want to wait any more. I don't want any more excuses. Any more distractions. I want to give you all of me, I want to have all of you." Her face darts up and forward, a slight head-tilt required to prevent our half-masks from clashing as her lips meet mine. "Here. Now." There's a pinkish tinge to her cheeks at the words. A hint of nerves. But, a quiet confidence as well.

Taylor couldn't have said this. But Arachne could. And Miss Militia thought I was a bad influence on her at first? Funny. If people could see the shrinking, innocent wallflower Taylor was originally to the girl currently shedding her costume with a salacious expression on her face - knee still teasingly grinding against my cock - they would give me a medal for managing to boost her confidence so high and really breaking her out of her shell.

"How could I say no to a command like that?" I grin as I help her peel away the rest of the outer layers of her suit. Boots. Belts. Straps and armoured plates are all messily discarded as we slowly strip Taylor down - every removal making her seem a little bit cuter. A little bit more vulnerable.

I let out a pleased hum as I make a show of appraising her once the core of the suit falls away, leaving only the final remaining layer. One finger trails down the final, skintight fabric covering her torso and crotch that leaves absolutely nothing to the imagination. Even outside of the parts that were simply mesh, even the parts 'covering' her were oh-so-slightly transparent. Every line, every curve of her skin was highlighted from this angle, clear as day. Her breath hitches as my finger trails past her stomach, down to her crotch - skimming lightly over the indent found there, before reversing course and sliding back up her body again. Stomach, navel, breasts, nipples - then a journey back down to her inner thighs as she squirms under the attention.

Taylor lets out a shaky breath. "Rather than teasing me, shouldn't you focus on yourself? I think you're overdressed for the part."

"I can cheat." I wink. "Look what I can do these days-" I activate the shadow state on everything except my head. My costume flops and flutters onto the seat before I reform, Taylor taking a moment to toss aside some of the fallen articles of clothing that landed on her. "-amazing, right?" Actually, harder than it seems. The default state of the power is to haphazardly shove everything generally around the body parts I wanted into the shadow state - specifically excluding something as non-uniform, large and close to the skin as clothing is a lot harder than excluding limbs or specific items.

But I persevered. A true training arc filled with repetition, tears and triumph. Admittedly, it was only because I thought I would look absolutely hardcore taking one step forward, coating myself in darkness and landing the next step as the naked, alluring devil that I am - but, the effect is really lost when all of your clothes fall into a pile at ankle level and threaten to trip you as soon as you reform. I'll keep working at it. Someday, someone will appreciate my efforts.

Well. Judging by the blatant roaming of her gaze, Taylor appreciates me. If, perhaps, not quite for the dramatics of the transformation. She smirks. "I'd love to see Shadow Stalker react to you using her power like that. She'd throw a fit."

I cast a deliberate look down at my erection. "Well, there'd be some kind of reaction - to be sure."

"Hah." For a moment, it looks like she wants to say something - but then she catches herself and shakes her head. "But that's enough about her. This is about you, and me." Taylor breathes air out sharply through her nose. She propels herself up, crawling across the seat towards me. "Let me help with that." Delicate fingers wrap around my shaft, a steady, repetitive vertical motion starting as her breath tickles against my shaft - I shift my body slightly to align my cock closer to her mouth, only for her to tilt my shaft away in a silent rejection. She tilts her head up at me as I send her an inquisitive look. "I'm- I want you to cum inside me today." Her face ignites at her own words. "W-which means, you can't blow your load inside my mouth - I don't want you wasting a drop! O-okay?"

I almost want to laugh at the cute expression, entirely at odds with her words. I really had to give myself a lot of credit, I'd done some good work with Taylor. The Taylor from before I got involved would never have the confidence to express her desires in any fashion at all, let alone so bluntly and boldly. If I wasn't already hard as a rock, those words would have done it - not because they were anything special on their own, but what they represented. That I was winning. It's easy to lose sight of my goals sometimes, but if you were to ask the 'old Greg' what kind of mental image he thought 'success' would look like once he got a power - this picture of a lewd, in-love Taylor earnestly expressing her desire to be dicked down would be right at the top of the list.

I adopt a pitiful look, fighting the urge to grin. "Even if I really, really want to?"

"Even then!" She remains resolute, even if the corners of her mouth quirk upwards. "I'm not taking any chances. If you can't get it up anymore because we were fooling around with my mouth, I'm going to be livid. You made a promise to fuck me tonight - and you've got to live up to that!"

"Really, have I ever let you down before?" My hand brushes across her cheek, along the side of the wasp-themed mask. "Should I feel insulted that you think I can't handle you for multiple rounds? I seem to remember proving the opposite with you a few times already, did you forget the state I left you in last time around? Coated inside and out - and you certainly seemed pleased with that outcome to me."

"I didn't forget. Walking home after that was-" Her cheeks might become permanently pink at this point. "-interesting. But I don't want to just repeat what we've done before, and have a quickie as well - I want you to fuck me. Then, fuck me again. And again. Until I literally can't take any more. I want to spend the rest of the evening discovering everything that I've been missing out on. I want you to make me yours, in every way that matters."

"I'm sure I can deliver on that. And when we're done, and you're begging me that you really can't take any more?" I give her a confident smirk. "I'll be expecting an apology from you."

"I'm sure I could think of a few ways to make it up to you if that happened." Taylor breathes, an impish smile on her face as she slowly stops jerking my cock - releasing it into the air. "But, do I really need to worry about that? Boys have their own limits, there'd be nothing to be ashamed of if you couldn't go the distance." Said in an all-too-innocent tone. She knows what she's doing. The way she retreats just enough to make it obvious that her spare hand has been rubbing her slit through the thin fabric of the undersuit throughout our discussion. Horny minx.

"You really can't stop yourself from baiting me, can you?" I surge forward, toppling her over backwards onto the seat once more - my body held over hers, my cock pressing harshly against her stomach. "You don't need to do all of this teasing and taunting to get me invested. You have no idea how long I've been waiting to make you mine, and now that the chance is here? I'm going to take it. You'll never be able to look at a man that isn't me after today - nobody else could ever satisfy you."

"I think I'm already yours. We're just making it a little more official now." Taylor makes a move to finally slip out of her undersuit. I stop her.

"No need for that. With your costume already designed to give me easy access, I should take advantage." I pull the undersuit at her crotch to the side, leaving her wet slit fully exposed.

"I did wonder why you stopped earlier." There's an amused tone in her voice. "You really just like messing me up in my costume, is that it?"

"That's exactly it." I line myself up against her, a slight forward gesture threatening to part her like a blooming flower. "Last chance to back out."

She seems to find the suggestion funny. "If I backed out now after all of this talking, I'd be so embarrassed that I'd never dare to show myself on a patrol again." She drawls. "Come on. Do it."

I enter her, pushing past the resistance of her inner walls in one powerful movement. Taylor's stifled gasp is music to my ears, but her expression of surprise is quickly followed by a look of pure satisfaction - her eyelids fluttering shut, a soft moan escaping her lips. I press my hips against hers, feeling the sensation of her warmth pressing down around my cock, and then begin to move.

"Void-" She manages to gasp out between thrusts. Whatever she wants to say, I cut her off by meeting her lips with my own. She meets me hungrily, tongue clashing with mine for supremacy as her hands clutch and scramble across my back.

I was no stranger to claiming virginities at this point, and Taylor's is another one to add to the list. Simultaneously the same as everyone else, yet also so very different. Emma had given up hers in a whirlwind of spite, triumph and glee towards Taylor, one decision in a long line of choices that traded away her pride, body and authority in order to hurt Taylor. In the end, Emma seemed all-too-happy with her position as little more than a sex-slave - only seeming to care about the fact that she'd dragged Taylor into the dirt with her. Sophia, a frenzy of violence and darker lust - a struggle for dominance that had been in the making for some time, climaxing at the reveal of our identities to each other. Madison, perhaps the most normal of the bunch - using me as a fling and a distraction, something to temporarily slake her own lusts and desires, not quite realising that her feelings were anything but an idle whim and that her lust for me wasn't something that would disappear after being satisfied.

Taylor? Taylor was none of those. If I had to describe it...

Taylor loved me. It wasn't like the others - where one aspect of me had lured them in, then my own actions and the influence of my power had secured them. She wanted me. Not what I represented, like Emma. Not my body, like Madison. Not for my strength and attitude like Sophia. It wasn't anything about the way I thrust into her again and again, taking her to heights of pleasure that she'd never experienced before. She just wanted me. Her partner. The one that made her feel special and lifted her out of the darkness - even if, admittedly, I had also been the one that left her floundering in it in the first place.

A bit of guilt flickers in me at that.

...I should make up with her at some point. In our civilian identities. Not just to help avoid the fallout of my identity getting out one day. But... this wasn't right. Looking into eyes so full of warmth and trust, and to keep fucking her knowing that I was a liar. That, if I came out with the truth right now - that expression would turn to tears and rage.

The old Greg wouldn't have approved. That Greg was blatantly inferior in a lot of ways, but in this - he would be right. Waiting until I'd mastered Taylor into submission, into accepting that she was in the wrong - waiting for an apology from her... that was an asshole move. Something born from wounded pride and annoyance at one of my girls calling me out on something. Frustration, that after so much effort, so many agonizing, traumatising deaths just to merely earn her friendship - that someone could just assume I had betrayed them and never cared in the slightest.

And part of me still felt that way. But what was the endgame? Since when did I need someone - someone I would have considered a friend - to come crawling on their knees asking for forgiveness after an argument? The old Greg got into arguments all the time, he could admit wrongdoing just to make peace and show up to school the next day with a bright smile as if nothing had ever happened. He could click into the next thread on PHO with one more infraction on the record and forget about the bloodbath of the last thread in seconds. Maybe that attitude came from being a natural social pariah and not being in a position of any real power... but maybe there was some strength of character there that I'd lost somewhere along the way.

Unmanly. Maybe that was the word. I wasn't filling my role. I'd accepted being a villain. I was a Master, I intended to take my place at the top of the world with a giant harem one day. I didn't mind that. It was just- I don't know. Just because I was trying to make a bunch of selfless, noble heroines into my sex-slaves doesn't make me the kind of person that would kick puppies in the street. I was vain and proud and selfish and all-too-happy to cheat, lie and manipulate people to get ahead in life. I was willing to do whatever I needed to do to earn that harem ending, ideally filling every sexual fantasy I could ever dream of along the way.

But, the best harem needs a harem-king that was worthy of it. A guy worth sharing. A guy worth fighting over. Something that went beyond brute strength or morals. A certain integrity, regardless of which side of the law I was on. That, even if I'd done terrible things to get the girls on my side - that I'd look after them after that fact. They were my girls, after all. And maybe for most girls I'd need to max them out before the label applied, but that wasn't true with Taylor. I hadn't minded bullying and leveraging my advantage over Squealer, she wasn't my girl yet. Didn't care that I was abusing Mush's loneliness to forge her into a fast, loyal friend on a similar path to Taylor herself. Not my girl yet. Taylor? My girl.

And somehow, despite the dozens of times that I'd died in the most agonising of ways fighting to make that fact true - that I'd earned it a thousand times over compared to some nervous schoolboy asking his crush out at school or some playboy flirting at a bar... I didn't feel like I deserved that right now.

It wasn't that I'd done anything significantly worse than elsewhere, but, maybe it was because what I had done didn't help me. It didn't serve a purpose - not even in establishing our roles as Master and Servant. It wasn't just another aspect of our relationship - like my regular humiliation and domination of Sophia. It was just spite and wounded pride, not something that would help bind her to my side. Not something that would help advance my position in the Bay. It was just vengeance. Like Skidmark, except this time it was difficult to argue that it was deserved.

"Void?" Taylor looks up at me, mask twitching in place as she seems to frown. "Are you okay?"

"I-" I belatedly realise that I've slowed, stopped, even. "I'm just thinking." A rare moment of honesty pushes me further. "I'm not sure if I deserve this."

"Deserve? What's that got to do with anything?" Taylor tilts her head. "We're not doing this because we hit our criminal quota for the day. I like you, I want to be with you. And, you like me? You want to be with me?"

"I do." That's true, at least.

"Then stop overthinking it." She purses her lips. "If we start talking about deserving, start thinking about what is right and wrong - we'll never get anywhere. I lied to my father to get here. Looked at him straight in the eyes, and promised that I wasn't meeting up with a boy - that I'd never had a boyfriend yet and didn't have any plans to get one." She shifts her hips, squeezing down on my shaft. "And I knew you had a girlfriend at school, someone who's never done anything wrong to me - and I seduced you away, uncaring about that fact. I'm fucking you right now, pretending that I'm someone special - but if you knew who I really was at school, I'm sure you'd pack up and leave right away." She looks up at me. "So don't start talking like that. Because if you don't deserve this, then I don't either."

"Don't talk about yourself like that. You've barely done anything wrong, and I wouldn't ditch you just because I found out your real name. I like you for who you are. Arachne - my partner." I actually mean that.

Taylor smiles. "You know, you're the only person in the world who can say something like that to me - and have me actually believe it. That's why I love you." She presses her legs into my back. "You're my hero, don't forget that."

That does not make me feel better. If anything, the uncomfortable feeling in my chest got a little bit sharper.

But this wasn't a time for a pity party for me. I force a smile onto my face. "Right. Got lost in my thoughts, wondering what I did to deserve such a beautiful girl. Where were we again?" Taylor looks embarrassed enough for me to call the distraction a success. At the insistent motions of her legs, I resume my thrusts.

Maybe I was working through some issues... but those issues weren't a reason to ruin her first time. I was never going to unmask right now. And, my relationship with Arachne? Everything leading up to this point? It was real. Earned. It was our other halves that had the issue. I'd settle things with Taylor. Within the week - give myself a few days of school to work away at her, find the right time. For my apology - and, perhaps some time after that, for my identity as well. And if that confession - that inevitable argument - caused issues between me and Arachne? Fine. I'd accept that outcome.

In the meantime, I was going to stand by my word. I'd thoroughly ruin her for other men. Because even if the worst-case scenario happened, and we had the biggest screaming match in all of history over what I had or hadn't done - I wasn't giving up on her. She was mine. I wasn't going to compromise on that. Not ever. I know it seems silly. That forgiveness is only a challenge win away anyway. But this feels right. This feels like the move that the Greg I want to be would make. Something done by Greg, not just a plan executed by an optimal user of my power.

I slam into Taylor again and again. I'd expected the interruption to kill our momentum, kill the mood somehow - but if anything, she's only hotter and wetter than she was before. And, in turn, I'm feeling more energetic than ever. Like a weight has suddenly lifted from my shoulders. It's stupid, I haven't done anything yet - it's all in my head, even just the plan to confess wrongdoing. But somehow, that's enough. I can look into the eyes of the girl who loves me and keep fucking her, assured that - however flawed I may be - I'm closer to being the man she believes in than I was just a few minutes prior. Not a hero. Never a hero. And I've accepted that only my power can change her mind over that part of me. But I'll be the kind of guy who returns that kind of look with the sincerity it deserves.

It doesn't take long for me to bring Taylor to orgasm, she'd already seemed close before I'd had my momentary crisis-of-faith - and after resuming there was never any doubt that she'd swiftly return to that point. Her walls tighten around me as she shudders in pleasure, her hands raking down my back as she arches into me - an expression of bliss on her face that warps in real time as she realises I have no intention of stopping. Not when I had to live up to her high expectations of the night.

She must see it on my face somehow, or have worked out some expression or tic that gives it away - because I'm only just building up to my own release when she starts clenching around me with a salacious, knowing look on her face.

I couldn't bring myself to slow or stop even if I wanted to. My release erupts inside her warm, inviting core - my cock twitching and pulsing as each blast of cum finds its way inside her.

"That's hotter than I imagined." She finally states, breaking away from the trend of mere moans that I'd become used to over the last minutes. "I can really feel it inside me-" She twists her thighs and hips, a vicegrip of pressure on my cock extracting every last drip as she executes the motion. "-but you know?"

"Hmm?" I raise an eyebrow at her.

"I want more." She clutches at my chest and rolls, a moment of struggle - including one brief moment where it seems we might both fall off the seat entirely - has our positions reversed. Me, lying on my back - and Taylor, straddling me victoriously as cum leaks down my shaft and her thighs.

"If you want more, it's yours to take." It's my turn to shift slightly, the small motion doing wonders at reminding Taylor that my cock was still erect - and still firmly lodged inside her.

Taylor doesn't need the encouragement. Her lips part unconsciously as she raises herself up, then slams herself down again - hilting herself in an instant. "Ah~"

For a moment, I'm almost concerned - forcing my entire length inside her in such a forceful motion wasn't something I had done in our lovemaking so far. I'd been stretching her. Preparing her. Letting her body accommodate me in its own time, knowing that we'd be fucking plenty more tonight.

That concern evaporates the moment I glimpse the depraved expression on Taylor's face. Perhaps it was a bit too much. Perhaps it was a bit too fast. But perhaps she didn't mind that either. And given control of things, it seemed she didn't mind taking a little bit more than she could easily manage. Didn't mind things being a bit rough. Because she wasn't taking a moment to catch her breath and adjust to the deepest insertion she'd had yet.

No, she was forging ahead. Thriving. Already lost in her own world of pleasure. Bouncing herself - fucking herself - using my cock as a dildo. And you know what? I was fine with that. More than fine. I didn't need to be on top every time, and seeing someone like Taylor so earnestly using my body for her pleasure - that was good for the ego. Good for the soul. And without a need to do much myself, I can let my hands roam freely. Thighs. Ass. Hips. I show my appreciation while Taylor takes me for all I'm worth.

It doesn't take long for her to climax again. Doesn't take long for her to start begging me for more, her voice hoarse. She wants a repeat performance. Another round. More. I oblige her.

The undersuit comes off, half-stained with juices as it is - it's tossed to the side in favour of letting our nude bodies meet each other freely. My cum is leaking from her slit freely at this point, every additional climax only serving to top her off once more. I opt to deposit the next one across her newly-exposed torso, partially painting her breasts and stomach with my seed.

"You're definitely some kind of monster, you know that?" Taylor murmurs, swiping a finger across her tits and depositing the dollop of gathered cum inside her mouth. "I've been through sex-ed. Boys aren't supposed to keep going like this."

"Always been able to keep blasting in the face of a hot enough girl." All you need is to get engrossed into a good enough eroge to understand how many times you can really bust in one day. "But, admittedly, something definitely happened to my libido after I got powers."

"What, so you pinched a power that lets you fuck like a maniac all the time?" She stretches her arms up in the air, then notices my gaze on her chest and wiggles enticingly. Nice. Not large, but tits were tits. "There was a power like that in the Bay?"

"I doubt a power like that exists." I hum. "And I'm not going to think about it too much either. Not when my lewd partner still isn't ready to tap out."

"I'm not lewd." She breaks eye contact almost immediately as I stare at her. "Not as lewd as you." She defends.

"I don't know about that." I argue. "I think I've just had a headstart. Hear me out on this one." She shifts nervously at that. "Fancy vehicle like this - this might be the only time we ever get to use it. It's hard for me to hide and work on a car, and I'm only really interested in the invisibility part - the maintenance for the whole thing might get to be a bit much."

"Yeah?" Taylor evidently doesn't see where I'm going with this.

"I'm just saying, what's the point fucking in an invisible car if you don't lean on the invisibility a bit?" I wink. "Press up against that window."

"There are pedestrians around!" She half-objects, but doesn't actually disobey - pressing her breasts and face up against the glass, while presenting her lower body to me with an almost taunting shimmy.

I'm not one to leave such taunts unfulfilled, and we've long moved past foreplay. She lets out a cute moan as I enter her once more. "Mhm. You're completely reliant on unknown Tinkertech to stop the city from seeing everything. From seeing Arachne, proud defender of the city, acting like a complete slut in the back of the car - and happily revealing that fact to anyone who glances in the right direction."

"They really could see - if it failed at the wrong moment. That's-" She presses harder against the glass. "-look, another driver. Do you think he would know who we are? Doing this, right in plain sight?" As expected, my pervert of a partner is certainly in the right frame of mind to see the appeal. I'm not sure if exhibitionism is quite the right term when actual invisibility is involved, but it's only more proof that Taylor - even missing three challenges - is just a complete pervert across the board. I think most girls wouldn't clench around my cock harder than ever before at the idea of getting caught in this situation. That's just you, Taylor - and you can hardly even blame my power, considering other girls have had more relationship boosts than you and are still less horny.

"And look there-" I keep powering into her as the car slowly drives by a loitering pack of teenagers. "-a bunch of delinquents. Probably a few petty crimes between them. I'm sure they've heard of Arachne. The big, bad terror of the Bay. Bane of criminals everywhere. What would they think if they could see you now? What about your fellow heroes? Miss Militia seemed so concerned about you, what would she think if she knew what you were really like?"

"Void~" Taylor lets out a plaintive cry. "I'm not a-" Her voice stills mid-sentence, as if refusing to utter a lie.

"You are. And that's something I love about you." I hold her tight as she shakes and shudders in the throes of her own orgasm. "This is just something we do from now on. We don't need to limit ourselves to quiet blowjobs at the start of patrols anymore. I'm going to be looking for every opportunity I can to use you as my personal cocksleeve. Whether Shadow Stalker is around or not. I hope you're looking forward to it."

Taylor slumps away from the window, affixing me with a complicated look. "You really are cruel." She attempts to look sorry for herself, a difficult task when she almost seems to glow with satisfaction. She slinks into the footwell, tongue darting out of her mouth as she places her head level with my cock.

"Shall I take that as a sign that you're done?" I smirk at her.

"I'm going to be sore all throughout the weekend." She grumbles. "I'll concede this time. But I'm not letting you walk out of here so easily with that smug expression. Once I'm done, you won't have any juice left in the tank for the entire weekend."

"I'd like to see you try that." I lean back and retrieve my phone as Taylor wraps her lips around my cock, simultaneously cleaning it and trying to bring me to completion all over again.

I make a great show of scrolling through PHO to 'discover' the news of the Merchants escape. "Hm. Got some bad news, do you want to hear it?"

"..." She frowns at nothing, then pops my dick out of her mouth like a lollipop. "Is it just news, or is it something we need to respond to today?"

"You could read it tomorrow, it's nothing we can do anything about right now." I acknowledge.

"Then, no. I've got bigger-" Her tongue lashes out at my cock. "-better, things to focus on."

Well. I wouldn't be much of a gentleman if I kept a lady from such a task.

My attention drifts as she continues to work her magic, roaming PHO and considering where exactly I was going to hide this new car of mine. I already knew where the remote piloting beacon and surveillance features connected to, I could rip those out - on both ends, with my ash clone still active from Squealer's mobile control centre. But that still left me with obvious Tinkertech that I really didn't want some random hoodlum stumbling onto, but I also didn't want it literally being on my lawn in case there was some Tinkertech issue or Armsmaster came by with some super-scanner or... anything. I could rent out a storage area pretty easily in the morning, but finding one right now would be difficult and I'd need to get to sleep first-

-I'd need to get to sleep first-

I linger on that thought for a moment, replaying it in my head. I check the time. It was late.

I wasn't tired. Not in the slightest. Obviously, the literal fucking-marathon was keeping the blood flowing - but...

I can't stop the feeling of dread. I investigate my mental list of powers. There it is. The newest. Night Watch. A toggle, which was a new one for me.

I toggle it off, and immediately feel a weight descend on me. My eyes flutter, a wave of lethargy hits- I toggle it again. Instantly refreshed.

Fucking. Scammed.

Her entire power is weapons. It's ENTIRELY weapons. She's the weapon-est of all Capes with weapons. There is no-one that fits that description better.

How. The. Hell. Did I seriously not have a weapon projection power right now. Maybe guns would be too much at this stage, I could acknowledge that. I would have accepted knives. Batons. Swords.

I did not accept no longer needing to sleep. What was I going to do with all of that time? All of my targets are asleep too!

I don't even want to be a Noctis Cape. This is a scam!

I suppose, I don't really have a choice now. With more time on my hands than I even know what to do with... I really am just going to have to work at this Tinkering thing until I get something out of it.

Fine. Fine! Hopefully, I get something so awesome and attention-grabbing that I can draw the Protectorate out once again.

Why? Because I want to see Miss Militia again. I'm holding her responsible for this travesty - this robbery. And she can either get ready to cough up a power worth talking about...

...or she can find a spot on her knees next to Taylor.

It will be good practice for whenever I get around to becoming her boss in the future. Maybe that's not soon.

But I can hold a grudge.

--

AN: Chapter is a bit too big, honestly - but I'd already said that I would finish the Merchants arc in this chapter so felt I had to kind of stretch it a bit. The next chapter is up on Patreon if you're interested. I'm actually going to hard-focus on getting the next chapter of ANT out and getting round to updating QQ as its further behind than it should be, so expect a "double update" on that before the next Duellist comes through (but really, its just one new chapter for me).

Someone mentioned that I've let the reward/challenge sheet get a bit out of date. I'll look for missing powers later in the week. I'm not going to update the challenges right now, but I'll look to overhaul it a bit and make it less of a pain. Do people care the 'historical' challenge summaries or not? Is it only worth having the currently-outstanding ones? I'm looking to make it less of a wall of text, so suggestions or comments about what you actually use it for would be appreciated. Like, spoilering the summaries of previously attempted challenges that were re-challenged at the bottom of the chapter instead, but not storing them in the index sheet? I think there's a few ways I could do it, and I think the current solution just isn't great - already a bit of a nightmare to edit and I've barely touched a third of the Capes in the Bay.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:cardboredpie, OmegaKnight, kurotsuki007 and 628 others
Tamzar
Feb 24, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Eight
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
May 21, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,655
What to do when you suddenly have more time in the day? It isn't a minor increase, when you think about it. On a weekend, sure - being a Noctis Cape just earned you an extra eight hours in your day. Pretty nice. Fifty-percent more time than you started with. But on a weekday? The difference was more drastic. When you already spend close to eight hours at school, with perhaps an hour or two on either side travelling, eating or preparing for school - you only have around six hours to yourself. Now, that six hours was closer to fourteen. Now that was a big difference.

Which meant that it wasn't quite so simple as just 'doing more of what I was doing'. This power had done the equivalent for me as removing school from the equation entirely. It had given me a full-time-job's worth of time to play around with. It almost seemed like a waste to patrol with it. Capes were people too, they rarely did much at night outside of special occasions - and I didn't really care that much about basic muggers and drug dealers. It was more important to be seen doing something about them, get my reputation as a vigilante rolling - than actually making a dent in crime statistics.

No. There were two real options that I could dedicate my new 'time' towards. The first, Tinkering. Squealer plus Leet - even if I didn't have the final level of power from either of them, I'm sure I can whip up something useful. The second option, finding challenge targets. The obvious downside of that was that pretty much everyone was asleep.

But, at the same time, the upside was that... pretty much everyone was asleep.

Alright, that sounded better in my head. It wasn't like I was actively planning on creeping into the Dallon household to spy on them in their sleep. Or, even doing the same to Taylor or Sophia to maximise challenge attempts. I'd thought about it, admittedly. Considered how effective the shadow state could be in such an endeavour. But I wasn't serious about it.

Not that serious. Only a little bit-

Okay, look - the security system in that house probably wasn't crazy. Maybe a few cameras, I could scout the entire place out via the WRLD modifier on random civilians and be peeking on the entire family at dinnertime, and spend eight-hours a night peering through the ceiling at Victoria Dallon trying to sleep. I'd be bouncing her on my cock before Monday. Probably with the rest of the family happily watching.

Assuming I didn't get caught. Which - maybe. I don't know. There was a reason I was chickening out of the idea, despite the feeling that I could probably get away with it. They had to have taken some measures after Fleur was killed, right? Something easily missed on a cursory glance. Or external support that wouldn't be noticed by my challenges - a Thinker or pre-cog looking out for intruders on Protectorate-aligned teams... no. That sounded so unlikely. But... I couldn't, right? It sounded crazy. There had to be something, right?

But my entire power was crazy.

No, no, no. I'm not playing this game - where everything is completely fucked if someone glances up and spots the shadowy face sticking out of their ceiling. This is real life, and even if I got away after getting caught - there would be no way of escaping the PRT long-term without joining the Empire for protection. Slow and steady. That was the plan. I'd played things slow so far, taken my time - consolidated my girls in a somewhat 'natural' way, kept my powers growing at a steady pace and my reputation was absolutely immaculate. I didn't need to throw that away just because Glory Girl had a fantastic pair of tits and I was feeling impatient.

It was just frustrating. The feeling of passing up on medium risk, massive reward. I'd take the chance every time if it was just a challenge, but it wasn't. The chance of failure was there, even if I had faith in my own abilities. Even if I considered it unlikely that any notable protections were unaccounted for. The metaphorical D20 might be stacked in my favour, but the possibility of hitting a 'one' was still there - the chance of death. Of furious questions and accusations from the PRT drawing in Thinker or pre-cogs probing my actions, at which point everything I'd worked for would implode. Was it cowardice? Or patience? It was hardly like my current path to power was entirely risk-free, and being slow risked exposure in its own way too.

I don't know. It was just frustrating, having this much time - no longer needing to sleep at all - and knowing the exact location of multiple Capes to challenge. Yes, I probably sounded pretty creepy salivating over the idea of watching someone sleep and whispering challenge every few minutes - but those are just the cards I've been dealt. New Wave was obviously the prime-target for that, but following Sophia home wouldn't be hard either. How much did the PRT really watch out for their Wards at home? Taylor was out, only because of the nature of her power - not a chance that I would go undetected sneaking around her house.

I'd feel so much better about this if I just had no idea where to find anyone, like most of the Protectorate and the gangs. It was only because I had the opportunity that I was having to talk myself out of the idea. Honestly, other Capes didn't realise just how good they had it. It was easy enough for them to be all judgemental about the mental battles going on in my head, but I bet most other Capes would make the same kind of decisions of choosing power over morals. If Armsmaster got to boost some aspect of his power by kicking puppies in the street? He'd have set up a fully-automatic puppy-kicking machine by now. If Velocity was given the option by his power to not be a useless jobber, but only if he knocked over some defenceless old lady every day? He wouldn't settle for a light push, he'd shove her into oncoming traffic with enthusiasm.

Probably. Wouldn't even get any extra benefit out of it, he just seemed like the type to enjoy it - getting back at the world for his sucky power.

Maybe that was a bad analogy. Metaphor. One of those.

Stop it, Greg. Focus up. Rather than trying to distract yourself from the - admittedly tempting - possibility of sneaking into houses to watch people sleep, there was an easier path to power. A better path to power. A more reliable path to power.

Tinkering. Technically, I'd had the option for a while already - but the initial level of both of my Tinkering powers had been more about understanding and building on what had already been made, rather than making some great innovation myself. Especially Leet's power. Because building up to some major, usable project that was also safe was something that even Leet took weeks and months to achieve, and even if some shortcuts were open to me - I didn't have her time, resources or expertise. I couldn't skip straight to making an awesome mech, I needed to build the engine, the wings, the weapons, the body - each part introducing a new quirk that I just didn't really have the time or resources to iterate on to my satisfaction.

But Squealer's power didn't have quirks. No hidden chance of failure - or of a critical hit - and even if that, perhaps, dampened the potential of the final product - it did make completing a larger 'Leet' project much more achievable. Keeping the wider, exotic elements from Leet's wider speciality, but constructing the minor parts through Squealer - in the example of the mech, making a Squealer-based engine and adding Squealer-based weapons, only combining it into the final product through the speciality of Leet right at the end, as Squealer's speciality starts to falter as the wider design strays away from her usual tanks and over-engineered monster trucks. Only one or two quirks to handle in the design, every part as reliable as a 'standard' Tinker - with all the absurdity that Leet at his- her - best can manage.

That was the dream. The ideal. It would be arrogant to just assume everything was going to go my way the first time. That every project would be a success. Especially now that I was looking to do more than simply adapt a superior design gift-wrapped for me. But the theory was sound.

I was excited at the possibilities. The haul that I'd extracted out of Squealer... well. I'll admit, I was a little impressed. I'd never have thought her capable of some of these things back in my days as just a PHO troll. I could see the flaws, see why they hadn't really seen active and regular use - but the ideas were there. And my Tinker powers were at their best when it came to stealing an idea and hacksawing it into something useful. Yes, that teleporter had some issues - I wasn't entirely sure I trusted it with my own body without seeing the full designs behind it, even if my power did merrily spell out what was wrong about it's functionality. But it did, fundamentally, transport matter. Ten, twenty metres for larger loads like a vehicle. Maybe up to a hundred for a human. And it only got better as you got smaller. That was amazing. That was, potentially, an entirely new power for me. If I could get it working. And fix the portability issue, and the range, and the side-effects-

Look. There was a reason Squealer wasn't using it everywhere. I could fix those things. Eventually. Probably.

And some of it, fortunately, I could do right from my own room. Coding functionality into each minor part of the beacon. Convenient, because even if I was a Noctis Cape now - I wasn't really sure whether or not I should trust Clara and Alice with my Cape status. Did I trust them to do what they thought was best and safest for me? Absolutely. Did that mean that I was sure I wouldn't get thrown to the PRT for 'safety' the minute they realised Lung was after my head? Hm. Tough one. Made tougher by the fact that I... didn't really know them. Not really. My power had twisted them, unrecognisably so. And that was a good thing. They were terrible before. Horrible people. Completely deserved it. But... they weren't really the people that they were. Closer to... distant roommates, with a certain fetish for pseudo-incest and the sexual appetite to act on it. I liked them, but I couldn't tell you their opinions on the PRT or certain vigilantes.

At a guess, their opinion would be something favourable to me - but I'd started doing all of my... stuff, long after I'd maxed them out. Which comes back to that question that's been on my mind for weeks now: Was my power a constant effect, reaffirming their loyalty towards me? Or was it a one-time thing, reshaping them into the kind of person who would follow me and be likely to continue following me? If I became an outright villain, would they turn on me if they found out? Would Taylor? Would Sophia? Or would I be immediately outed as a Master as multiple Capes immediately break away from their own groups to join me no matter what I did?

I couldn't say. And that meant assuming the worst for now - that revealing my identity to them was too much of a risk for not enough reward. The only real benefit would be a lack of suspicion when I'm out and about in the middle of the night, but I only needed to make it normal for me to not be around the house that much to get that benefit anyway. If they just assumed that anytime I was missing, I was at a party or some sleepover somewhere - that worked just as well, or maybe even better, than them fretting over news feeds talking about a vigilante brutalising villains downtown.

Enough thinking. I could argue with myself all day about the right thing to do here. Better to focus on actions. Like Tinkering. And the things I could do while sitting in my room at home, pretending that I still needed to sleep at all.

There were plenty of minor things I could work on, either on my own or by puppeting my ash clone. My more advanced Tinkering projects would need some element of coding behind them that would warrant sitting at the computer for a while, although I'm inclined to think that it would be smart to save that for last in any larger products - I'd rather do that with the power of Kid Win or Armsmaster, Squealer's speciality wasn't truly relevant enough despite what she'd managed to achieve and coding the early building blocks with Leet's power sounded like a disaster already.

But all of this talk about what bits of Tinkering I could and couldn't do ignored the central question. What should I do? What should I make? What was the most useful thing I could start building? The way I see it, I have three options:

Option one. An item, or multiple items, that I can use to fight in challenges. Limited, smaller-scale things that I can quickly gather the required resources for to recreate through the power of my paste-box - without triggering the anti-stalling measures from my power. The resource limitation would be the biggest thing here. If I can't build it from some half-empty toolboxes, some cables and a laptop or two - it's too complicated. Too unreliable to justify the effort.

Advantages, getting stronger faster by overcoming roadblocks on my currently accessible challenges. Just the one advantage, but it was a big one. Disadvantages, the lack of resources would be incredibly limiting on the amount of good shit that I could make - and I'd have to use Leet's power for most of it, which would mean either spending a lot of time working around the ever-increasing likelihood of 'quirks' in the simplest of designs, or simply accepting that my one-shot-per-challenge paste box might give me a tool with an increasingly high chance of failure. The tools would probably need to be pretty specific to the issues I was facing too, which wouldn't be much of an issue if I could reliably reach and challenge certain targets with any consistency. It was unfortunate that the paste-box was limited to Tinkertech, otherwise using it as a simple power to reshape metal would have its uses in making weapons - but, no. It couldn't be a knife, it had to be a fancy Tinkertech knife. Not a screwdriver to help with Tinkering, but a screwdriver with some silly Tinkertech function tucked away in it somewhere. Meh.

Option two. Something to help me fight in real life. I don't really have any major beef with the other gangs or the Protectorate right now, so really this was about building something to help fight Lung. A worthy goal, certainly. I was definitely lacking any easy access to powers that could drop Lung to the ground in a serious fight, and even simply surviving would be a tough ask unless I had the opportunity to flee in my speed-state. Advantages, not dying. Having the confidence to take the fight to Lung set me up for the possibility of seeking him out and challenging him 'safely' for one of the best powers in the Bay. Not dying. Easy to collaborate and bring in other Tinkers to help, no need to limit myself to resources or the size of my paste-box. Not dying. I could make something as esoteric and crazy as I liked, knowing that I only needed to make a single version. Not dying.

Ok, might be lingering too much on the 'not dying' aspect. I was just concerned. It was one thing for me to speculate that Lung was mad at me, but Miss Militia's fresh warning - and then my own browsing of recent sightings indicating that Lung really seemed to just be... 'silent', was making me increasingly concerned. Lung didn't just go missing. Lung didn't just 'ignore' incursions into his territory, like the last three days of clashes with the Empire seemed to indicate him doing. I didn't take him for a guy that would run just because he lost one Cape. To me, that said that he was either lying low - waiting to find someone - like me - in an ambush... or he just hadn't been here for a while. Why? Well. Wasn't that the question? What would Lung do if he wasn't busy defending his home turf. Making alliances? Getting resources? Reinforcements? Was he on the plane back from Japan right now, a half-dozen Yakuza-aligned Capes now at his beck-and-call? Was that even how Japan's Cape scene worked? I don't know. Maybe.

Moving on.

Option three. Make something to give me access to more challenges. Stealth, pure mobility or simple tricks to give me line-of-sight into areas that I wouldn't normally be able to discretely access. If it wasn't for the fact that my power didn't work through camera feeds, making a few drones or discrete cameras would be the most promising avenue by far - but unfortunately, any kind of 'remote' observation would have to be either a trick like the portals that one time in Australia, or some other kind of method to extend my vision into otherwise dangerous areas. Some well-placed mirrors and some binoculars? One-way see-through glass to hide behind undetected? Rework the invisibility of my new car into something more portable? Glasses to let me see through walls?

Okay, with the last one I was admittedly thinking of seeing through clothes first - but it was a serious idea! I didn't know how to really go about it, but whatever Armsmaster had done with Sophia's helmet to see electricity within walls was probably a good start.

I lean back with a quiet groan. Too much thinking. After a night that had already been... intense, by every definition of the word. Realistically, there was no particular reason that I couldn't do option one entirely within the simulations of my power - the anti-stalling measures would definitely kick in at some point, but with so many potential challenges on regular civilians to choose from that probably didn't matter much. I just needed designs that were Tinker-y enough to register to my power, without the material requirements being problematic for challenges that don't just hand me a workshop or a junkyard to work with - that wasn't something that could only be done in real life.

So, really - it was between option two and three. And as intriguing as the idea of three was - the idea of just getting the tiniest peek into the Wards lounge, or the Protectorate front door, or having reliable enough invisibility that I could just outright peer into the Dallon household all day - it seemed like a gamble and overcomplicating an issue. I had other ways to access those Capes, it just involved steps I wasn't ready for right now.

So. That settled it. Tinker objective: Anti-Lung equipment.

Easy to think. Easy to say.

Not so easy to execute.

I should probably refresh my memory, see what I'm getting into before I commit to an idea. This is where years of Cape research come in handy - I know exactly where to start looking.

Click. Click. Scroll. Click. Click.

My eyes alight on the familiar powerscaling boards of PHO. Yes, a toxic cesspool and my home-away-from-home - but also one of the single greatest concentration of hard facts, feats and videos for any given Cape could be found. Even I had a thread these days, and only around a third of the posts on it were from myself on sockpuppet accounts.

I click on the first video compilation, lean back and settle in to watch as my screen fills with footage of Purity firing her blasts down into the city towards an unseen target - the camera moving only when Lung appears out of the dust, smoke and debris, visibly growing larger with every passing second.

Ah. The failed ambush from the Empire. A classic. Maybe one of my favourite bits of Cape-battle footage ever. Even ignoring the need to document specifics about his power, I could genuinely watch this for fun.

And that was fine.

Who said research had to be boring?



--



"The problem-" I drum my fingers against the invisible sides of my car, now safely tucked away into a newly acquired garage with an original owner that didn't seem likely to ask questions in the face of cold, hard cash. "-is that there are too many problems. I don't hit hard enough to take him out, even when he's in his base form. I don't have the defensive abilities to meaningfully protect myself from a continuous assault - Glory Girl's shield will only take the first hit, and I don't even know how it will handle any concentrated amount of fire. I already know that Shadow Stalker's power can be hit by energy weapons and electricity, so I shouldn't discount the possibility that a sufficient amount of Cape-magic fire could hurt me." I'd tested on smaller flames and not noticed much, but that wasn't the same thing.

My newly-resummoned ash clone doesn't respond, quietly resuming its work of cleaning up the inside of my new car. I might be mulling over the idea of disassembling it, but returning after a few hours had reminded me that Taylor and I had made a bit of a mess in the back seats - and I certainly wasn't intending to clean up the soon-to-be work area myself.

"Vista, Clockblocker, Shadow Stalker, Glory Girl - they're all, like, resources. Things that I can expend for short-term safety, but Lung can just blast through them - probably get bigger and stronger in the process. That's made worse by the fact that he's both fast and bulky enough that I can't really escape on foot. Even if I put walls between us, he's strong enough to bulldoze through them without meaningfully falling behind. I don't actually get to safety if I jump through a wall, because he's still faster going through the same obstacle after like, a minute of growing." I hum. "I would have included Clockblocker as an offensive option - trapping him like I do with other Brutes and giants, but with my limits on size that only really works with string. He'll burn it up before I even get close, unless I set it up in advance and lead him into it - but, even then, he's more of a Brute than a speedster. I don't think he'd turn himself into dragon-sushi just by running into timelocked string."

The ash clone doesn't respond, quietly scrubbing away.

"No, the only actual safety I have is from Velocity's power. As long as I get time to activate it, I can escape - he's fast, but not that fast. And, by running away, I'm dropping aggro on him and he's probably not going to get any bigger and faster. Losing those enrage stacks, you know?" That was how the Protectorate liked to deal with him these days. Run away enough, and Lung would slink away in his own as his power started to de-escalate on its own. Whatever the limits on Lung's power were, he clearly couldn't be at full power all the time - eventually, he went back to being a normal- no, not normal - but a much weaker Brute. He wouldn't want to revert to that point in unfriendly territory, or in a place where Dauntless or someone could do their absolute-best to one-shot him before he could hide himself away.

But, as sensible and viable as that plan was... it leaned on superior mobility. I could be pretty tricky with my powers, finding three seconds to get into the speed-state might take some doing - but I trusted myself to make something work.

Taylor, on the other hand, was not that mobile.

In an ideal world, she wouldn't even be close enough for someone to consider her as a target - but I had to assume the worst was possible. A situation where Lung was just, there. Like an ambush on one of our patrols, or - as with Oni Lee - disrupting a regular gang operation only to realise the big boss was sitting at the table. A moment where I would have to stand and fight, rather than duck and run.

Or, duck and hang around - because if I got even a glimpse of Lung I was challenging that motherfucker on cooldown until he finished running home. I wanted that power. Point aside, it wasn't enough for me to be able to escape. I needed to be more than just a gnat that could be ignored - because, quite frankly, Taylor would be in an even worse position than me. I couldn't do much except escape when faced with Lung, but Taylor couldn't even do that.

I bite my lip at the thought. It was an annoying one. Taylor was simultaneously the weakest point in our operations, while also being the only reason that going out on patrol was even worthwhile in the first place. Running around like a lunatic in my speed-state trying to find an active mugging or Cape fight wasn't even a fraction as good as what she could do effortlessly in a wide area with her bugs - to say nothing of how much I enjoyed having her around against gunmen and Oni Lee. Yes, I had experience in my challenges - but I also had a lot of experience dying in my challenges. I wanted her around, even if it restricted my options in some ways.

A partner was good, I just... wasn't really used to the idea of covering for the weaknesses of someone else. I didn't really consider myself a team player like that. Usually, I'd think about how to take the fight to Lung personally - maybe find a way to modify my mecha-blade into something actually usable against an opponent capable of thinking, dodging and fighting back. But that wasn't even a simple task on its own, even ignoring the technical aspects - how could I transport a weapon like that, keep it to hand on patrol, actually use it on him without relying on the shadow state as that would drop it to the floor before I could reform?

No. I needed something simpler. Smaller. Easy to use, easy to conceal. The idea of making a gun flits through my mind briefly, as forbidden as it seemed to be in my challenges - would that restriction hold true out here in real life? Maybe, maybe not. But, even if I could probably make a pretty cool gun if I put the work in - I didn't think I could make a gun so cool that it would match a barrage from Purity on a Lung that had yet to even truly transform. If he could heal and thrive off of that, I doubted I could make anything that would help unless it literally decapitated him in his base form.

And then I wouldn't get his power. So even if I did manage to accomplish something that the majority of the superpowered population of the city had been trying to do for years, it would be a complete own-goal anyway.

So what did I want to do? If I couldn't one-shot him, any true offensive would be pointless. That left retreating, or stalling. Escape, or containment.

I could probably work something out, using Squealer's haul. Easier, if Leet got around to answering her DMs anytime soon. I wanted to arrange another meetup, and snag Uber while I was there - but she hasn't been online on PHO ever since our last interaction. Probably enjoying TInkering with a new understanding of her power, which was understandable - but I just wish she'd do that after telling me where to find her. Because the only Tinkers in the Bay that I'd trust to do anything about in the face of Lung were her and Armsmaster - and I doubted I was beating the absolute bullshit that were the modifiers on the latter anytime soon.

I pause. No, that wasn't quite true. I had a... semblance of an idea for Armsmaster. The makings of a plan. But, in the face of the CONT modifier, it needed to be perfect the first time I tried it - and, most annoyingly, it needed me to die at least once against him getting the information I needed for it to work. As his first challenge, that didn't actually amount to a huge cooldown - but seeing Armsmaster at all was not exactly a regular occurrence for me.

Something to help in a fight, but not to cause injury. No active electricity while I was carrying it around. Or, if I couldn't deal with that, I'd have to hand it off to Taylor and let her handle it. Think. Leet's power, activate! Except, no. No flash of brilliance - no insane idea that just might work, that might break open the world of Tinkering for me forever. I had ideas, sure - but ideas more in the line of 'this is better than a dedicated team of engineering students could build' than 'this is going to turn Lung into a frog with the wave of a hand'.

I cast a slightly sour glance at the discarded sack in the corner. My greatest Tinker invention, bar none, was built from basically stealing a tried-and-tested design from Leet and then bastardising it for my own use. Even with my power providing some shortcuts, my Tinker powers were clearly intended to work in concert with somebody else. I should probably accept that if I didn't want to spend weeks iterating and improving on a design - I needed to stick to my roots: Being a shameless leech.

The teleporter beacon, then. I fish it out of the bag, taking another few moments to find the paired device that comes with it. Beacon, target. Simple. Intended as an emergency escape tool, except for a glaring weakness where electrical energy disrupted the scanning and calibration steps, which then threw off the targeting system. Which was a great thing for my power to tell me, but actually fixing that was no easy feat - my power didn't make it easy for me to work out how to fix it, it just told me the nature of the problem and whether said problem was still there or not.

But it was fine. Because rather than doing the equivalent of taking over a senior coding developer's work - 10,000 lines in the making, no comments and a vague description of the bug at the top of the file - I could just work around it. Fine. It starts to fuck up if it tries to transport electricity, even organic things. No problem. How can I use that? The first idea - simply using it as an offensive weapon - goes out the window. Lung would melt the thing before he got close. And even if it did work, what if he died? What if he didn't and just came right back at me from the relatively-small range it would drop him off at?

I scratch my head, skimming through ideas as Squealer's power surges to the forefront of my mind. Too many ideas. Too many possibilities, that all ignored whether it was truly feasible for me or not. I couldn't afford to be a regular Tinker that could hide away for weeks on a project. I needed an idea that just worked. And, was also useful to me. That latter part was the biggest issue.

"It's not going on a monster truck, stop that." Just needed to finesse my way around her specialisation first. "Not a tank. Not an offroader." More and more ideas stream through my head. "Not a bike. Not a-" I pause. "Actually, hold that thought." I was never going to get the power to separate entirely from the idea of this thing attaching to a vehicle in some way, the trick was more about getting a great schematic that I could then rip out of the vehicle and attach to a person - even if I had to lean on Leet's power to do it. It was an awkward way to do things, the necessity of switching into different Tinkertech powers and iterating on the different designs and failures didn't play well with the lengthy cooldown on my paste-box - and I wanted to save that for any sudden meetup suggestions from Squealer or Leet anyway.

Good old Tinkering by hand. That was fine. I needed the practice, and I needed some way to pass the time anyway. I didn't have any real plans today, and the city was usually pretty quiet the day after a big fight like that happens. Neither Taylor or Sophia had raised the idea of another patrol this weekend, which made our next likely meetup Monday night.

That gave me most of the weekend, including the nights, to get this thing into functional shape.

Loads of time. Maybe I wasn't a true genius, but let's face it - I'm better off than most. My experience and knowledge, born from wading through pages and pages of threads discussing every change across every ArmsCycle version - would shine through here.

Resources? Not an issue. Probably. Squealer had offered up access to one of 'her' scrapyards during our 'negotiations'. I didn't really need much in raw materials, but if Squealer's power wasn't going to give me any ways to implement this design without having an oversized vehicle around it - then I may as well start with an actual vehicle.

I zip away from the garage in my speed state, scattered collection of tools and the oh-so-crucial teleport beacon from Squealer tucked under my arms. Small enough for my speed-state to register them as attached to me, fortunately - or this would be one awkward trip.

Ten seconds later, I zip back - and put on my mask. Not in a challenge right now Greg, pay attention.

Tinkering time.



---



It doesn't take long after I arrive at the unmarked, fenced-off location - which appeared to be something closer to an abandoned towing business - to realise that Squealer might have exaggerated the value of one of her 'premiere scrapyards' when negotiating for my assistance. Namely, that she'd already picked the place clean of all of the good stuff. There was hardly a vehicle in sight that hadn't been cored out for parts or general scrap, leaving behind hollow shells that barely helped with the designs in my head at all.

I couldn't be mad. I got everything I wanted out of that transaction anyway, and maybe it was a bit too much to expect a thriving scrapyard from a gang too weak to hold any territory worth holding at all. And, at the end of the day - it wasn't like she'd be able to hide her better scrapyards and resource stores from me once we were properly Tinkering together. I could be patient on that front. She'd come to me, I'm confident about that.

And the fact of the matter is, I could still use this place. It would just be a little more awkward. Nothing here was capable of being driven back to my 'workshop' - but I could build here just fine. Nobody seemed to be actively watching the place save for the stoned guard at the entrance that took one look at my mask and pointedly looked away to mind his own business, and it was tucked away enough from the main roads that I wasn't worried about any passers-by getting curious about any noise.

I take some time to peruse the small sea of dead vehicles. This was every bit as much about seeing something that could prompt Squealer's power to make the right kind of idea as it was about finding resources. It wasn't enough to just want to attach a teleportation feature onto an existing vehicle, I needed the feature to work in a certain way - to offer a certain level of utility or combat potential to me specifically. Sure, a car that could teleport to the other side of the road was generally useful, but it didn't change anything for me personally. I needed a game changer - and directing the flow of ideas was hard, it felt more along the lines of browsing through a photobook of half-related suggestions rather than specifying my needs to a mechanic.

Not a sports car. Not a monster truck. The half-hearted suggestions keep coming. Employing the teleportation beacon as a method of repeatedly building up speed on a straight line just wasn't that useful to me. Nor were the next half-a-dozen ideas that come as I roam through heaps of discarded, twisted metal. A 'digging machine' that simply transported the material in front of it away? Interesting, but still - useless.

Would I need to use Leet's power in the end after all? I didn't want to use it at this early stage. It added complexities and failure points that I didn't really have time to test against and mitigate. And as much as I loved the modified mechablade, there was little getting around the fact that it nearly killed me in the challenge - I didn't really want to test my luck in real life just because I had to lean on Leet's power to make not just the overall device, but the individual components. Not just one potential quirk, but dozens - even if the chances were low for now.

I eye up one gouged-out vehicle. A crane, of sorts - though not the type that would be found towering over the skyline. Smaller than that. Something to pick up heavy loads, swing them around and drop them somewhere - not too dissimilar to a forklift, except for the grabbing claws being clearly designed to pick up different loads from above rather than lifting from below. I'm about to dismiss the idea Squealer's power proposes again, until I pause in thought and consider it closer.

There was barely anything left of the vehicle. The inner workings that gave it any true lifting strength were long-gone - but that didn't matter. I had the vision. The spark of an idea as Squealer's power proposed the union of the Tinkertech in my hand, and the vehicle in front of me. I could see it. This vehicles cargo appearing directly within the clawed contraption, no need for any precision on the arm if you only ever needed to place materials down or drop them in place - for a moment, I can't help but be distracted by the idea of this becoming part of a larger manufacturing suite - but that's not what I'm looking for right now. The design was there. Not perfect, but a good enough start. I seize onto it. The way the teleportation beacon should be embedded within the arm itself, the extra power cable that would be required, affixing the destination-targeting markers onto the tips of each claw - and how to redesign the 'bracelets' to account for the new, non-human cargo.

Two problems. One, as expected, the design was too big for my paste-box. Not that I would have it back for another few hours still, but that was a problem. Two, even once I was done - everything would still be firmly attached to a vehicle that wouldn't move - and that I wouldn't want to use even if it would.

One thing at a time. That first part? Fine. I knew this was going to need some real Tinkering, and this wasn't going to be a one-man job anyway. My ash clone - and with it, the knight and the Brute rating that came with it - were the next best thing to powertools that I had without getting back to my workshop and the freshly-acquired collection inside. And, if I wanted, I could go and buy or find whatever I was missing while my ash clone took over the tinkering. The second part? Well. I could say the same thing about Leet's sword not being designed for anything other than a mech, and I managed to make that work - didn't I?

I could do that.

But of course, a vehicle like that didn't help me - but the actual utility might. Looking at what it actually does, ignoring what it is attached to? I could use it. Flip the script. Instead of transporting movable things away to a set beacon, transport fixed-in-place items towards me as I move around. I carry the beacon personally, slap target markers on whatever needed moving before my patrol and trigger it whenever I need it. I already have a few stashes of confiscated grenades lying around, the natural consequences of stumbling the hideouts of random gang members here and there - being able to teleport those, directly onto my location with no real warning, then phase out? That could be the 'oomph' that I was missing in my kit. Adding containment foam to the mix would be nice too, except - I didn't know where to get that.

Correction, I didn't know where to get that without being a thief. I knew exactly how to walk into the rig, and I'm confident at least some of the passwords I remember will work - it's just, it will be pretty obvious it was me once I use them - or just once they review the tape. Unlike my challenges, there were consequences here.

I'd have to work on that one. I couldn't exactly ask nicely to get containment foam. I don't think they even gave that to New Wave, and certainly wouldn't make them available to me - not while I was still skirting the line of vigilantism. Normal grenades for now. Just for Brutes, of course. I'd want some kind of mechanism to prime them before detonation - teleport a bundle at once for added effect. The range of the teleport beacon already scaled up as the objects got smaller, so with the right set-up I didn't need to limit myself to grenades. I could tag different items in advance, ensure I was never truly unarmed. Never truly that far away from my costume. Give myself access to tools, to first-aid kits, carry a phone without leaving it powered off all the time to carry it in the shadow state.

The more I think about it, the more I like it. It's not such a departure from the original purpose of the device that I was moving into uncharted territory. I was just making adjustments - moving the order of operations around a bit. Adding on minor features that didn't really affect the part of the device that was pure Tinkertech bullshit. I wouldn't need weeks of Tinkering and experimentation to complete it, all the hard work was already done.

And actually making it was simplicity itself. I couldn't skip straight to the final product, but I could build the working example on the vehicle frame as Squealer's power intended - and then strip it out and slim it down for personal use, in precisely the same way I did for the mechablade.

My ash clone stirs to life next to me, and a moment later, a stray tentacle ekes towards the nearest pile of broken metal and discarded nuts and bolts. The familiar image of my knight slowly forms as the tentacle folds over itself, increasingly coated in a rusty, metallic coating as more and more trash is gathered into itself.

I nod to myself as it starts to tear into the nearest car, Brute strength messily separating metal and plastic into different piles as it attempts to gather the resources I need to complete the design.

As for me... I'm going to need to see how many tools were left behind in my workshop from the previous owner, or maybe just buy some new ones. I might not need to get the complete design working, but this was certainly too big to leave in the hands of the paste-box.

But I could do it. And it would be amazing.

And everyone would be falling over themselves to see it first.



--



PHO Mobile:

You have accepted a friend request from HotWheels.

Displaying Recent Private and Group Chats (Last 10 messages):

Void Rangers Group Chat:

XxVoid_CowboyxX changed the name of the group to [Void Rangers].

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Anyone want to see my cool new Tinkertech?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Don't be shy.

Arachne: Can't get away from my Dad, sorry. Show me on our next patrol?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Fair enough. What about you Shadow? I know you read my last message. Limited time offer. I don't mean to brag but this is the coolest thing I've ever made - trialling it out is actually pretty fun. Might even let you two try it out if you ask nicely enough.

theDARKESTshadow: Who?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: What? You. I made it, you try it out. Can you read?

theDARKESTshadow: Asked?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Fuck you.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: And stop changing the group name. Neither of you have anything better and you know it.

theDARKESTshadow: Go offline already. Got my finger held over the edit button right now.



Private Chat with HotWheels:

HotWheels: This is my personal account, probably smarter to keep unofficial deals to this one.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: And the Cape account has Skids looking over your shoulder and checking your messages?

HotWheels: Not answering that.

HotWheels: To be clear I'm not agreeing to a fucking thing you said before. I don't want anything from you. This is just to link up, if we're going to be working together at some point in the future.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: No pressure, it's all your decision at the end of the day. Just know that I'm here and we can do stuff together any time you like, for whatever reason you like. Tinker buddies, right?

HotWheels: I wouldn't call it Tinkering, but your power seems useful enough. I'm reworking a few designs of mine to fit inside the box, I'll be in touch.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Not Tinkering? I won't stand for slander. What do you think of my latest creation? IMG

HotWheels: What the fuck is that? Is that supposed to be from my power? It's the ugliest thing I've seen in my life and I work for the Merchants.

HotWheels: You're going to drag my reputation into the dirt with that shit. Where are you right now?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: ...maybe another time. I'll work on the aesthetics for version two. Or we could work on it together?

HotWheels is offline.



Private Chat with Leet:

Leet: Hey sorry about making it kind of awkward at the end there. Just ignore all of that, got ahead of myself a bit XD.

Leet: We should definitely collab as soon as we can. I've just got a few things to look at on my end, got all kinds of ideas from what you were saying.

Leet: Just hit me up and we can do something cool together, if you want?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Sure, anytime - is tomorrow good for you?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: ?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Alright that was a bit short-notice of me. Thursday evening?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: How about Friday?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Saturday?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Okay you're not streaming so I'm guessing you're still Tinkering. I get it. Tinker Fugue and all of that.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Just let me know when you're back online. Literally any time is good for me, I'll drop everything and come running.



Private Chat with Uber:

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hey, dude - sorry about humiliating you in the mech the other day in front of thousands of your fans and Leet. Just watched the episode myself, I think it's maybe one of the best of all time - but maybe I'm biased.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Anyway, just wanted to check if you could poke Leet for me? She wanted to collab at some point, two Tinkers linking up - but I appreciate she's a bit distracted right now. Can you grab her for me and remind her that I don't know how to reach her?

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Also, this is unrelated but kind of important - are you two smashing? I don't want to pry but, you're not, right? It's just a brother and sister thing, or something like that? I never got the impression that there was anything more there but I kind of need to know for personal reasons.

Uber: (AUTOMATIC) - Thank you for reaching out. Fan submissions for episode ideas are currently CLOSED. If you're interested in appearing on an episode, subscribe to our mailing list for a chance to compete for a spot! Please note that this account is for business purposes only and private messages are not monitored - please do not expect a reply. Instead, consider signing up for one of our fanmeets.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Fine. I'll just show my awesome Tinkertech off to someone who will appreciate it more.

Uber: (AUTOMATIC) - Thank you for reaching out. Fan submissions for episode ideas are currently CLOSED. If you're interested in appearing on an episode, subscribe to our mailing list for a chance to compete for a spot! Please note that this account is for business purposes only and private messages are not monitored - please do not expect a reply. Instead, consider signing up for one of our fanmeets.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: And, for the record, Victor does everything you do - but better. Leet carries you.

Uber: (AUTOMATIC) - Thank you for reaching out. Fan submissions for episode ideas are currently CLOSED. If you're interested in appearing on an episode, subscribe to our mailing list for a chance to compete for a spot! Please note that this account is for business purposes only and private messages are not monitored - please do not expect a reply. Instead, consider signing up for one of our fanmeets.



Private Chat with Parian:

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Maybe with Armsmaster's colours? No, Eidolon might be a better look here. Got to give the right impression, and I'll clash with the Wards if it's too bright and cheerful. Need to be all 'Void-y', right? Dark green.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Actually, green is terrible - maybe we could go with the black and blue, but keep the hooded look? It doesn't even need to fit onto the costume that well, just the hood and the cape to look edgy and cool, then the rest can just be blacks, silvers and greys for the armour and padding over the rest of the costume.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Honestly, maybe not as much armour as we talked about last time though. More than just a stupid bodysuit thing, obviously - but, I'm kind of settling into the hyper-mobile niche right now with my powers and I should probably lean into the light-armour specialisation rather than weigh myself down too much.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: I need pockets as well. Should have mentioned that earlier.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Actually, can the cape and the sleeves be something that are really easy to rip off? Ripping them off and freezing them could be a really cool trick in a pinch and it's kind of tiring packing random tissues into my pockets and foldable towels into my pockets all the time.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Another idea - can I get one really solid thread running around the edge of the cape? And make the cape really light? So that if I moved just the one thread around, it would be like I had telekinesis?

Parian: Please stop adjusting your commission. I work primarily with textiles, I can't even do some of what you've been asking for. And even when I can do it, I don't have infinite time for it between all of my other requests. I will be billing you for everything I've changed.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Oh yeah that's fine - I'll slip you double the price the next time I see you.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: Hey there's an idea, why don't I come over right now? Got something cool to show you.

XxVoid_CowboyxX: I see you haven't read my last chat yet, but just letting you know that I'm on my way!



---



Step. Waddle. Step. I fumble for the door handle somewhere in front of me. Somewhere- there. Push open.

"Gooood afternoon Parian!" I cheer through the open doorway, not spotting her at the counter.

A dark shadow looms over me, I tilt my head over my shoulder to note the imposing figure of an oversized gorilla hanging over me. Not quite up to her usual work, but the vague shape was there. And, presumably, the power. I knew how these things tended to scale with size. The arms might look soft, but that thing was probably in the top 3 Brutes in the Bay right now.

"I like your bouncer! Very cool!" I call out, absently stepping through the doorframe. Not that I had much choice. My mobility was... somewhat impaired like this, turning around at this point wasn't an option.

A pair of gigantic teddy bears flank me on this side of the doorway as Parian finally enters the room and steps towards me - every graceful, deliberate step leaning into her doll-like costumes theme.

Good enough for me to work with. I wasn't just here to show off, after all - getting a glimpse of the rogue was all I needed, and honestly was 90% of the reason I even showed up here.

Enough getting sidetracked. I don't know how long I have before Parian kicks me out, so getting attempts in early might be important here and let me squeeze an extra in before I leave. "Challenge."

Plus, challenging her before someone started talking always made things easier. Keeping track of where I was in the conversation when challenging someone mid-speech is deceptively hard - going straight from an all-out brawl in the dirt straight into an innocent questioning look at my extended silence? I'd like to see someone else try, that's all I was going to say on the matter.

I shake my head. Refresher. Parian. Level two. If I remember rightly, similar to the first - near-invisible tripwires all across multiple floors of a hotel, touching any of them can 'aggro' her and cause her to start making her usual inflatable dolls to defend and attack with. I'd relied on stealth to get close for the first challenge, not understanding what I was even dealing with at the time - but appreciating that giving her less warning to build her larger, more powerful dolls was a good thing.

In this second challenge, the only real difference seemed to be that she was already moving - not actively fighting, but moving between different rooms and acquiring materials to work with. Making smaller dolls, even if she wasn't actively in combat mode yet. That meant that speed, not just stealth, was important here.

Would have been important. To another Greg. A weaker Greg - one who would have struggled with that requirement more. At that time, I would have only had a single shadow state slot with a sizable cooldown to work with. Being perfectly stealthy would have taken too long, left me fighting an oversized doll that I had no means of beating by the time I finally climbed up to the fourth floor where I'd found her before.

With the extra shadow state charges? With the second level of administrator unlocking so much extra versatility and intelligence out of my ash clone? With the knight? With the extra tricks I had now with her own power and clockblocking? I knew my limitations clearly now. The danger wasn't from her knowing I was coming, it was from not having a true answer to her largest creations. I only had to reach her fast enough to deny her the materials that she needed to reach that point, and rely on my experience and powers to carry the rest.

So it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that I choose to simply surge up through the floors with no regard for subtlety, jumping off a nearby ledger to give me the height needed to reach the ceiling. First floor. Second floor. Third floor. I pause. Two seconds. One second. Zero. The first shadow state charge comes back off cooldown. Fourth floor. I brush my hand through the stream of ash as it starts forming the second I leave the shadow state. Mush's powerset slips away from me, the tentacle already racing towards a nearby, half-open door before the figure is even fully humanoid.

"Parian!" I roar my challenge out, not immediately seeing my opponent. The REAL modifier was to my benefit here. She had previously preferred to send dolls out to attack - aiming to stall rather than simply hide and hope I didn't find her.

Which meant that the moment two teddybears start bouncing and drifting around a corner to meet me, I know exactly which direction to find my target in. I couldn't entirely ignore the smaller dolls, they still possessed enough of a Brute rating to cripple a limb with a lucky hit - but there was a reason I only feared the larger constructs. These were pretty slow and predictable, especially so far from the guidance of the Master behind them.

I duck and weave past them, juking to the side and sprinting past before they can halt their momentum and come back after me. A stray thread pulls free from my clothes as I manipulate Parian's own power into a ready-to-use string. And then, Parian is right in front of me - ripped curtains already spinning through the air and forming into an uneven shape as I burst through the door. A moment later, my manipulated string settles into the doorway in a brutish criss-cross pattern. A brief touch clockblocks the entire thing, sealing us both in for the time-being - and momentarily blocking off the efforts of the two teddy-bears from catching up to me. Not that they could be deterred, but I wasn't alone here. My ash clone pulls one away and hurls it into the wall, backing away to dodge the swipe from the second even as the knight moves to intercept.

The knight is small and weak compared to usual. Not enough of the right materials - a body consisting of half-used perfume bottles and loose bathroom tiles just didn't suit the power well.

But I didn't need a powerhouse. I just needed her current minions to not interfere, either by themselves or by Parian merging them into a larger form that could simply break through the wall.

I could handle Parian. And her incomplete project. I might have tried to clockblock the material she was using first, but her larger dolls did get forcefields and I had to make a split-second decision between blocking out the currently-formed dolls to take the 1v1 or settling into a more chaotic 3v3 where she would grow stronger over time and any stray hit on my ash clone would leave me alone against her growing group.

And I liked my chances in the 1v1. Until that doll grew limbs and could direct its own power properly, it was little more than an oversized brick trying to knock me into a wall. She'd shown that she could make a pretty respectable missile out of those before, but as far as her power went she could do much worse than be a budget blaster. I step towards the oversized, unshaped blob as it hurtles towards me - wielding enough force to kill any normal person - but I was far from normal. With my shadow state charges back, I had nothing to worry about. I pass through it seamlessly, lunging into melee range before she even registers my use of Shadow Stalker's powerset.

If she'd had time to finish the puppet locked inside the room with me, this would still have been a painful position. She was in costume, and I'd already found that her outfit offered pretty good protection from simple fists - I probably wouldn't fare well in an extended 2v1, not when one of those two had a Brute rating that I couldn't match.

But a mess like that? A simple ball, a boulder of force? Something like that couldn't discriminate in what it attacked. The moment I start grappling on the floor with Parian, she realises that fact too - that any attack with the orb potent enough to threaten me would also be enough to kill her in the process. And on her own? Not much of a fighter. I wrench at a poorly-placed arm as she seeks to defend herself, receiving a satisfying snap for my efforts. I slam my forehead directly into the centre of the mask, getting a stunned grunt of pain in response. I go back to swinging my fists at her as she flails under the assault.

To her credit, she doesn't slow or hesitate in changing tactics. The ball soars back across the room, slamming into the wall to open up a secondary pathway for her current dolls to arrive through - and in the meantime, I found myself assaulted with fabric as I try to find purchase on her costume. A pillow case attempts to blind me as I wrestle with her mask, a discarded shirt attempts to yank my hand away as I make an attempt to snap her neck. Expending a charge of my shadow state frees me again. I resume landing blows on her form. My hand was coming away streaked with red at this point. Mostly my own blood, her costume wasn't exactly a fun thing to hit - but that didn't matter. I doubted that the fancy aesthetics on her costume really did much to alleviate raw blunt force. She was hurting too, and the more she was hurting, the less she'd be able to apply her power in dangerous ways.

And the sloppier she gets with her power, the more openings I get. Again. Again. The resistance gets weaker and weaker - until the mask cracks entirely, exposing the unseeing expression of the person inside it.

SUCCESS

Reward: Parian+​

I glance behind me as colour starts to bleach from the world - taking in the chaotic scene I'd been ignoring, and blinking at the realisation that the ball was... no longer a ball. Even in the midst of that beatdown, she hadn't given up on forming a complete bodyguard. My ash clone and the knight had succeeded in keeping the smaller bears away from me, but I'd clearly misunderstood her intentions. She hadn't intended to have the bears help her, or even for the ball to sway the secondary fight - it had been to have the ball, or perhaps I should call it the 'body' to link up with the smaller dolls into a larger one.

My knight had obstructed that plan, wedging itself directly in between the attempted merging between one doll and the other, with the ash clone doings its best to drag the third away without being dispelled.

"Nicely done, team." I murmur to myself. That would probably have been the end of the fight if the enhanced intelligence of the administrator-boosted ash clone hadn't recognised the threat and acted to stop it. I didn't have anti-Brute capabilities, so it would have turned into a game of cat-and-mouse around the hotel as I tried to flee and outmaneuver her pursuing minons to find the right moment to attack her, even as she generated more oversized bodyguards as personal protection. A hard ask, especially considering she had the HUNT modifier to help stop exactly that behaviour.

Reality filters back into my vision.

PARIAN

Rogue 3/6

(CAGE) (REAL)​

That was... I'm not sure, actually. If she started with a powerful doll, it was bad - if she didn't, it was good. That was all there was to it. "Challenge."

I swear softly at the oversized feline standing next to my target. Hard to say what exact big cat it was supposed to be, maybe if she'd used coloured fabric instead of pure white - but the exact details didn't matter. What mattered was the size, and therefore, the speed and power it was capable of. Yes, it wasn't the absolute greatest doll I had ever seen her create - but it was big enough that I could expect it's physical stats to comfortably exceed mine, with none of the manoeuvrability issues that the incomplete giant I faced just a moment ago had.

And this time, I didn't have my knight. The CAGE modifiers tended to favour largely empty battlegrounds, and this was no exception - white and grey tiles beneath our feet, the slightly off-colour tint just enough to prevent her chosen bodyguard from gaining the advantage of camouflage as well as everything else. But no waste to be found. No debris. No broken walls or bricks, fallen trees or clusters of muddy rocks. Mush's power wouldn't do a thing here.

I tease a thread out from my shirt as I approach, Parian seeming reluctant to send her primary defence off to charge me prematurely.

I suppose, without the promise of immediately being able to make more - she's playing it more cautious than last challenge. She doesn't know exactly what powers I have, but she must be considering the possibility that I have a power capable of one-shotting the doll.

I don't. But she doesn't know that. Only the PREP modifier gets that. Or CONT, I suppose - in the right conditions.

I circle to the left, inching closer as both of my opponents follow my movements.

Clockblocking this string was my best bet here. I'd love to just get the cat itself, but at that size the forcefield-like effect was most likely active and I would never actually get to 'touch' the cloth directly even as it hit me. But I could trap it. If I could bait it into a certain area, or hold it in place long enough - my current version of Clockblocker's power had a few restrictions when the Manton Effect got involved, but that didn't apply to the cat. If I managed to form a loop around it, or encase it in a cage of string - I would be able to freeze it, even if the power would fail if Parian herself was in the exact same spot. The problem was that her dolls moved faster than I could move the string. Simply attempting to wrap it up mid-combat wouldn't help here - and any failure, even a partial success, would cost me my biggest trump card.

To say nothing of the fact that Parian might simply be able to force the single doll into two, if all I managed was to simply trap it with a simple overly-tight loop.

The cat starts to pad forward, Parian following slightly behind. Cautious.

I could head to the corner or one of the walls, see if I could bait it towards me - that would limit the amount of area I would have to cover successfully with a single string. Or, was that too obvious? Maybe it was. This wasn't waving a red flag at an unthinking bull, this was a thinking, breathing fighter that was already demonstrating a reluctance to make the first move. That was one of the disadvantages of the REAL modifier. The likelihood of an opponent like this. An enemy that is something a bit more than a murderous fighter with a certain powerset.

I press in closer, brushing my hand into the stream about to form into my ash clone as I do so - passing on Parian's power in the process and feeling the lengthy string finish pulling out from my shirt without my input. Just bait the cat in. Even if I take a beating, it's not like it actually had claws or teeth - the shape of the doll only affected the nature of how it could move and hit me, so really it was just a matter of surviving being beaten into the ground for long enough by a simple Brute.

I could do that. As the thought crosses my mind, both of my opponents move - the cat lunging forward to meet me. I don't try and dodge, I simply accept the charge head-on - falling backwards as it tries to bowl me over, a swipe of its paws already aiming at my head as I tank the first hit with my forcefield, dodge the next two with a use of my shadow-state - dipping and dodging under the furious onslaught just to buy my ash clone the few seconds it needed to-

I blink as my administrator and textile manipulation powers return to me, spending a new charge of the shadow state to escape from the furious swipes of the doll. My ash clone seems uninjured, save for the part where it's slowly disintegrating without any visible wound. I glance at Parian, noting the sharply pointed finger being pulled back and away from the clone.

Fuck. Ranged attack. An extremely-small doll that I had overlooked? Some kind of whip? Perhaps a subtle trap that I'd failed to notice, like the invisible tripwires in the previous challenges? It doesn't take much to dispel the clone, even a move intended to disable might have done it.

But that put me into a terrible position. My ash clone may not have been up for long, just a few seconds - but I didn't have a few seconds to wait.

I was fucked.

But that didn't mean that now was the time to give up. I was already intending on sticking around Parian long enough to get a second challenge in, I needed to force her to reveal her hand - even if it wasn't likely that I would be able to pull out the win this time. If it gave me the information I needed to keep my ash clone safe and execute my original plan, that was the next best thing to an actual win.

And besides, maybe actually winning wasn't even that impossible. Her costume was pretty good, but it wasn't like I'd never won a challenge off of a single clean punch or my opponent messing up a grapple and letting me snap necks or limbs with ease.

Shadow state directly through the cat to get the tiniest margin of space from my pursuer. Vista to stretch the space behind me to buy more time. Rip shirt off entirely, place it behind me and freeze in place - just in time for the Brute to slam into it at full speed and impale itself. For a moment, I wonder if the power holding it together might falter entirely at the impact - but I'd hoped for too much. It wasn't actually impaled, but rather indented, almost wrapped around the tiny obstacle. It remains intact, if momentarily struggling with what to do with its body and limbs to break free from its predicament.

It would work it out. But I had a few seconds. Maybe that would be enough for the win. I half-turn, only to let out an unconscious scream at the lances of pain searing into my exposed right side - pain sprouting from my torso, arm and face. I'm bodily yanked to the side, momentum killed entirely as I stumble - barely remaining standing at the sudden shift. I glower at Parian as she pulls her arm back through the air to retrieve her weapon, still a fair distance from me. Ranged attack. I eye the strings flowing back towards her, I was close enough to see them now - glints in the air, difficult to see against the general colour theme of the room.

Manipulating strings? I suppose it was just the same as manipulating textiles in general. Maybe my first power from her hadn't been that much of a stretch after all.

But I hadn't realised she could move them fast and hard enough to qualify as an actual weapon. There must be limits to it, a reason why she didn't just carry around hundreds and turn everything in front of her into a pincushion. A reason that I still had working eyes right now. Perhaps a Manton limit as well? If she could pierce skin from range, then there's no particular reason aside from the Manton Limit why she couldn't go all the way through my body and actually kill me - these minor wounds were painful, debilitating and numerous - but I could still keep moving.

No, that didn't make sense. Either I should have a pierced heart right now, or her only attack method with those strings should be strangling me, throwing me around or tying me up. I was missing something. This time, I catch the shift in the air as strings race out again - my final charge of the shadow state expended to dodge the barely-visible attack, swiping my arm through the air as I reform to attempt to gather a string for inspection. They slip through my grip, until I remember that I have a perfectly serviceable power that could just grab it for me. One string freezes in place, and I bring it up to my face for inspection as heavy footfalls thud behind me.

I consider the needle at the end of the string. I see. The string doesn't need to penetrate into my body, or even get propelled at any great speed - the sharpness of the needle does all the work, and the Manton Effect never comes into play until the string wrapped around and through the upper half of the needle reaches my skin.

At which point, attack successful.

It occurs to me that this is a pretty logical application of her power, one that I could probably have guessed at given her choice in business. I don't know, I only ever saw the videos of her dolls at work and left it at that - I just assumed the clothes-making side of her business was just branding and carving out a niche for herself in the market, not anything that she might actually use powers to help with. There were rules against that, I know that much.

Not that anyone was going to enforce that in Brockton Bay.

I attempt to juke to the side as the cat catches up to me. Useless. Too mobile. Shadow state right as the first charge comes off cooldown. Another ash clone, forming at a distance this time. She dispels it again instantly. Solid range.

The cat pivots and turns on me with impossible grace. One paw slams into my leg, pinning me in place as the rest of the body charges forward and then upwards - a flash of burning-hot agony and then a gaping, impossible absence tells me that the limb is gone before the rest of the pain fully registers.

Whatever. I send an annoyed look to Parian before I die, stretching out my ash clone to the maximum range I could summon it - to appear just behind her. She doesn't react.

She can't see through her dolls 'eyes' directly, I suppose - though I can't rule out a general extra sense of some kind - but that is a way to keep my ash clone alive. It's not entirely a perfect solution, because I needed to touch the clone to give it my string manipulation power and execute my original plan. Next time, I need to make the clone and set it up where she can't see - something done briefly up-close-and-personal, then I retreat to keep her eyes on me while the clone forms and sets up the trap.

I'm tackled from behind, my head jerking back from the impact-

FAILURE

-and subjecting me to the delightful sight of my body being smeared across the otherwise pristine floor.

Of course, I wouldn't need to do any fancy traps or plans if I had a more lethal power to give to the clone - or even use it myself - but I had to work with what I had.

Still annoyed at Miss Militia for that. But honestly, it's also my fault for prioritising other things over camping out in front of New Wave. It might feel slow and unproductive for an evening - only to get perhaps a single challenge as they entered the building - but maybe I would have that missing power by now if I'd done it for a week straight.

Or maybe I'd have hit a brick wall and been worse off than I am now, without the benefits of taking the extra time to advance Sophia and Taylor - without the patrols and outings that placed me around Oni Lee, the Merchants and Leet. I was stronger now, so perhaps I could get better value out of those limited opportunities. I couldn't deny that I was winning more than I used to, that the gains of the last two days dwarfed the gains of my first two weeks. Exponential. I'd considered that before, but it was the truth. A certain critical mass, before everything starts to change.

I dredge myself from my thoughts as Parian - the real one - starts to speak.

"Void Cowboy. I wasn't expecting you. Or, anyone, for that matter." She adds drily. "I don't typically meet customers on Sundays. Hence, the 'Closed' sign."

I half turn, angling my body forward to peer at the red sign. Fair. I didn't think to check - but the door was unlocked anyway, so who's fault was it really?

"Didn't see that." I admit without a trace of shame. "Just tried the door, and it opened! And I did send you a message ahead of time to let you know I was on the way!"

She makes a show of inspecting her phone. "On my day off, yes." I get the impression of pursed lips and an unimpressed expression behind the mask. Or maybe I'm just imagining things. "I can see why visibility would be a problem for you." The Cape drifts closer. "For a moment, I thought I was going to have to fend off a fresh Cape trying to prove themselves for a gang - your inept approach actually helped there, you don't really strike an intimidating figure fighting a doorway like that. Somehow, I knew it was you despite looking like a wannabe version of Kaiser."

"Kaiser?" I protest. "This is-" I gesture down at the heavy metal covering most of my torso. "-completely different."

"If you say so." She doesn't argue. She doesn't need to. I can see her argument, even if I don't want to.

Fine. Note to self, colour scheme is important here. People see a bunch of naked metal entering their vision and think 'Nazi'. I'll add a dash of paint next time, if only to avoid the Kaiser and Hookwolf comparisons.

I deflect the conversation back to where we started. "Probably should have called ahead, came here on a bit of a whim while I was in the area." I admit. "And, yeah - my view is a bit obstructed. Eye-level only for me. I can leave though, just thought I would swing by while I was in the area - just curious about how things were getting along since we last spoke." I didn't really care about my costume - it was all about getting another chance to challenge Parian. But I wasn't one to simply not use a great excuse like that. And with that timer ticking down right next to her... I could use a way to spend some time. "I don't suppose I could sneak a look at it?"

"Fine, just a quick look." The bears step away as she sighs. "You might as well, if only to spare my store the damage that would happen if you tried to turn around now." She peers at me, or rather, at the very obvious addition to my current 'costume'. "An... interesting design, but I hope you weren't going to ask me to remake the costume around that." Parian phrases her words carefully.

"It's not permanent." I grouse lightly, half-turning my body to inspect the grab-claw-like contraption seeming to grip my own torso, the arm sticking out directly forward and ending abruptly - in such a fashion that might lead an uninformed observer to assume it had been messily cut-off by an amateur. A reasonable assumption, but an incorrect one. I was a professional now. I did this for a living. I was a professional by definition. "It's a Tinker thing. Proof of concept, needed to take it out of the workshop to get the range to test it out properly - thought I would swing by while I tried it out. It obviously needs a redesign or two to properly fit around a person, not hang off some construction vehicle - I can't go on a real patrol like this. This version is just proof that I've managed to squeeze all of the necessary parts into something that can be carried around."

"I see." She acknowledges politely. A silence stretches between us for a moment. "Dare I ask what it does? It's hard to imagine you equipping yourself with something so cumbersome if it wasn't worth the cost."

I brighten considerably. "I'm glad you asked. Observe!" I retrieve the controller from my pocket. Turn on. Spin the dial to five. Activate. I hold my arm out in anticipation.

A screwdriver tumbles out of the air and lands on my foot.

I steal a glance with her immutable mask that gives nothing away. I cough. "Ahem. I was hoping that would land in my hand-"

"I gathered that." She nods placidly.

You didn't need to say it! "-but a bit of minor finetuning aside, by the power of my engineering genius - I have harnessed the power of teleportation! Teleporting things to me, specifically."

"Congratulations, Mr Cowboy." She claps politely. It's not the most enthusiastic applause I've ever received, but I'll take it. "Though, you'll have to forgive me if I ask that you don't continue to test your untested product in my establishment. I've grown quite attached to this place."

"It's not entirely untested, to be clear. It's not going to explode - I was just trying out the range-" I sigh in the face of her unyielding body language. "Don't worry, I get it. I'm pretty much done with it anyway. I have to tag the things to teleport in advance, and I only set up so many things to test, you know?"

"Excellent." She clasps her hands together. "Please do make sure to pick that up, it would be terrible if someone slipped on something they couldn't see."

I pointedly don't move. We stare at each other for a short while.

"Can't bend down?" She questions innocently.

"Can't bend down." I admit. Not a chance. I'd never get back up again.

"Unfortunate." She nods placidly. "Well, you'll have to take that thing off to see your costume's progress - I envy your determination for getting this far, but I think navigating the corners to my workspace would be a bit too difficult even for an engineering genius such as yourself."

Was that sass? Am I being sassed? I peer at the full-face mask and get no answer.

And, pointedly, don't make a move. I cough. "About that-"

"Can't get out of it?" I get the distinct impression that she already knew the answer to that, and just wanted to point it out. Was this revenge for stumbling into her store in the middle of a Sunday evening? Pointed barbs and all-too-innocent questions that only served to wound my pride? Sure, I didn't actually mind - but I was going to remember this treatment when I challenge her in a few seconds.

"It's a two-person job." I concede. Technically, my shadow state could get out of it - but it's delicate enough that I wouldn't really want to drop it suddenly. "And my second man is unavailable right now." For another... twenty-five minutes. Stopping myself from leaving the ash clone active for too long while Tinkering had been a good idea. An hour or two at most - I didn't want to end up in a situation where it was down for an entire day when I needed it.

Besides, even while Tinkering - I didn't need it all the time. As helpful as an assistant was, I only had one of each of my Tinker powers - or, to rephrase, if I gave Squealer's specialty to my administrator-boosted ash clone - I didn't have that specialty myself anymore. I technically had two with Leet, but that speciality added complications and considerations that I really didn't need for my first few projects. Leet's power was the last resort, preferably only used for the very final part of the design where no other specialities could help me - putting everything together with minimal 'extra features' clogging up the individual components was the smart thing to do where I could. Squealer's power was solid enough at getting everything else up to that point.

Even if I struggled to make any design through her power that didn't need to sit on top of a vehicle.

I didn't make this semi-portable version through her power, that was just... Greg. Any idiot can move a few components and cables around and keep most of a Tinker device functional, it was just a matter of breaking things for my purposes as a non-Tinker and then fixing anything important that was broken by re-activating her power again and following the newly suggested design. An awkward process. Probably something that could get a lot easier with more specialities under my belt to mix-and-match with, I was only having issues because I was trying to move away from the actual Tinker specialisation I was using.

She tilts her head at me. "Can't run, can't see in front of you, can't sit down, can't bend over, can't turn corners, can't remove it on your own - I confess, I'm not truly a Tinker so perhaps it's hard for me to understand, but it sounds like more of a strange, humiliating punishment than the glorious result of your hard work." She covers her 'mouth' in a pointless gesture. "Unless, is that the point? Mr Cowboy, don't tell me that you..." She trails off meaningfully.

"That I what?" I send her a suspicious look as she doesn't elaborate. "Whatever you're implying, I strongly object to it. This is not the final product. This was a compromise, just to test the fundamentals."

"Of course. Of course." She soothes in a far-too-understanding tone.

She's definitely implying that this is a fetish of some kind. Did beating her second challenge turn her into a pervert?

"It's not." I insist in the face of a Cape who doesn't quite seem to believe me. "What's with that tone? Finish the thought - go ahead!"

"Nothing, nothing. It's none of my business what you do in your free time." She waves at the air as if to brush off the question. "Now, what do I need to do to free you from your... device?"

"The tips of the claws at the back, I turned them into latches that can interlock with each other for stability - you can retract the lock, and then the claws can be moved again, once the supporting straps are loosened." I rattle off as she circles behind me. I let her peer at my back for a moment. "I really should clarify, this absolutely isn't a sex thing."

"I never said it was." She does a poor job of sounding shocked at the suggestion. I can hear the veiled amusement behind her words.

"Sure. Just thinking it. Needed to make it clear." I grumble, ignoring the way her hands linger on my back as she removes the latch pinning the claws in place - I bring my arms up to support the frame in case it suddenly falls.

"Mhm. I'll take your word for it, I don't want to pry into your personal life." She 'accepts' blandly.

"There's nothing to pry into." I attempt to glare at her over my shoulder.

"As you say." She agrees again as one claw loosens. "I will say, these are impressive knots. You and your friend must be very experienced-"

"Stop." I groan. "This is my greatest invention yet, and you're ruining it for me. I already apologised for barging in uninvited-"

"Must have missed that." A second claw comes loose, I stagger forward and rest the frame on a nearby table - easing myself away from the remaining claw.

"Huh? I did-" I pause. Did I? Maybe I didn't, actually. "Huh. I guess it didn't." I pause reluctantly. Maybe I was just bad at apologising. It felt a bit too much like conceding defeat, but it really shouldn't be a big deal. "I think I was at least apologetic-sounding?" The silence continues as I turn to face her. I raise my hands in the air. "Fine, fine. I'm sorry for barging in and scaring the daylights out of you. Happy now?"

"It's something." She retrieves a phone from... somewhere. Does that thing have secret pockets? "Although if you were really feeling apologetic, you could stop asking for last-second adjustments to your costume. Even if you're willing to pay, I do have other commitments than just you."

"In fairness-" I start. "-a good chunk of my requests, they're because of some new power I picked up that I didn't have before and it would be nice to have a costume that works well with all of my powers."

"I can understand that, but let's be honest, Mr Cowboy - most of your requests seem to be seeing another hero costume and trying to incorporate that into your own in some way." Parian steps away, gesturing for me to follow. "If you can't even settle on a colour scheme, let alone the design, how am I ever supposed to finish?"

You don't. I don't say that. But I think it. Until Parian and I became... either friends, teammates or fuckbuddies - the relationship of client and tailor would have to continue. Could I push for that now? I don't think so. As much as I had criticised myself for not pushing harder on Emma and Taylor at the time, I saw them every day - there were things to build on there, relationships shaped over time that just didn't exist here. I was only a customer. Perhaps, in her mind, a little more attractive than her usual - but no more than that.

And I didn't get the impression that she was as much of an introverted pushover as Mush, as exploitable and vulnerable as Squealer, or as grateful and excitable as Leet. I didn't have anything to work with here, not without potentially ruining what I had.

It really was a shame. Not being part of any real organisation or having any real friends around her made her a great target for me, even if I threw caution to the wind and went all-out on completing her challenges as fast as possible without even trying to help my power ease that reality into place... who would even notice if she became my personal slut overnight? I'd get more useful powers out of it, and fucking a Cape outside of my 'team' would be an achievement all on its own anyway.

Not that she would only be an achievement for me. I liked Parian. And I'd beaten her to death enough times to know that she was hiding a pretty rocking body under that costume too.

"Are you coming?" I blink at the question.

Pay attention, Greg. "Right, sorry." I follow her through to the back of the building.

"This one." Parian guides me into one specific room. I whistle softly at the costume propped-up in the centre. "If not for your most recent batch of requests to add things, I'd almost be ready to say that it was complete."

I step closer, considering the costume for a moment. Eidolon-style literal-cape on the outside, dominating the overall aesthetic and doubling up as a potential mask - and different sections seemingly marked as easy to rip away if placed under enough tension. Underneath that, the practical side of the costume. I'd always stand by my opinion that the only thing bodysuits are good for are to look good and appeal to a certain fetish. I should know, because I was the target audience in that case. But the only reason you should ever wear just a bodysuit is if your power is stronger than any conventional material. Alexandria? Fine. But there was a reason that the Wards of this city had actual armour on their costumes, because that was what actually protected you at the end of the day.

Now, I couldn't just walk around in a suit of metal. Not with the powers that I have. I need to move around, outmanoeuvre people and shift from one power to the next - fluidity and flexibility was more important than raw durability. But that just meant that I couldn't look like Gallant. While I had some complaints about them, the practical defensive properties of Vista, Shadow Stalker or Kid Win's costumes were closer. Free-moving, but capable of turning a blade - or even taking a bullet in the right circumstances. Not that I ever intended to count on that.

That was what I'd gone for here. A strong protective layer hidden under the cloak that didn't interfere with any of my current defensive powers. I'd tested things to be sure. Glory Girl's shield would 'stretch' as my clothes got thicker, but there was a limit before it refused to expand more. My speed-state obviously got slower as I got heavier. My shadow state has a weight-limit before it starts refusing to consider some things as 'me'.

That didn't mean I'd entirely abandoned looks. First impressions - or just impressions - were important. Dark colours across most of the design, not something that would look out of place next to Sophia - or even Taylor's original suit. On the inside, a mix of grey and silver with a slight trim of royal blue around the armoured padding and greaves is the splash of colour needed to make it look less... villainous. A little more heroic. Jagged diagonal streaks line one side to draw the eye, with the opposite side hiding the bulk of a utility belt.

"Can I try it out?" I glance at my escort with a questioning look.

She makes a dismissive gesture. "You may as well, I suppose I'd rather hear about any new ideas now than have to read messages trickling in over the next few days." She shrugs. "I can unlock one of the changing rooms if you'd like some privacy-"

"No need, nothing you haven't seen before." I dismiss, using one hand to hold my domino mask in place as I slip my shirt off. "I think I'd actually be flattered if you tried peeking, actually."

Her gaze snaps away from me as I look up to catch her gaze. "Please be serious, Mr Cowboy. I'm a professional." She murmurs, floating the costume towards me with a sharp motion - before firmly pointing her head in entirely the opposite direction.

"Just joking, I know you have perfectly pure reasons for ogling me." This was definitely a 'keep the under-layers-on' kind of costume, right? Probably. Best to assume so, if only for the sake of Parian's purity. "After all, if I rip something trying to get into this the wrong way - that will definitely be a pain for you."

She half-turns back to watch me mull over the costume. "It would be easier for me to see it in person, rather than as a series of vague requests on PHO over the course of the next week." I hide a smile at how easily she accepts the offered excuse.

"You can really just ignore me if I ask for anything too off-the-wall, I'll probably have forgotten it by the time we meet up next anyway. I just get ideas, and think - hey, why not pass those ideas on to the person who actually knows what they are doing?" I consider the best way to start slipping into the costume. Legs first? Ah, this part detached at the back- "I mean, you've clearly ended up with a pretty cool design here-" I'd need to test durability at some point, but perhaps I'd want multiple copies for that. "-so I think it worked out in the end, right?"

"It is nice to get back to designing costumes." Parian admits. "I'd do it full-time if there was demand, so I can't complain too much." She watches as I squeeze into the rest of the costume. "And you're certainly not the worst customer I've ever had. In fact, it's actually quite nice to be on good terms with a new Cape - the last few that have come asking weren't quite as pleasant to be around. And, at the end of the day, I'd rather a customer offer too much detail on what they want and need to compromise - as opposed to too little, only to leave unhappy anyway."

I nod in understanding. "I mostly think about ideas as I run into problems with what I'm wearing, or when I learn new aspects of my own grab-bag powers. I've just been using thrift store stuff, maybe some things criminals leave behind, some of my old clothes - you know how it is, whatever I had to hand when I needed to patrol. So, the issues I run into covered in an oversized hoodie and a bunch of scarves are different to the problems I have in full motorcycle leathers and a full-face helmet. Getting a more consistent costume would be nice."

This arm goes in here, pull up - and finally, flip the hood up and turn away to swap out the mask.

"Satisfactory?" She probes, gesturing towards a mirror.

"Mhm. It's-" I still my tongue, half-glancing at her challenge cooldown. Still twenty minutes. Not a lot, but I didn't exactly have much reason to stick around once we were done here - there were good odds that she would kick me out after this, getting back to whatever she does in her free time. Needed to stall. "-good, maybe a little tight around this area?" I make a gesture around the shoulder area, making some mock test swings and lunges. "Feels like I'm fighting it a bit when I move."

Parian makes a clicking noise behind her mask. "I can make some adjustments. It isn't an uncommon issue, plenty of teenage Capes have growth spurts at the wrong time - and the extra muscle from the lifestyle change among new Capes doesn't help either. I'd hoped my initial measurements would last a little longer, but I'll take some more precise ones now before you leave."

"That would be great." I'm a genius.

Under her impatient orders, I remove the costume again - hiding a grin at her poor attempt at covering her eyes throughout the process. I let her fuss over the measurements, and the adjustments. I'm not going to lie, I'd never been a fan of the concept of being fitted for clothing. That was a rich-people thing, or something that girls did in movies about becoming the secret prom queen or something like that. The thought of being surrounded by people with tape-measures and scissors didn't really fill me with the warm-and-fuzzies. But being fussed over by an attractive - even if that fact was hidden - Cape was something I could hardly complain over. Everything really did get more appealing when it was being done by the objects of a man's sexual fantasies.

And then there was the added bonus of feeling like I was in on an inside joke. I'd generally accepted it as a fact that, with two relationship boosts - most girls would be willing to fuck me, with enough exposure, appropriate encouragement and set-up. Parian had one. And while it wasn't an exact science and simply claiming that she was halfway there would certainly be wrong... it was pretty safe to assume that there was at least a little interest now. I wasn't going to push the issue... but even simply knowing that fact was fun. Were these innocent touches and additional measurements on my chest, waist and arms really all that necessary? Did she truly need to squeeze there? Run her hand across a muscle like that? Was it required for me to stand around half-naked for the entire process? Or could she just not resist getting a little handsy with her newfound crush when handed the perfect excuse that she'd likely never be called out on as the resident expert?

Maybe I was overthinking it. Maybe it all really was necessary. But I didn't think so. I didn't mind. Quite the opposite. I liked the attention. The feeling of power knowing that they were into me, and felt the need to hide that fact. This must be how normal girls felt literally all the time, at least when talking to me - before I got powers. I get it now, I do. The feeling of being wanted. Desired. A little intoxicating. A little addicting.

Except, unlike me and those girls so long ago - this story has a happier ending. Given enough time, I'd bring Parian over to my side and dick her down however much she liked. None of this self-imposed isolation to keep the peace and her current status as a Rogue in place - she'd be part of my team. My woman. Her current theme was a little creepy, the mask and costume would definitely need to change. Not too much. Seeing as she already had a vaguely Victorian theme and a certain way of speaking, I'm thinking a full-on maid theme would suit her prim-and-proper, yet still polite-and-serene attitude. Ideal for bending over and taking any time, any place. No harem was ever truly complete without at least one maid anyway.

I tilt my head as she works on the adjustments - interest piqued by the appearance of a half-dozen needles racing through the air in time with her own work. "I'm impressed, I didn't even know your power could do that - let alone that you could multitask with it so effectively." I lie smoothly. "It's incredible, really." That wasn't a lie. PHO would love to know about that, details on Parian were sparse - the consequence of not getting involved in fights on the street, where recordings, calculations and speculations did the work of fleshing out the information on the wiki.

"Hm? Oh." She follows my gaze to the needles. "You're quite kind, Mr Cowboy - but it's really just my power at work, rather than any great skill on my part. It's nothing really worth talking about."

I disagree. "I wouldn't say that, I'm quite sure if I could move around a half-dozen needles like that all at once I still wouldn't be able to manage so much as fixing holes in socks. "You shouldn't disparage your own talents like that. It's fine to brag sometimes, take it from me. I do it all the time."

"I don't think that would suit me." Parian drawls. "You can take the spotlight for both of us. I don't particularly enjoy attention from the public, I'm quite happy with what I've carved out for myself. My business is more important to me than any notoriety."

I wave her off. "I never suggested going on an ego trip on PHO, but there's nothing wrong with showing off in front of friends. Like when I came here with my Tinkertech thing? I had to show it off to a friend after finally getting it working - and really, you need a Cape to really appreciate Cape powers being used in cool ways." I make a gesture. "So. Have some pride. Is six your limit? How many can you use at once? Is it, like, willing the entire thing to move in a certain way like your dolls - or is it a puppetmaster thing, moving each of the strings in their own way manually?"

"A friend?" Her expression remains hidden by her mask, but she doesn't sound repulsed at the idea.

"Naturally." I nod firmly. "Anyone who puts up with me in their private messages for more than a week without blocking me automatically becomes a friend of mine. Those are the rules."

She seems to ponder that for a minute. "It seems sudden, but - if those are the rules, then it seems I have little choice but to accept it." Is she smiling? I choose to believe that she's smiling.

She's probably cute when she smiles. The full-face mask is really leaving my imagination room to work with here. Yes, I've seen under the mask - but her expressions in real life would obviously be markedly different to the bloodied, hate-filled rictus of fury that I'd seen previously. Getting a glimpse under the mask only helped fuel my imagination. Until proven otherwise, I was simply going to assume that everything I said was a critical hit on the romance chart and that she had a silly, lovestruck smile and a glowing blush under that mask. That's going to do wonders for my ego.

"As for your question-" Oh, right. I was trying to trick her into revealing information that I might be able to use to kill her easier. Almost forgot. "-it isn't that there's a hard limit, but it's as you said. Willing a mass of strings to move in a certain way. I can split my focus somewhat, but there's rarely a need to go above a few at once - it's directed by my thoughts rather than a mental muscle that I personally move, if that makes sense, and I can only focus on so many things at once. For something like this, I just don't have a need to use any more. Even if I had the room or inclination to set up dozens or a hundred needles like that, I couldn't employ them all usefully to, say, near-instantly complete one of my projects."

"You know that because you've tried." I surmise. Her weight shifts slightly, and I get the impression she feels a little sheepish about that. "But if you had to split your focus less, just throw a hundred needles into the face of someone you don't like - that would work?" I snap my fingers in the air. "If you used all of those strings to simply tie someone up? Or, if you tied those individual threads together into rope for more strength?"

"That isn't something I get the opportunity to try that often. Unlike you, I'm quite happy not looking for fights." She responds drily. "I suppose doing that would be achievable, though I think you'd be disappointed with the results. My power is more about creating containers to... 'pour' my telekinesis into. Without a container, it's difficult to apply any notable force - in the first example, it might be very painful for the unfortunate soul I'm targeting to have a hundred attacks like that thrown at them, but it would be a lot of effort for something that would have almost the same effect as a small handful of more precisely-controlled strings targeting sensitive areas. I can't push my power through living skin, so most of the effort would be surface-level at best."

I already knew most of that, but it was good to have it confirmed. "And the other examples? My teammate has her bugs carry strings around. One string doesn't do much, but fifty strings working together is a different story."

She sounds bemused. "Is my power really that interesting to you?" I shrug helplessly in response. "Tying people up or restraining people is possible, I suppose. But it's still just strings and threads without any added power behind them, I'd need to carry around previously-prepared material to tie them up with well enough that they couldn't just easily break out of. Doing that is hard to justify - I can only maintain so many dolls at once, I'd have to cut my numbers down just to be able to try it. And, frankly, even if I could push people around with my strings - any of my dolls could match and exceed that feat far more effectively than simple string could." She makes a gesture towards an inactive doll in the corner as if to make an example. Snake. It was easy to imagine the strength it might wield when constricting around a target.

I think she's not quite appreciating the power that quantity has in this case, but Taylor had taken a while to start appreciating the things her bugs could do too. And if Taylor wasn't so good at multi-tasking with her swarm, she'd probably drop the string-shenanigans in favour of the 'primary' power of drowning people with bugs too. Parian just... didn't have the need. She didn't go looking for fights, didn't need to struggle for her life - and thus, didn't appreciate the utility - and lethality - that this 'minor' use of her power had.

I should probably be happy with that. If she used that effectively, she could become a nightmarish opponent to close in on. If my version of that part of her power was any stronger, I'd be drowning in options the moment I had a sturdy enough bit of material to work with. Running away, and wrapping threads around my opponents legs, a ready-made noose around their neck just waiting to be weaponised - narrowly avoiding the Manton Limit by stitching through clothes instead of skin to restrict movement. My version of her power could take threads out of my own clothes with enough focus, could she do the same with other people? I don't know, but it seems that it doesn't matter what she 'could' do - it's about what she 'does' do. That's what the REAL modifier is about.

Although, it does raise the question - if her fighting tactics and morals changed today, would the challenge version be affected?

Maybe I should offer less suggestions.

She continues. "And, making rope doesn't change much as far as the uses of my power go - as I said, it's about being a container for my telekinesis. If I turn fifty different threads into a single combined piece, I don't have fifty times the power in the result, I just have a larger rope that can contain a little more of my power than any individual piece that I had before." She raises the adjusted costume critically, inspecting it for flaws. "Here. Try this. That will be a more productive use of our time than trying to make every part of my power into a deadly weapon."

I flush. Was I PHOing too hard? No, impossible. "Bad habit of mine. Maybe it's the nature of my own powers - I've got so many smaller ones, I can't help but look for ways to link them together." I tilt my head as I take the offered costume. "And, besides - you can't really say you aren't at all interested, right? If you thought I was some new Empire Cape, you were ready to fight then - not answer the door with a smile and an invitation. It's obvious that you aren't their type-" I pause as she stills. "-and I don't mean anything by that, by the way. I know I've got the looks, but I'm set on being a hero. I'm just saying, I can tell you were worried about what they might do. Adding a few tricks to your toolbox - and having an awesome friend on speeddial - might just give you some peace of mind."

"Kaiser's left me alone for a while now. I'm not expecting that to change anytime soon." She doesn't confirm or deny my 'assumption'. "And even if I was expecting trouble, I couldn't ask a customer to risk his life just to protect my business."

"A customer, sure. But a friend? Why not?" I counter, slipping the costume back on in the process.

"I still feel like you're throwing around that term a bit too casually." Parian shakes her head. "At the end of the day, this is just a business. I can just move, rebuild somewhere else. It would be frustrating to have it upended, but it's nothing worth risking someone else's life trying to protect."

"Just your own? You weren't looking to run when you saw me." I smile. "Let me worry about my own decisions. I'm a hero, saving damsels in distress is what I do - and I'm pretty much guaranteed to clash with the Empire at some point anyway. Even if it doesn't come to a fight - even if they just posture - having me show up and changing the maths might be enough to deter them. We'd make a good team."

"Is that where this is going? Recruiting for your team?" She doesn't sound offended. "I told you, not interested in being a fighter. I'm doing exactly what I want to be doing - as much as business allows, at least." Right. Puppet shows and birthday parties weren't the most glamorous form of side-job.

"I wouldn't say that - though I wouldn't turn you down if you wanted to." I finish getting into the costume, slapping the armoured padding before shifting into the shadow state, then the speed-state, then testing Glory Girl's shield. Perfect. "It's about common enemies. Or, call it selfishness if you really don't want to believe me - only one person in the world knows how to make my amazing new costume. I've got to keep that person in business, and that means not letting the Empire burn the place down when they throw a fit about your status as a Rogue near their territory."

She rests lightly against a nearby wall. "I have insurance for that. Burning it down might actually be beneficial for me, I could move to a nicer part of town."

My lips quirk upwards. "Again. Common enemies against the evils of the world. Dragons. Nazis. Insurance companies. If you need a match to get things started early, I can keep my mouth shut."

A noise from her is quickly smothered. The closest I'll get to a laugh while that mask is on. "I think one of those isn't quite like the others."

"Just the one dragon." I nod wisely. "In this city, there's always more of the other two no matter how hard you fight, but we might be able to scratch that one off the list at some stage."

"Not quite what I was thinking of." She crosses her arms. "And if it's all the same to you, I'd rather not test your grand theories about moving strings around being a secretly amazing power against the pyrokinetic dragon." She deadpans.

"I wasn't suggesting that." I concede. "Not that he has any reason to come here anyway, the last thing he wants right now is another enemy."

"No, you were suggesting I use strings against the Empire instead. The one where the majority of their Capes have some form of cutting ability or some other aspect of their power that would trivialise restraints." She amends serenely.

I open my mouth. I close it. "Okay. That's fair. I was a bit stuck on thinking how I would use it, but against the Empire specifically - maybe it wouldn't always be as optimal as it would be against some other opponents. I'll admit that much. I still think it's a cool skill worth working on though. Not just as a productivity cheat, but a combat tool."

"You're far more passionate about this than I would have expected." Parian seems bemused.

"What can I say?" I pull a face. "I like powers. I used to theorise about them every day before I got my own. Things are different now, but I haven't changed that much at least. If you're convinced the idea is doomed, what's the big weakness dragging it down?"

"I know it seems like an amazing thing on paper, but really it's often more trouble than its worth - for anything other than needlework or as a last resort, using my power properly and making dolls is the best option. As I mentioned, I don't really control threads as much as I control the power that my threads happen to hold well." She holds two needles in the air to make a point. "If the 'wires' cross, I'm not controlling two strings - I'm controlling two string-like shapes of my power, that have now collided into each other and aren't really distinct any more at the point of contact. It takes time and focus to untangle that if I can't separate them by moving either end, and if a knot forms it might just be impossible for me. It's more chaotic than it looks - and if I had time to prepare all of that for something that could be ruined on its first use, or even just by a sudden impact or harsh wind - then that likely means I had time to prepare a more effective bodyguard."

I raise an eyebrow. Knots? Was it really that simple? I could do that. I could easily do that.

Admittedly, I'd have to find an opportune moment to do that while not being killed by the tiger-thing in her challenge - but my control over the strings seemed to trump hers. I just needed her to extend her new ranged attack once, twist one in every direction around the others - then point and laugh at her inability to project a consistent ranged attack again.

While running from the cat. Let's not get ahead of myself.

Maybe she reads too much into my silent musings. "But, maybe you're right. It wouldn't be too troublesome to experiment more. Perhaps the next time you come, I'll be the one showing you something interesting." She straightens up. "I think those measurements will do. I've got a few finishing touches that I'll finish early in the coming week - leave it here, I'll show you out when you're ready. As pleasant as it's been, I refuse to entertain you all evening when I'm supposed to be closed. You'll make it a habit, I'm sure."

"I honestly forgot about that part." I flick my eyes to her challenge screen. Four minutes. Good enough. I get changed slowly anyway, something Parian doesn't seem inclined to complain about. There's no pretence at shyness this time, simply a slight tilt of her head off to the side - yet still at an angle where her eyes could see me if she looked. Alas, it was hard being a chaste male in a city full of perverts who think they can get away with anything just because I can't see their eyes. "I'll get out of your hair. Thanks for putting up with me, and for all of your work so far."

We walk back to the front of the building. "I'll let you know when the final product is ready to be picked up."

"Is it too early to order spares?"

"Yes." That was blunt. "Let me clear my backlog a bit first. I can't set everything aside forever just to handle express orders-" She sighs. "-especially when they came with so many modification requests mid-commission."

"I will try to contain myself." I promise solemnly.

"We'll see." The doubtful tone says it all. "Make sure to take your... device, with you."

"Right." My ash clone settles into life next to me, already heaving it into position around my chest. "Won't take a moment." That was a lie. It did take a moment. Not just because the method to attach it was clunky, but also because taking my time to tighten everything helped to tick down the final minute I had before Parian's challenge cooldown was up.

Parian watches the proceedings blankly. "Somehow, much less exciting than what I had pictured in my head."

I send her a suspicious look. "What exactly were you imagining?" She ignores me. Three. Two. One. "Challenge." I whisper.

Change of tactics. Minimising the downtime of my ash clone was important, which meant minimising the initial uptime - which meant baiting it to be killed almost as soon as it spawns. I charge forward the moment the challenge starts, ash clone spinning to life off to the side the moment the cat moves to intercept me. She seems content to ignore it for a moment, so I manually urge it forward - even as I hastily swap back to Glory Girl's powerset, sidestepping the charging big cat while waiting for my moment.

I don't have to wait for long. Understandably, she's not interested in a close-quarters battle. My ash clone stumbles and dies in an instant, a flash of silver in its chest the only sign anything happened at all. I couldn't see the strings from here, which meant I couldn't target them - a rapid swap to Vista's power fixes that, pinching space between us enough for me to spot the weapon that killed my ash clone. Switching back to Parian's power, I send one of the strings into a twisting, looping frenzy around the others - before switching to the next one in my vision and doing the same. I'm interrupted only by the arrival of the doll-cat - no longer blindly charging but seemingly intent on obliterating my limbs with targeted swipes instead.

That'll have to do then. My ash clone returns and I assign it as an administrator with Parian's power with a touch, then rapidly back away to lead the danger away from my more vulnerable partner. I invest a charge of my shadow state while backpedalling to avoid another deadly swipe, and can't stop the savage smile of satisfaction as my ash clone stays standing - Parian not even making an effort to approach it. Understandable. Without that weapon, the nature of this challenge worked against her - the initial set-up gave her a powerful doll from the outset, but unlike the previous challenges, no extra material sitting around to make more.

Now, if I was her, I'd start stripping and weaponising my costume right now - but this isn't the LUST modifier, but REAL. I've always considered REAL to be one of the more neutral modifiers, losing the benefits of having a more predictable enemy - but in turn, the weaknesses and hangups of the true individual start shining through. I suppose the only takeaway here is that Parian isn't the type to fight in her birthday suit - or at least, isn't the type to think about doing it in the heat of the moment.

Another shadow state charge to charge right through the doll, then back into Glory Girl's powerset to continue recharging her shield. Hurry up, ash clone. If you don't trap this thing, I'm going to run out of defensive options real fast. Another second bought. Vista's power is still on cooldown. A ghostly kick smashes into the charging Brute via my echo powerset. Another half second of distance, a little further to run - until, once again, I'm reluctantly forced into the shadow state again as the doll catches up to me.

I tab over to my administrator power, checking in on my ash clones perspective. A thread was partially wrapped around the target, at least - but at the pace we were both moving, it was spending most of its effort simply keeping the string from flying off or breaking rather than completing the pseudo-restraints.

Fine. I wait until it reaches me again, sliding under it's floaty charge and attempting to find a handhold on something, anything to keep away from the limbs. Nothing. I couldn't touch it. Forcefield. I already knew that, but I'd hoped for some kind of irregularity between the different parts that made up the construct that I could latch onto. No such luck. But my flailing does one thing, it stops us from racing around the room - both of us were still struggling for position, but doing so largely in one place. Exactly what my ash clone needs.

I'm tossed to the ground for the crime of attempting to climb atop my foe, accepting one glancing blow as the price for keeping it still for a moment as it reorients itself towards me and attempts to finish me off. Only then, as the limbs of the creature smash down on me - do I expend Glory Girl's forcefield. One hit. I get a glimpse of a string looping around its neck as I attempt to roll away from the next blow. I fail. My left arm takes the blow, and I feel something knock out of place in an instant. One charge of my shadow state returns. Not yet. I shield the next hit with my dislocated arm, I wasn't in any position to use it anyway - and the cat, or rather, Parian behind it - seems more than happy to accept the minor win of crippling me rather than driving forward for a chance at a more final victory.

Which leaves my right side completely free to brush up against the dangling thread hanging loosely off of the invisible forcefield around the head. Freeze. Only now do I use the shadow state, backing away and out of reach of the long limbs - a motion that would have been foolish just a few moments earlier, backing away just let it charge forward to keep pace with me and force me to use another defensive ability before I'd gained any time at all. But now, that attempted lunge is stopped in place - held by barely visible strings neatly looped around every limb and circling the torso twice over, all neatly clockblocked in place. Something I could never do to a human, but this thing didn't have the Manton Effect getting in the way.

My ash clone and I turn, as one, towards Parian. She's already running, perhaps realising exactly how much trouble she is in until her bodyguard frees itself. She's slower than me. I race towards her, one arm dangling uselessly - but it's fine. I'm confident, and my ash clone is more than capable of playing support while keeping itself unharmed in close melees like this. She doesn't get far.

Last challenge, she could use her power in different ways to slow me down and my ash clone was busy. This time, even with one arm useless - she has nothing. It's a 2v1, the result was assured the moment the doll was trapped. Crippling and restraining her is simplicity itself with the extra help and her lack of tools. I tear her mask away, idly noting the morphing tiger in the distance - seemingly attempting to split itself into smaller dolls, but evidently struggling to do it alone - perhaps because of the restraints, or perhaps some aspect of the design that made that difficult. Either way, too slow. Too late.

I jerk her head backwards, leaving her neck exposed. A needle rises up into the air, a tangled mess behind it - this one was under my control this time. I glance through my ash clones eyes as it thrusts at a throbbing vein highlighted on her neck.

It takes two jabs to get the result I wanted.

SUCCESS

Reward: Textile Manipulation (2)​

"Told you." I flick blood off of my hands, a pointless gesture as reality fades away - but, whatever. It felt real. "Feeling real justified now." Another point for the REAL modifier actually being a nerf if the target was heroically-minded. Or, at least - reluctant enough to kill with a power well-capable of it that it formed part of their fighting style.

Next, before Parian can finish ushering me out of the building.

Parian

Rogue 4/6

(PREP) (ZONE) (ALRT)​

"Challenge." Nasty combo. Parian used PREP well, similar to a Tinker in some ways - starting out the match with larger, complex dolls ready to go. ZONE prevented any escapes, and ALRT meant that the stealthy approach was out.

But she didn't have the HUNT modifier, so there was a chance that I could hide - only my initial location was revealed. I barely even register the fact that I'm back in a building before activating Vista's power and the shadow state to jump up to the next floor. No cables in the way, fortunately. Safe, for now.

The room shaking disabuses me of that notion - and then I have to correct that thought. The room wasn't shaking, the entire building was. A glance out through the window reveals the ZONE wall, and the continued shuddering and splintering noises reveal the truth of the situation. The ZONE restricted me to just this small, tall building, and Parian had dolls sizable enough to just tear the building down right from the bottom floor. Presumably, her dolls could protect her - and she'd just sift through the rubble after bringing the entire thing down on top of both of us by knocking down every wall and support structure she could find.

And I couldn't do a thing about it. Less than fifteen seconds after the challenge starts, everything collapses inwards. I fall - momentarily weighing up the option of clockblocking some debris, perhaps for some kind of ambush from above - then deciding against it. It was unclear exactly how high up I was, and it was unlikely that I would be able to achieve what the fall of an entire building failed to do - at least one doll was clearly dedicated to her personal protection. I tumble through the air, having to expend two charges of the shadow state just to survive the fall and the debris from above, then the third and final one to reach the surface of the debris pile at the bottom to avoid being crushed underneath it all.

As the dust starts to clear, I see them. Giants. All three of them. Gorilla. Octopus. Eagle. They don't notice me. Don't see me, even when looking straight at me. More proof that it was Parian that controlled them, and without touching her strings or the power of the HUNT modifier - she couldn't see me and set them on me. I could sneak around them.

Not for long though. The gorilla and octopus were both on the offensive, the former slamming suspicious-looking piles of debris that I might be hiding behind, while the Octopus sifts through rubble with pulverising force, aiming to foil any attempt from me to remain hidden. The eagle is on defence, with Parian tucked under one wing - guiding the demolition operation. None of the dolls even seem to register the collapse of the building, in fact, three nearby holes mark the fact that they simply pushed themselves up and free once the collapse was done.

I must have shifted my weight, made some kind of unconscious move, or perhaps the dust clears enough that I become visible - because her eyes abruptly snap to my location. If I can see her. She can see me. All three puppets turn to face me. No shadow state left for a few more seconds. My ash clone fruitlessly spins to life, Mush's power already starting to create my knight out of smaller pieces of rubble - but I knew the truth already.

I'm pretty much dead. I take the opportunity to mentally catalogue Parian's position, the speed and movement styles of her chosen creations. All the data points to one conclusion - the same kind of conclusion you reach when seeing an enemy in a game and seeing a skull instead of their exact level.

Try again later.

Level up a bit first.

I didn't have an answer to this. Even if I lined myself to descend on her directly from above - there was no way I could time any attack so well as to instantly kill Parian on landing. That was too precise, I'd have to hit her with neck-breaking force, an instant kill - after precisely passing through her guardian with the shadow state, a power that was still limited to 1-second bursts. That wasn't even in the realms of constant repetition, I'd need a Thinker power to get the win with what I had now.

But if I had a true offensive power that I could bring to bear in an instant. A gun. A blade. A blaster effect. I could ambush her. Find gaps in the search pattern of the two dolls that weren't guarding her, perhaps find pockets to traverse to underneath the rubble - make my way behind her, and strike a killing blow before she even registered that I was there. The trio of Brutes were clearly impossible to beat. The ground was shaking at their mere approach, and all three of them had effortlessly shaken off the weight of a building coming down on them without a trace of damage - I had to strike at the Master.

I just didn't have the tools, or the right approach. I needed more powers.

I stop my attempt to retreat as my ash clone is dispelled - I didn't see an obvious attack, but with all the shaking and the unstable nature of the fallen building - it could genuinely have just been glanced by anything falling into it or brushing against it. With it, my growing knight collapses - along with my last hope of a distraction that could keep me alive.

FAILURE​

The gorilla claims the kill. A mass of debris crushed in its hands and hurled towards me at absurd speeds. Impossible to dodge. And even if I somehow did, it would only result in perishing to the charging Octopus a moment later - each tentacle alone twice the thickness of my own body, I didn't really want to see what it could do to me anyway.

I shake my head clear. Fine. I was no stranger to the latter stages of these challenges being... stacked against me. I was fine with it. Sometimes, I even benefitted from it - getting to see the full use-cases of the powers of my future teammates, hints at some aspects I might be able to use myself. And, ultimately, it wasn't like it was a true brick wall. There were plenty of powers in the Bay that could grant me the offensive power I needed. I just needed to meet the right people.

"Forget anything?" Her voice pierces through the fog as I return to the real world.

I make a show of patting my pockets as I step outside the door, taking care to not bash the protruding arm of the work-in-progress teleport beacon against the doorframe when I turn back around to face her. "Don't think so, unless I left some part of my outfit on the floor somewhere."

"That wasn't a question." She raises one hand in the air. A moment later, a screwdriver flies into it. "I told you, someone will trip on this if you just leave it around."

I stare at the object as she hands it off to me. No strings attached. Just telekinesis. "That's not made out of cloth."

"Very astute." She sounds amused. "Good night, Mr Cowboy."

"Your PHO entry really is just completely wrong. Maybe one of the most inaccurate ones in the city." I add absently. "Wait, so what actually is the limitation on your power? If you can move this, could you move, like - a grenade? Or, even-"

"Good night, Mr Cowboy." She repeats firmly. The undercurrent of amusement is still there, even as she closes the door and audibly locks it.

I glare at the door in faux-outrage.

She did that just to fuck with me. She knew speculating about her power would drive me crazy - and she was right, for more reasons than she knew. Because if her power wasn't textile-based, but simply works better with textiles - then how come my power rewards specified textiles only? I wanted general telekinesis too!

Alas. Nothing for it.

Time to head back. I hadn't only come here to see Parian, but to test out my Tinkertech. My little testing session had given me some ideas for the next step of my device, mostly working on slimming it down and refining it into something I can actually wear on patrol - but the controller for it was also probably a bit too clunky and easily waylaid. Not something I could rely on in an ambush, or easily fix and replace if it was destroyed.

Ideally, I'd make it something that was part of the design itself - but the 'part of the design' was still thinking it should be sitting on a disused construction vehicle. I'd need to lean on Leet's power to get the job done. Which was reasonable, so long as I was absolutely certain that I could handle the quirk that came out of it - and that I wasn't planning on iterating on the design afterwards. And I don't know if either of those points were true right now. I still had things that I could do with Squealer's power, as well as regular human ingenuity.

Actually, first thing I'm doing is swapping out the metal arms for something a little lighter. Or, even just a lighter metal. It was too heavy. Too bulky. The arm was obnoxious, but I was pretty sure I could just fold it down somewhere with relatively little effort - the only reason I hadn't already was because it was currently directing the approximate direction that the incoming teleports arrived in, and messing with that system without planning in advance seemed like a potential way to end up with something fused into my foot - or worse.

But those were all simple, relatively minor changes. In some cases, it wasn't even Tinkering - it was just, engineering. Moving one Tinkertech thing to connect with another. Once I'd stripped it down to the essentials - then I'd have something that was more than just a proof of concept. A weapon. A utility. The first of many, hopefully - even if I'd 'acquired' the most Tinker-y part of it from someone else, it was still mine.

I retrieve the remote. Change the dial to eight. Trigger. My ash clone catches the phone that tumbles out of the air, turning it on before passing it to me. Functional. If I could refine the targeting to become a bit more consistent as well, that would be great - but even like this, it was useful. A few limitations on total package size to consider, and the batteries would run flat at some point soon - they weren't exactly fresh when they went in - but not bad for a lazy weekend on my own, that's what I think.

I sigh. Back to Tinkering then. No such thing as a truly lazy day any more, even with school tomorrow - I still had a solid twelve hours ahead of me where I just didn't need to sleep. May as well use it. It could make a difference. Especially because refining this could result in a permanent armoury of sorts when out on patrol. Always having access to the modified mechablade if I could find the time to recreate it... well. I know it wasn't the most mobile or adaptable, and melee fighters had their own struggles against him - but even Lung or Hookwolf would have to fear and respect the power it could generate. It was the only anti-Brute weapon that I had aside from clockblocked strings, and teleporting it right on top of me was probably the only way I could bring it with me on patrol.

Were all of my Tinkertech toys going to have portability issues? I hope not. I need some smaller ones. Some fancy death-ray-pistol like the one that exploded in Leet's hands in their challenge. Something I can just tuck into my belt and have ready, without looking like I'm going to war.

I pause on that thought. Tools like that didn't have to be limited to Tinkertech - and I just got another one. A flex of will causes part of the seam holding my hoodie together unravel, enabling my ash clone to simply reach over and tear it off. I bring the upgraded textile manipulation power to the front of my mind as I inspect it. This one was different. A little stronger, yes - but I really needed to see if I could access a bit more of Parian's power. The real meat of it. The dolls.

I narrow my eyes at it. I know what I wanted, but it just wouldn't- I reach out to touch it. There we go. The hood folds in on itself in my hand, threads separating and binding to the opposing ends instead, forming a slightly off-shape ball.

A ball that slowly seems to inflate in my grip. I remove my hand, and the inflation stops - but the sensation of control remains. Touch limited for this part. Fine. I touch it again to resume letting the power seep in to the sphere - until, eventually, I hit a limit. Or, rather, until it seems like the amount I'm pumping into it is equal to the amount leaking out. I throw it from one hand to the other experimentally, bouncy - lightweight. And, most importantly, under my control - the same sensation of controlled manipulation as I had for the earlier thread-based power, except this was moving faster despite the extra size and mass. I have it float for a moment, then hurl it out to a nearby wall as fast as I can. About as fast as a child would throw a ball, nothing special.

Except it notably doesn't bounce off the wall to return to me. Instead, it makes a harsh thud and falls to the ground. I summon it back to me, the movement more sluggish than before - the power that I had poured into it already cut down by a third of what it had left my hand with. A problem with the materials? Distance from me? Some holes in the original hood that I simply hadn't fully closed?

I could work that out. What was more important was that - in my hand - I had a flexible ball again, greedily soaking more power back up into itself and reaching its limit again in just a few seconds. Soft and bouncy to me, but not to the rest of the world? That's how it seemed. On a whim, I toss it up into the air and slam my fist into it like I was hitting a volleyball. I use my control over the ball not to move it directly, but to guide it in a direction - preserving momentum while directing it towards my target rather than crashing uselessly into the ground.

The harsh sound of the impact on my target - an abandoned dumpster in an alleyway - resonates throughout the street. My ball limply collapses next to it, and I take a step closer to inspect the result. I trace out the side of the dumpster with a finger, marvelling at the near-perfect spherical indentation in the solid metal side of the container. Not quite piercing through, but drastically warping the thick metal all the same.

That had potential.

I scurry from the scene before anyone comes to investigate the sound, thoughts buzzing at the latest addition to my powerset. That was enough to kill a person if it hit them right, even if it might be a little difficult to aim at a moving target with the limited input the controlling part of the power had at those speeds. And it was a ranged attack. Not quite the one I was expecting or hoping to get first, but ranged all the same - with a bit of set-up, I would no longer need to be the one always obliged to close the gap as soon as possible in every fight. I might still be better off up-close depending on the matchup, but it wasn't because I had no other option any more.

My phone buzzes in my hand before I can consider the list of challenges where I could benefit from my recent power acquisitions. A new notification arriving the moment it finally finishes booting up.

The Brockton Tribune

PRT ENE set to announce new Ward!

In response to recent inquiries from the Brockton Tribune, the PRT ENE have confirmed that a reveal event has been scheduled for Tuesday the 5th of April at City Hall to announce the latest roster addition to the Brockton Bay Wards. While little is confirmed about the new hero and their powerset, we do have a name in advance - Browbeat! A name that certainly seems to evoke the feeling of an up-close-and-personal fighter. You can be certain that our reporters will be at City Hall to get all the juicy details about the newest addition to Brockton Bay's Cape scene, and perhaps, if we're lucky - snag an autograph in the meet-and-greet afterwards...

Well now. Isn't that interesting?

And here I was worried I'd have nothing to do this week.


--


AN: Soooo got bonked by Patreon when I tried posting last week. Too horny apparently, guess I attracted the wrong staff member or got reported. Not sure. Looking at their rules now, I probably need to play things a little safer. Seems some NSFW is okay, but there are probably parts in the future that might need censoring on Patreon. That doesn't apply to the update just posted there, but probably in the future I'll have to redact some scenes. I've made a Subscribestar account where they are looser with the rules and I can post whatever. For now, next chapter is on both Patreon and SubscribeStar and both are the exact same update this time around. Guess I'll make a note when I have to censor something. We'll see how things go.
Last edited: May 21, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, cardboredpie, kurotsuki007 and 513 others
Tamzar
May 21, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Twenty-Nine
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jul 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,733
A crossbow bolt thuds into the target. A half-second later, mine slams into a knocked-down table strategically placed in front of it.

"You didn't even try with that one." Sophia tells me.

"You mean it didn't work with that one." I wave the crossbow in my hand. "I'm telling you, I don't have that level of control."

"You can take things into the shadow state when they are touching your costume. You can select which parts of yourself and the objects you're holding go into the shadow state with you." She crosses her arms. "You're not thinking about it the right way."

"Or my version of the power doesn't work like that." I counter.

"Until suddenly it does. You suddenly go from an absurdly lame version of my power to what you have now? Even if you're right, why don't you think that will happen again? And if you're wrong and it's just a matter of practice and getting to master something that came to me instinctually, are you really just going to sit there crying about how its impossible - and leave yourself without any anti-Brute tools at all?" She narrows her eyes at me. "Hookwolf just kills you in a fight right now, you know that right? Lung kills you. Kaiser kills you. Krieg kills you. Mush? Pretty sure she stomps you in a straight fight too. Everyone with armour, everyone with a Brute rating - they all just naturally beat you until you have a weapon that can hurt them."

"Believe me, I know that better than anyone." I adopt a pained expression. More than she would ever realise.

"Then shut up and reload already." She raises her weapon. "Actually, don't do that." She looks around for a moment, then whips her shirt off and over her head.

I leer at her, deliberately misunderstanding whatever she was doing. "That time already? I don't mind-" She tosses the shirt at my face. "I don't really have that kind of fetish but-"

"Shut it. Hold that out with your hand. Go into the shadow state. Drop it on the floor." She settles back to watch.

I give her a curious look, but oblige. Enter shadow state, then a second shadow state that excludes the shirt - mission complete.

She hooks the fallen shirt with her foot and flicks it up at me again. "One shadow state. Drop it while you are inside it."

"I can't drop it, we're not-" I wave my arms in the air. "-physical. I'm a... blob of smoke that gets to reform after a second has passed, there's no fingers for me to release anything with - because when I'm all smoky, the shirt isn't being held anymore it's just moving along the same kind of vectors that the rest of my body is moving on. I haven't stepped into some shadow realm where everything is the same but spookier, the things that I'm wearing or holding are just more smoke, until that one second mark comes up and I either change what I'm targeting or reform. I can't let go of it anymore than I can let go of my entire arm."

"The one-second mark isn't important. You can still do things with your body to move around in that state. You run. You jump. You move your arm into a position to attack - just because it isn't solid yet, doesn't mean you aren't moving." She claps her hands together. "So instead of moving your arms or legs, let go of the shirt and toss it away."

I shift into shadow, stretch out my arm and- "That doesn't work." -watch as the shirt flutters down from my outstretched hand as gravity reasserts its hold only after I become solid again.

"It does work. It's just not instinctual to you for some reason." She growls. "This is basic stuff. How about this - hold it in both hands in front of you. LIke you were stretching it or something, except don't actually stretch it or I'll kill you." I obey. "Now. Shadow state. Left arm stays holding it, right arm goes and points to your right."

One shadow state later, the shirt flops to hang down from my left arm.

"Oh look, my shirt didn't suddenly stretch to twice its size just so that you could still be holding both ends afterwards. I guess you can let go of things after all!" She throws her hands in the air. "What a miracle. Who could have seen that coming?"

"The team's only got room for one sarcastic know-it-all." I grouch. "I don't know. I see the point you're making, it just feels... well. It doesn't feel like anything. I guess that's the problem."

"Did you know which hand it was in?" Sophia prods.

I blink. "What?"

"Which hand was still holding it afterwards - did you know?" She repeats.

I stare down at my hand. "I guess so. I knew it was the left one, I think?" I repeat the task. "Yeah. I guess I have a- a feeling of some sort. Not like I'm literally holding it, but - I know its there. Or, will be there."

"So. We've established you can let go of things in the shadow state. Now. Do it again, but let go with both hands." She raises an annoyed finger into the air. "And don't give me the bullshit you were spouting earlier. You were trying to argue that everything you were holding was all just part of your wider smoke-body earlier, in which case you should be able to control how that appears when you reform just as well as any other part of your body. And if you can't do that because it's a separate object, then you have to be able to treat it like a separate object and let go of it. You can't have it both ways."

I repeat the task. Both arms to the side. A second later, the shirt is dangling from my right hand. "Told you."

"What do you mean, 'told me'?" Sophia looks like she wants to throw something at else at me. "You're holding it. You're literally holding it!" She grits her teeth. "Fine. Don't hold it. Put it between both hands, like you were about to clap and it got in the way - so you're stopping it from falling. Now. Go again."

"Waiting for the cooldown." Two. One. Zero. Shift. Both arms to the side. A second later, the shirt reappears - already on the ground.

"You see! You see now?" Sophia gestures wildly at the ground. "It isn't welded to you in the shadow state after all. You stopped holding it, and it fell down on its own. Now, you just do the same with your hand instead of your arms."

"Holding something and releasing it is different to something just... not falling down because I'm exerting pressure on it, and then taking that pressure away." I argue.

"You literally just described how everything works under gravity." She glowers at me. "Go on, Mr Physics guy. Why would this magically work for your arms, but not your fingers? It's the exact same thing, you're just not visualising what you need to do as easily."

"I didn't mean it like that. I just mean, my powers sometimes put in random restrictions like that - it can be pretty arbitrary at times. Like Clockblocker's doesn't let me do things that someone is wearing or goes around them. Like, freezing a rope around them? Banned. Freezing that same rope against their chest without looping around? Fine. Sometimes its just like that. My power isn't an exact copy of yours, we know that."

"It isn't like that here." Sophia denies. "This is a toddler that's worked out how to stand, trying to tell me that it's impossible to lift one foot and put it in front of the other. 'But I'm not exactly the same as that adult over there!'" She adopts a whiny voice.

"Why am I the toddler now? There's got to be cooler examples you can think of." I gripe. "Don't get me wrong. I get what you're saying, and it sounds logical, but it just doesn't really click. The feedback of my body, that kind of precise movement - I don't feel it. Clearly, you're getting way more control and sensation over this than I am - to me it's like, I go in with a certain momentum and an idea of where I want to end up, and I can definitely achieve that, especially when the time comes to reform. But doing things outside of that window right at the start and end of each shadow state? It's just... I don't know, like I'm controlling something shaped like me, rather than just me. Or, no - better way to describe it. Like it's actually my shadow. Of course I can move my shadow by doing big motions while the sun is behind me, but small and finicky details just aren't going to show up until the shadow state comes to an end."

"Always with a new excuse." Sophia groans. "You're overthinking it. If you can't do it on a small enough scale yet, fucking practice it on larger things and work down."

"Yeah, I get it. I'll work on it, believe me - I'd appreciate the extra versatility if nothing else. What was even the point of this exercise again? I'm trying to shoot holes in things, learning how to litter in the middle of my shadow state doesn't help with that." Not that this was completely useless. Despite my complaining, splitting things out from my shadow state had never been an area that I'd successfully explored before - something I didn't even think was possible without the final power upgrade from Sophia. The general principle of being able to place, throw or shoot things through a wall without going through or even getting close myself had a lot of potential - regardless of the fact that I clearly didn't get the same instant-mastery tutorial package that Sophia had gotten.

"Proving a point. And it's a basic step of being able to disassociate where you start and the bolt ends. If you can do that, then you can work on keeping the momentum of a moving object as you turn it into shadow." She mimes throwing a bolt like a dart, fading into smoke at the last moment of the throw - resulting in a noticeable puff of smoke exiting her form and coalescing back into the dart shortly afterwards.

We already knew that Sophia and I couldn't just turn anything we touched into smoke - as in, we couldn't touch a wall and the entire structure disappear or come crashing down around the missing support. But we could do it to our clothes. And weapons. And some things that we were holding, but not others. I'd already encountered the mass limit when using the mechablade, but Sophia seemed to have a better grasp on what her power decided was attached enough to her to count. My attempts to justify 'holding' the bolt via touching it before firing hadn't counted enough to work, but phasing the entire crossbow in my grip - loaded bolt and all - apparently was fine. Powers were arbitrary sometimes, I'd prefer a hard-and-fast rule that I could munchkin around rather than working based off of feelings - sometimes it felt more like I was trying to squeeze results past a referee selectively enforcing the rules on a whim than executing scientific theory.

She retrieves the fallen weapon. "If you can do that, rather than killing the momentum completely - then the hard part is done. Then all you need to be able to execute it is to be fast enough to do it the instant you release the firing mechanism. It needs to be complete second nature to get the timing right, and you need to be able to do it in the middle of a fight - not some cozy shooting range with me holding your hand the entire way."

Well. Separating myself from a held object was one thing, applying actual momentum from within the shadow state was the end goal - and Sophia's aim of simply keeping the already-existing momentum was a happy middle ground.

I retrieve the crossbow. Aim. Fire-and-shadow-state. The bolt limply flops to the ground a few inches in front of me as I turn physical again. "Think I might skip straight to this step. Less for me to think about, I've just got to... stop the bit of my power that's making the weapon cling to my movements, don't need to actually move myself at all."

"Do what you like." She sighs. "It's not like this is something I've ever had to teach anyone else, maybe it really is easier to learn that way - who knows. I'm guessing as much as you."

Reload. Aim. Fire. This time, the crossbow itself is carried a half-metre across the room before turning physical and dropping to the ground. "That's a good sign."

"It is?" She makes a show of peering at my discarded weapon. "You're right. Maybe your enemies will think you're surrendering when you throw your weapon at them, or they'll think you're so clumsy that they die laughing rather try to fight you."

"It shows that it works, I'm just not precise enough to do the bolt rather than the entire thing." I roll my shoulders as I retrieve my weapon of choice. "It's progress. I wasn't so egotistical as to think I'd get it first try."

"Yes you were." She replies instantly. "That's why you were so dead-set on the idea that your powers just didn't allow it. You never considered for even a second that it could be a- what do you always call it -a skill issue?" She smirks. "I actually did do it on my very first attempt though, if you were wondering."

"I wasn't, but good to know." I respond sourly. Couldn't entirely deny that. "And you shouldn't sound so proud of doing it for the first time when the first attempt was several months into your Cape career when Armsmaster told you to do it in power testing."

She scowls at me. "Yeah? And how would you even know what I worked out on my own and what came up in power testing?"

The fact that I know exactly what the vigilante-era Shadow Stalker was capable of with her back against the wall, for one. I know you didn't have that trick then. "The fact that you didn't deny it tells me everything. Don't tell me you're embarrassed that you didn't think about it yourself? That's cute."

"I was doing something pretty similar already, they just had a few extra ideas." Sophia dismisses. "And, so what? They've got guys paid to do nothing but sit around a table and think about possible power interactions all day - it's no surprise that they came up with something useful eventually. At least I could do it instantly when prompted, which is more than I can say for your dismal efforts." She drawls as my crossbow clatters to the floor again.

I hand the crossbow off to my ash clone as it stirs to life next to me. Assign it as an administrator, hand it the shadow state powerset and...

I click my tongue in annoyance as it fumbles, too. Damn. I was hoping that the administrator's usual competence with powers would be useful here, but it's actual skill was usually a mirror of mine - except for not having to worry about the downsides of being a living, breathing human and being able to multi-task and switch between orders much faster than me. I'd need to improve my own ability first before handing this task off to my favourite powerset.

Reload. Aim. Fire. Reload. Aim. Fire. Retrieve all the bolts scattered across the empty shooting range. Reload. Aim. Fire. A bolt flies a full six metres before lodging into the ground. Sophia perks up a bit in sync with me at that.

The issue was that there wasn't really enough separation for me to split the two objects apart in my head. When it turned to shadow with me, it was part of me - it stuck to me in the same way that my clothes did. I needed to identify and split that precise part off in the tiniest fraction of a second before the velocity of the bolt was completely arrested. Too early, and the bolt didn't fire correctly in the first place, too late and the bolt was no longer touching the mechanism and wasn't included in the effect of my power. I'd already proven that I could do it, but to actually shoot with full power I needed the equivalent of a frame-perfect input in a fighting game.

Or, I needed to stretch that 'perfect' timing window out. I focus for a moment, swapping to Vista's powerset. Stretch space out in a small, narrow 'tunnel' where the bolt should release from, line the crossbow perfectly into the air where that tunnel was made. Aim. Fire.

I'm denied the satisfying thunk of the crossbow hitting the target, but only because the target is too close. Not entirely on-target, admittedly, but if not for the fact that the one-second mark hadn't passed by the time the bolt struck home it would have been a perfect shot to prove that I could actually do it. I turn to grin at Sophia. "Not bad, right?"

A smile almost reaches Sophia's face before she smooths it into a scowl. "Still with the one-second limitation, I guess that's going to stay a problem if you're using anything with real power behind it." Sophia shakes her head. "It's going to mean you have a massive minimum range, and the level of timing required to shoot someone through a wall is probably going to be too much of a pain to make work." She sounds frustrated at that.

I shake my head. "Well, I'll probably get a less-restrictive version of your power at some point - but that doesn't mean that I can't use this now. I've got a workaround for timing." My ash clone takes the weapon from me, and I wait for Vista's power to clear before re-applying it - Sophia watching curiously the entire time.

Ready. Aim. Fire. I rip away at the administrator powerset, the ash clone ejecting early from the shadow state and beginning the collapse into ash in the same instant. Doing that to bugs that I infused with the administrator powerset killed the bugs, and it seemed to damage the ash clone enough for it to lose its stability too. But more importantly, by ripping away the administrator power - I had the shadow state back. Not the ash clone. And not the bolt either. After passing through the table blocking the target, it re-materialises and slams home.

Thunk.

I grin at Sophia.

She rolls her eyes at me. "You still missed."

"Something to work on." I allow, pacing towards her. "But we still did it."

"You did it." She half-corrects, half-affirms. "May-mphh!" She flails angrily as my lips meet hers. "What- what was that for?"

"Am I not allowed to show my appreciation?" I'm too old to attempt puppy-dog eyes. I try anyway. "You took time out of your day to teach me something cool. I appreciate that. I appreciate you." I am going to kill so many people with this once I master it.

She looks away and makes a great show of picking up some nearby bolts to try and hide her darkened cheeks. "I barely did anything. And what I did do, I only did because seeing you use my power so badly was reflecting poorly on me." She insists. "It hardly makes sense to hold back something useful if it might make you more effective at cleaning up the city. And, you were pretty cool the other day - just think of it like a reward for walking the walk."

I grin. "Yes, yes. You're the cool badass that has never done anything for anyone else's sake, ever. I believe you."

She glares at me, but doesn't comment. "Pass my shirt back." My ash clone throws it to me, I throw it again. "Thanks." She pauses. "That was unlike you."

"Hm?" I tilt my head at her.

"Just giving it to me like that." She narrows her eyes at me. "Usually you'd do your best to keep it away, or try to get the rest of my clothes off somehow. At worst, some comments on how you prefer the view like this."

"I could still do that if you want?" I offer.

"No!" She pauses for a little too long. She clears her throat. "I just- I'm suspicious. Spill."

"Am I really that obvious?" I stroke my chin. "Well, it's coming up to school time - and I was hoping to keep in your good books for a while longer. Because what I've got planned is probably going to make you mad at me."

"I'm not doing anything in public." She snaps. "Those classrooms are bad enough, last week was too close-"

"Not that." I cut her off with a smile. "No, something that might legitimately upset you." I pause. "I'm, uh, planning to apologise to Taylor. About the whole argument we had - that whole situation."

"Huh." Sophia doesn't seem to have a strong reaction to that. "For real?"

"I mean, I'm still a little annoyed at her - feels like I trusted her, but she didn't trust me. But, yeah, I get how it looks to her. It only looks like a realistic thing for 'Greg' to do when you realise I've got powers now and that I'm a different guy than I was." I shake my head. "To her, I get it. It looks like her only friend is either deliberately leaving her for Emma, or is just an idiot getting tricked into thinking he's helping her by hitching up with Emma. That's totally something Emma would do to hurt her, so reaching that conclusion makes sense. I can't be mad at her for just not having the right context."

"Except she does, because you outed yourself like an idiot and only got saved by the fact that she ignores everything you send her by default." Sophia points out.

"She doesn't - didn't - ignore everything. She's just bad with technology, and including it in a video game invite was maybe a bit too far." I feel the urge to defend our old friendship. "We saw eye-to-eye on a lot of things, that just wasn't one of them. I understand it."

She raises an eyebrow.

"I didn't say I wasn't annoyed. I said that I understood." I half-concede the point. "I didn't even mean to out myself like that anyway. I was just kind of making it up as I went along, and realised it after the fact. The point is, regardless of the reason - she didn't know. She thought I was a regular guy that had never so much as kissed a girl before, and assumed that Emma was successfully plotting to steal away her only friend. She doesn't know that I'm secretly awesome. And she doesn't know that both you and Emma are both a little bit crazy with the whole predator mindset - which lends itself really well to getting dicked down and humbled by said secretly-awesome guy."

Sophia twitches. "...yeah, you made the right decision to behave earlier. Burning through all that good-will you had fast."

"Well, you know me. Two steps forward, two steps back." I tilt my head. "But enough about me and my decisions. You don't seem particularly mad about the idea."

"I don't care about Taylor." Sophia dismisses. "She's a doormat. I walk over her because she's there, not because I like treading on her."

"Finding that hard to believe." I express doubt. "I mean, I could believe it with how you act now - but I know there's enough of a history there before I came along for it to be personal."

"Honestly, it's all Emma." She pauses. "Or, mostly Emma. I'll admit, I've messed with her just because she's there sometimes - but I do that for gang members and other doormats too. Emma's the one that spends half her school days thinking of new ways to ruin Taylor's day. If anything is personal, it's whatever those two have going on. Honestly, I couldn't give a fuck what you do with her." She shrugs. "I'll still judge you for it, I really don't know why you insist on chasing after her like a lovesick puppy - but that's your business."

Because she's Arachne and I'm going to get my balls bitten off by a swarm of insects in the middle of the night if I don't at least try to improve things between us before she finds out who I am. Because I actually like Taylor, even if that can be difficult at times. Because I was probably at least a little bit in the wrong. Because her and you are Capes, and likely to follow me wherever life takes me. Because the old Greg thought we had a lot in common and would go well together, and I'd like the feeling of achieving his goals. Because I'm the one with agency - the one with Master powers that would any genuine feelings obsolete if I ignore this for long enough.

Because I want to prove that I can. That the Greg of today is enough of a man to face his problems without a Master power solving them for him.

Don't get me wrong. I greatly appreciated my powers. I had no intention of slowing down with them. But there was a difference between wanting to be Heartbreaker, with the massive harem of Cape hotties, and being Heartbreaker, the asshole that only lives for himself and exclusively uses his powers to soothe his ego at the expense of humiliating everyone around him. Offering an olive branch to Taylor, even if it was rejected, knowing that eventually we'd make up on better terms? That was a move from the former. Forcing Taylor to come begging on her knees for forgiveness once she was sufficiently affected by my power? The latter.

And, sure, I'll admit that a part of me likes the appeal of the latter. The feeling of power, domination - there was a sexual thrill to it. But, that feeling didn't need to be forced like that. The steady taming of Sophia had proven that. Maybe I could have adopted an antagonistic posture with her, not left any room for the begrudging admissions of strength, the growing friendship and the occasional signs of something resembling romance - simply stood firm and waited for the moment she cracked, came begging to submit. And if I'd done that, I probably would have felt good for a while - not realising what I'd missed out on by not taking the slower, more rewarding path.

The difference between having a harem because I had fuck-you Master powers, and having a harem because I was better suited for the girls than any guy could be. One of those guys was a loser, the other was a chad. It's easy when you think of it like that. Maybe harder to live up to in practice, I'm not really that perfect - but I'm trying to gas myself up here to be a real man, so I'll cut myself some slack on the delusions this time.

"Well. Whatever your opinion is, that's what I'm doing anyway." I shift my weight from one foot to the next.

"And what do you think will happen?" She slips her shirt back over her head. "You think she'll just accept it, and you'll be friends again? Because honestly, I don't really see it."

"No." I admit. "But I'll feel... morally in the right again. More so than I already was, at least." Because I still felt like I had a reason to be annoyed, it was just the resolution that things were heading towards that didn't sit right with me. If I apologised, she didn't care, and then I cleared the rest of her challenges? Fine. I could handle that. I'd settled things as best I could. "Maybe nothing changes, maybe she throws it back in my face. It doesn't really matter. I'm doing this for me." That was it. Taylor was going to change anyway at the end of the day. I couldn't avoid that save for just not completing her challenges at all. All I could do was change the nature of the relationship that led us to that endpoint, and make choices that I was happy to stand by.

I can't say I'm really a virtuous person, or that I'm a changed man. I just want to be more... targeted about it. No reason to treat Taylor worse than people who had actually caused me grief. Tattletale, from that bank challenge - which still annoyed me despite us never meeting in real life. Skidmark, no explanation needed. Oni Lee, attempting to slit my throat from minute one. I could save my grudges for them, rather than someone who was one of my closest friends if not for one misunderstanding that got out of hand.

"I can respect that. But, like I said. I'm not really the problem here." She collapses her crossbow and tucks it away, grabbing my borrowed one as well. Damn. I was hoping to keep that. But, then again - any sudden crossbow wounds around the city are going to get attention on her, so I can understand her hesitation. "What about Emma?"

I frown at nothing in particular. "What about her? I'm not her therapist, and this isn't her business anyway. The whole bullying saga is a pointless mess and I've never gotten a good explanation for it - and I've asked more than once. I'm not going to let her fuck things up for me again. I'd probably still be cool with Taylor if I'd kept a closer leash on her the first time. She's got two choices, make up with Taylor or stay out of my business - she's not a child. Time to act like it."

"And if she doesn't like either of those options?" She probes.

A fair question from her perspective. But I'd completed Emma's challenges - I didn't expect her to gleefully jump at the chance to befriend Taylor again, but I wasn't asking for that. I was having a conversation with an old friend that I'd fallen out with. My concerns around how 'loyal' my completed challenges would make someone had always revolved around serious crisis points - being on entirely different sides of a conflict, being exposed as a villain, my true powers being revealed, I get caught doing some horrific crime in front of them.

Talking to the girl she liked to bully? A bit too petty to matter. A bit too small-scale. She'd get over it. I wasn't even asking her to join in, just to not make a scene - no different from any of the many, many times teachers had broken up scenes between them in the hallways in the last year.

"Then she can stay out of my business." I repeat firmly. "It's not optional. I'm not putting up with her bullshit in this. I like Emma. Don't get me wrong. When she's normal? About everything else? She's great. But this, thing, about Taylor? I'm sick of it. It's stupid. It should never have gotten to this point in the first place." And I shouldn't have let it. I'd gotten complacent, figured that the consequences wouldn't be meaningful if my power would fix everything eventually. I was still right in that one aspect, but Arachne looking at me with unreserved love and trust had hit some part of me harder than I would have liked to admit. "Part of that is your fault. I don't know the full history, but she idolises you and you clearly haven't helped her in the way she needs. And part of it is my fault. Because when she went behind my back to fuck with Taylor, I should have put my foot down there and then to stop her from being such a bitch."

"That's my friend you're talking about." There's no heat to the words. Just a challenge on my wording. A weak one. But, maybe what was unsaid was perhaps more important than what was said. No denial of blame. No counterargument that it was actually justified or that I didn't know the story. Sophia knew. She agreed. Maybe she didn't know how to fix it. I didn't entirely blame her for that. She wasn't the social one of the group. I couldn't have solved it either if old-Greg was in her place. "You already knew how she felt about Taylor going into this, why is it a problem for you now?"

Hell. I had powers smoothing the way for me, and I still managed to not fix it. I can't really throw stones.

"Am I being unfair?" I counter. "It isn't my responsibility to dance around her issues for the rest of my life. I worked on myself, changed myself into the kind of guy worthy of you and Arachne and whoever else I end up running into in the Cape scene. I'm the ambitious type, you knew that when I decided not to stop with Emma. I knew that being just 'Greg' wasn't enough. I put the effort in. Became a guy that was worth it. Is asking her to do the tiniest fraction of the same in return too much to ask? Not even to shake hands and apologise, but at least not to get in my way? To stop making my life difficult for a few short minutes?" I flip a hand at thin air. "Or do you disagree? Do you think that a potential future Triumvirate member should be hanging on the approval of a single schoolgirl? That he should only like who she wants him to? Would you have fallen for a guy like that instead? Or, on the other side of things, would you really call a girl incapable of moving on - of getting hung up on something so trivial - to be a fellow 'predator'? Don't make me laugh, Sophia."

She twitches at something I said, almost looking like she wanted to argue - but settles down with a disgruntled look instead, perhaps conceding her original point as inconsequential. "Kind of sounding like you're ready for the fight already, you don't need an opinion from me." She sighs. "I won't say I like it. I'm not going to say you're wrong either. I know she's... got some hangups, but she's still my friend. I don't have many of those. I'd prefer it if you didn't break her heart."

"I'll leave that up to her." I mirror the sigh. "I know I sound a bit confrontational about it. I don't mean to make it sound like it's a done deal that we're going to have some huge fight in the middle of the school. If she's cool with things, nothing changes - everyone is happy, I feel like a bit of a dick for misjudging her. I've just... got expectations for how she might react. And I'm ready for it this time, rather than just letting her do her thing behind my back. I've been tinkering a lot this weekend - lots of time to do things with my hands, leaves plenty of time for the brain to think. Time to think about how I should have handled things originally, how I should handle them now, the different outcomes that I would find acceptable. A part of me wants to go back to just ignoring the issue, but recently I've been feeling-" Guilty. "-annoyed that I'm letting someone else's grudge ruin one of my friendships without me making an effort to fix it. So, I guess I was wrong earlier. This isn't just for me. It's for Taylor. And it's for Emma to work out what really matters to her too."

This was good for her too, even if she was obviously going to be upset. Checking her real priorities and then reluctantly seething quietly as Taylor and I made up - or even better, begrudgingly burying the hatchet herself - was the first step to fixing their relationship. To fixing whatever her mental hangups were that led to this point. The first step to me screwing both of them together - another thing ticked off the to-do list from when I first started using my power.

"And where do I stand in all of this? Watching the trains about to collide?" Sophia starts to collect the bolts scattered across the range, I start working along the other half. "I don't really know how exactly this is going to pan out, but I can just tell there's going to be a screaming match between two of my best friends. She's definitely going to read this as you choosing Taylor over her. She'll go ballistic."

"I don't mind her getting angry. I can take an argument. And you? You can do what you like - not that you need me to tell you that." I tell her. "I'd rather nothing at school comes between us outside of school. These meetings, our patrols - any new raids we try and organise - we'll keep those up no matter what. But in school? I don't care. You make the call, and if the call doesn't involve me - I'm sure I'll survive the day somehow." One way or another, Emma was going to want some time and space. Me being there wouldn't- well. It probably would help, but maybe it wouldn't help in the right way. She would need to process her thoughts in a way that mindless, angry fucking in a closet wouldn't help with - even if both routes were valid paths to stopping her from crying and screaming.

"Look at you, trying to be mature." She smirks, but then nods seriously. "Yeah, I get it. I'd prefer to keep this thing between Void and Shadow Stalker going too. But Sophia and Shadow Stalker? Not the same person. I'll tell you right now that 'Sophia' is going to pick a crying Emma over sucking your dick in the toilets. She needs me more, we've been friends for longer and to be honest, it could go pretty badly for me if she thought that I'd picked the 'wrong side'. We've got a lot of dirt on each other, you know? Not saying that I'm all that worried she'd just jump straight to doing that, or even that it's a core reason why I'm hanging around her - but she could really fuck my parole if she wanted to. Straight to juvie."

"Yeah, yeah. Watch out for yourself." I hum as I yoink the last bolt clear from the target. "You know, we still have plenty of time until school-"

"No." She denies flatly. "If you're going to ruin my day, then do it with blue balls the entire time for all I care."

"Worth a try." Should have tried to get laid earlier after all. Guess that's what I get for being considerate.

But that's enough messing around.

Winslow awaits.

--

I don't waste time. World issues. First class of the day. Taylor's already seated.

Wait. Let's get this out of the way first. Her cooldown timer was long, but if I could spot her at the end of the day - maybe I could squeeze in a second attempt. "Challenge."

The strange facility reforms around me. No time to wait around. I'd been able to map the place a little pretty well. The 'inmates' ranged from neutral to hostile and ran around the place freely, Taylor wouldn't deliberately attack them unless they made a hostile move against her. If I did nothing, she'd find her first 'enemy' at around the six-minute mark since the start of the challenge - kill them, and trigger the DOOM modifier to end the challenge.

One small fortunate thing was that this was a clean facility. Most of the hallways and rooms were free of bugs, so I didn't have to deal with any harassment on the way there or worry that Taylor was tracking me or preparing a trap. She was just methodically making her way through every hallway and door between me and where I had spawned in.

I continue down the corridor. First left. Straight. Duck past the Case-53, he can't chase. Second Case-53, not hostile. Left again. Up the stairwell. Straight ahead. Second left. Pause.

Not because the two grotesque Case-53s charging towards me from the far side of the corridor were a problem, but because they weren't.

Five. Ten. Fifteen seconds. A draft from nowhere tickles my ears, a faint feeling of wind against my skin. Not a real wind, of course. I hadn't even seen a window yet in all of my wandering. Something. Someone. Not an enemy. Perhaps not quite an ally either, they'd never helped against Taylor.

But they did handle the Case-53s when they found them. Both of the charging behemoths reel and buckle mid-charge, limbs snapped by nothing and their bodies effortlessly thrown to the ground without their assailant ever revealing themselves. A moment later, their twitching, moaning bodies are ferried past me - swiftly and effortlessly enough that anyone would guess that they had a mover rating. Or rather, that the invisible hands of their assailant had one.

It was fortunate that the Cape seemed content to ignore me. I had no doubts that killing me would have been absolutely effortless for someone like that. But they seemed friendly. Even to the would-be escapees, at least - to the extent that she merely brutalised and re-imprisoned them rather than killing them. I don't think this challenge would even be theoretically possible if I had to handle two forces of nature on a set path towards a lethal encounter.

I make my way into the centre of the hallway. Here, no - a few steps to the side? Here. Just a matter of counting the seconds now. Taylor would be passing through the hall directly below me. Her swarm was far, far too large to simply overpower via a frontal assault. The speed-state literally couldn't wade through it at all. The shadow state was useless in the face of someone who would simply completely blind me and disappear into the swarm as I approached. And I didn't have a flamethrower-esque power to destroy the raw mass of bugs I would need to deprive her of her greatest weapon.

Thirty seconds. I tag one of my shadow state charges to keep track of time better. Those had consistent recharge times, unique to each slot - far better than keeping count myself. I pull my shirt off. This would usually be stupid against Taylor, but if I didn't win an extended fight anyway - did it really matter how much surface area her bugs could get on me? The shirt bundles into a ball, then stitches together. I bounce it from one hand to the next, then clutch it to my chest. Ready.

Twenty seconds to go. I look around. This was definitely one of the more 'interesting' areas I'd been dropped into. Usually, I wasn't that interested in the WRLD modifier. I'd used it to search every inch of the Protectorate buildings in the Bay during entirely unrelated challenges, but being able to explore the area freely - with far greater accuracy than the usual simulations - was really only that useful when you had somewhere fun to look into. Scouting out a gang hideout in advance? Sure. But the fact is that I just didn't need to weaponise it that often. Relying on post-it notes to get passwords, brute force trial-and-error to get codes - it was tiring. And usually, not worth it. Most places weren't interesting enough to warrant the effort.

Fifteen. Most places. This was the exception. And if the scenario was at all conducive to a prolonged investigation, I'm sure that there was a lot to learn here.

Ten. I consider the upside-down Omega symbol emblazoned on a nearby doorway. Like I said. Interesting. That symbol. A secret containment facility. An apparent security guard that seemed powerful enough to single-handedly suppress a Cape-riot like this if left to their own devices? The fact that Taylor's scenario, of all people, had taken me here. Coincidence? I don't think so.

Five. It didn't mean anything in the short-term. And Taylor's warpath ended the simulation too early to exhaustively search the entire site, but I felt safe in assuming that this isn't one of the scenarios that my power conjured out of nothing. The connections that were being made here were... relevant. Good to know.

But not important now.

Zero. I phase through the floor.

Coming from above, most of Taylor's swarm is massed elsewhere - and I have a clear line of sight to my target. By the time I land, the shadow-state wearing off at the same time - she's already reacting, without even turning around she breaks into a sprint as every part of her swarm erupts in activity. Surging out of doorways, peeling away from blocking cameras and pulling back from the mass of chitin that she'd sent out as the vanguard in front of her before she opened each door.

It's already not the best angle, there's already the makings of a swarm surrounding me and getting in my path - Taylor was already trying to vanish into an increasingly-dark mass of bugs as a trio of swarm clones form within the cloud behind her. The corridor darkens as spare bugs block off the overhead lighting. The window to make a meaningful attack is already closing.

But the shadow state had let me take my weapon of choice with me. It had let me reappear ready-to-deploy it. And I'd even managed to sneak in some of Sophia's recent teachings in there. The ball I'd just made, sitting in position as I reform with my leg cocked back - like I'm about to take a perfect penalty kick at the World Cup.

On previous attempts, I'd tried to drop directly onto Taylor. Tried to reform and snap her neck in the opening move. But she'd always been a little too fast - starting to move and counter the instant the first wisp of smoke passes through her bugs on the ceiling. This was a new strategy, dropping down slightly further away to give myself space. A new strategy for a new power. A new weapon. My foot connects with the ball. Not the most accurate kick.

It didn't need to be. I shorten the space with Vista in a snap. Taylor attempts to side-step as her bugs envelope her completely, only to be foiled as I manipulate the curve of the ball directly into the path of her retreat. I get a rare grunt upon connection, a glimpse of an armoured knee momentarily hitting the ground before even that glimpse is hidden by the encroaching swarm.

Situtation check - some good news, some bad news.

The good news: Definitely hit her. And knowing what that power could do to solid metal, I knew for a fact that whatever I just hit was essentially pulverised.

If I had better aim, it would have been her head and the challenge would be over now - but I wasn't that accurate. I'd been aiming for her torso, but perhaps I'd been a bit too aggressive with Vista's power - or done it at the wrong angle. The ball hadn't risen fast enough, and I'd merely landed the hit on her leg instead.

'Merely' wasn't the right word for that. Not when I was confident her leg was broken. Honestly, Taylor was probably fortunate to get away with that - saved by the angle and my need to redirect the attack with Parian's power rather than increase its speed and power. If not for that, my attack would have been more likely to go directly through her and into the wall behind.

Now. The bad news. As good as I was getting at hot-swapping between powers, the one-at-a-time limitation was still there.

Which meant that throughout that attack I hadn't had Glory Girl's forcefield equipped while in the middle of Taylor's swarm. The only reason I wasn't already half-dead was because the majority of the worst of her bugs simply took longer than the opening seconds of combat to converge on my position. That wasn't to say that I was unscathed, but it was the difference between 'my body is on fire, I can't see shit anymore, they're crawling inside' and 'I'm dead'. I dissolve into the shadow state and rush towards Taylor's last-known position. I'm pretty sure I'm fucked. I know Taylor's mobility is restricted right now, but even with my eyes free - there's nothing to see anymore. The tiniest glimmers of light that manage to make it through the bugs overhead only illuminate the rest of the swarm.

I'm not going to be able to bludgeon Taylor to death under these conditions, not that it would be easy to do that anyway. My best hope was retrieving my ball-shaped doll, topping it back up with Parian's power and nailing Taylor with the second hit. That's a lot of time to keep a power active that wasn't the shadow state or Glory Girl's forcefield.

In hindsight, using my second shadow state charge offensively was a mistake. If I'd run straight for the door with both charges, maybe I could have lived long enough to phase through it? Well. Maybe. I might just have died a slower death. But 'slower' might have been enough, given my requirement to set-up what was currently my strongest attack.

No, probably not. Taylor wouldn't let herself get hit the same way twice. Most likely she'd never enter another room that hadn't been inspected by her bugs on all sides again. Maybe my only real solution was to repeat the move until I landed that initial hit at higher power in the right place - it was just a difficult proposition with how she reacts and dodges.

I reach through the wall of seething, chittering chitin - almost completely blind, my ash clone forming next to me only to instantly disintegrate. Could bugs actually hit hard enough to break that if there were enough? Or was that Taylor? I lunge in that direction. I grip something, immediately shifting into the shadow state to reposition my own body - turning the slight grip into a full grapple. The bugs hadn't quite worked through my protection yet, but experience said that I didn't have long. One arm secure. Two arms secure. Glory Girl's shield active. This was- this was good. Great, even.

So why was she gripping me back just as hard as I was gripping her? I pause, a momentary hesitation at the fact that I hadn't had to deliberately take a wound to get this far. Right. If I had a grip on both of her arms, then where was that fucking Tinkertech blade-

Something sinks into my back, not piercing through as much as it simply disintegrates every part of my body that happens to touch it as it falls - the combination of gravity and some absurdly complex movements with her bugs and simple string.

FAILURE

"This is getting a little embarrassing now." I grouch to nobody in particular, already in my out-of-body experience as Taylor retrieves the screaming blade and blandly decapitated me. "And who even gave you Tinkertech anyway?" Usually my powers didn't cheat that hard for the opponent. The scenario was usually rigged, sure - but this was a new low. The first time I'd realised that she had something that wouldn't look out-of-place on Armsmaster had resulted in no small amount of swearing and complaints from me.

But a loss is a loss.

Yes, Taylor's master rating was obviously higher than the public PRT estimates posted online. Yes, the challenge was weighted in her favour - what with the random Tinkertech, the 'no-other-kills' clause and the pseudo-timer limiting my options.

But still. Even if I was the only one that knew my win/loss ratio, that didn't make it any less embarrassing to consistently lose. I could take some solace that, as my experience in real life had shown - beating them in unfair circumstances in my challenges usually translated to me having overwhelming odds of victory under 'normal', unbiased conditions. I was fighting them in a showcase at their absolute best, and reality would struggle to match up - but I wanted to win.

Usually, that is. I guess, in this particular case, I wasn't sure I wanted to do that quite yet. Because the reward for this was - assuming the pattern holds - a boost to our relationship. And my resolve to... step up a bit, to take a bit of responsibility, would all be for nothing if Taylor immediately turned around and confessed that she was entirely in the wrong, as my power forced the effect for me. Maybe fleetingly satisfying in the short term, but I can't help but feel that I'd lose something in the process.

I continue walking as reality settles back into my vision.

Now for the real challenge.

I sit down heavily next to Taylor. That earns me a silent glare before she deliberately returns her focus to the front. Cold shoulder. Not unexpected. Ever since our argument, we've both opted to sit at a distance in our shared classes.

"Taylor." I sigh as no response is forthcoming. "We should talk."

"There's nothing to talk about." She responds bluntly. "You're with Emma now. I get it. I'm not interested in dragging things out. Go and have fun fucking her behind the bike sheds - its nothing to do with me."

"This isn't about her." I shake my head. "It's about us-"

"There is no 'us', Greg." She rounds on me. "And of course it's about her. How could it not be? Her entire reason for interacting with you was just another tool to hurt me. What, did you think she just- just randomly picked you, out of every guy in the school - for no reason? Love at first sight, and it just happens to be the only person in the entire school willing to be my friend? You've seen her, seen me - all throughout this year. You knew what she was. What she was doing. What she wanted. And you still chose to stand by her over me because she whispered some pretty words in your ear."

I grimace. It was hard to dispute, because the critical piece of context - that I was a Cape and was essentially mastering Emma into submission - was something that I couldn't share. "Me being friendly with her doesn't mean that you need to throw away our friendship!"

"You threw away our friendship the day you looked a months-long bullying campaign and picked the bully over me." She hisses back.

"It's not that simple and you know it." I hiss back, cautious of the teacher's arrival at the front of the room - preparing to start the lesson. "That bullying campaign is over. I ended it. For you. The Trio? I've got them under control. I'm not picking a side against you."

"Totally under control." Taylor sneers. "Is that what you call doing everything that they want just because they suck your dick in a supply closet before lunch? Did you consider the fact that the bullying campaign never really stopped, they just changed the way it looked? Realised that they didn't need to do anything to me directly, just take away the only good things I had going for me in this place? How do you think I feel, my one-time best-friend-turned-bully manages to take my new best friend and turn him into her willing accomplice? How they flaunt that fact at every opportunity? They don't need to mess with my coursework, what could possibly hurt more than what they are already doing?"

I wince. Of all the arguments, the ones that held some core of 'I cared about you' stung the most. Taking abuse and a few hurtful words was easy, but I haven't exactly built up an immunity to real affection. With my power, I could confidently say that the feeling of letting someone down who believed in me felt more painful than actual torture by this point.

Enough. I was doing this for a reason. And I was going to fix things. I'd always intended to do that anyway, it was just a question of how they would be fixed. There was no outcome - not a single one - that didn't end up with Taylor happily in my harem and loving her life. I'd make sure of that. It was just a question of what that relationship looked like, and how we got there.

I lean in. "If you feel that way, then why play into it the exact way she wants you to respond? We should still be friends! There's no reason for all of this arguing." I press. "Is it so hard to believe that I'm telling the truth? Or do you really think that I'm cackling in some dark corner over how to hurt you next with my goatee-twirling friends?"

"Maybe you think you're telling the truth, and that might be even sadder than you just outright turning on me. She's got you completely wrapped around her thumb and you still don't see that she's never cared about you for a second." Her eyes harden. "And don't try to play word games with me. This came down to one thing. You had a choice between me or getting your dick wet with Emma. You can't have it both ways. Not with a history like ours. A history that you were there for too! We should still be friends? How can we? When someone I thought was my best friend looks at me and everything that happened up to that point, and makes a choice like that anyway? It just shows you were never who I thought you were. I trusted the wrong person. Fine. I was the idiot. That's on me. But I won't be making the same mistake again, I promise you that much."

I pinch my nose in frustration for a moment. I knew Taylor was never going to be the easiest to talk to, but I'd hoped that having the chance to cool off since our last real talk would have helped. Clearly, that was not the case here at all.

"Maybe it's easier to pretend that our friendship was never real, but it was real to me. I cared. And I think you did too." I half-growl. "And you know what? I still care. I'll accept I didn't handle the situation perfectly. But right now? The person stopping everything from going back to normal - no, to better than they've ever been - it isn't Emma. It's you. If you realise that her baiting you into falling out with me was all part of her plan, then the easiest way to get one back on her is to prove that she didn't manage anything meaningful in the end. I'm willing, you're the one who has the choice and the power here."

"Oh, sure. It's all my fault." She snarks, packing her books back into her bag. "And what's your proposal? I admit that I was wrong, we become the best of friends again - you manage to clear up the 'misunderstanding' with Emma and we all skip off into the sunset together? Are you going to tell me that's what Emma wants? Or are you at least aware enough to see that me giving you a chance is exactly what Emma is hoping for? That surface area - that new angle of attack. To give a bit of hope and crush it right away? One more betrayal on top of the others. Sorry. I'm not buying it. Enjoy her, really. You deserve her. I hope she was worth it. And if you really mean what you were saying? Then believe me, the best thing you can do for me is to never talk to me again."

She stands, takes her belongings, marches across the room and settles down in a gap between two other seated students.

For a moment, I'm tempted to follow. The other students would move for me after a few quick challenges, Mr G wasn't the type to do much to control the class anyway - and perhaps becoming Miss G was overdue already.

...but what would I even say? I knew the feeling that I wanted to get across to her, but even I could admit that - within the constraints of what I could say - I hadn't really found the right words. Hadn't found an argument that could pierce through the idea of 'betrayal' that Taylor was projecting onto me.

And I get it. I really do get it. Greg, just Greg, finding himself a harem of hotties consisting entirely of her personal bullies? I can see it from her perspective. I know why she thinks it's an Emma plot. I know why she's convinced that I'm either a useful idiot to the Trio, or just outright history repeating itself again with me instead of Emma. And I don't know what I would even need to do to convince her that wasn't the case, not without revealing the fact that I was obviously a Cape, a Master or even Void Cowboy specifically.

I don't know. Someone better with words could have found a way. It just didn't come naturally to me. The... sincerity? Something like that. I've gotten comfortable with the easy lies and masks, always saying what I knew they wanted to hear - and now something this simple was apparently beyond me.

Hell, come to think of it - did I even get around to saying 'sorry' in all of that? I guess I danced around the word again. I didn't really feel like I was entirely to blame, so accepting it all as if I was the only one with any agency just felt unnatural. The things I'd pointed out in my jabs to Taylor - I believed them. I know, for a fact, that Taylor is her own worst enemy here. The trio aren't unstoppable, untouchable schemers. Emma isn't a grand mastermind at all, just a minor - but attractive - pawn I collected on a whim. Madison doesn't care about her in the slightest, only about following the flow of the crowd. Sophia would respect her a hundred times more after one spirited - if doomed to failure - punch to the face. It wasn't as serious as it probably seems to her. If I were a more traditional master and took over her body for the day, I could improve her life tenfold with some simple moves, just by having the benefit of an outsider's perspective.

But she can't read my mind. She doesn't know that the only variable that I don't directly control here is her.

And she doesn't realise that this is me, not only being genuine, but being as much of a hero as I could possibly be. Honestly, a part of me is recoiling at me having a master power like mine and still trying to chase after her to fix things, rather than just making her mine. Getting a power with a side-effect that makes you the most popular guy in the area, still find a way to get rejected and humiliated in public? Yep. Classic Greg. I amaze myself sometimes. Trying to do the right thing is really working out for me here.

I know it's not the 'right' line of thought. You're not supposed to do good things just to make people think that you're good, you're not supposed to do it for the reward. But I'm not that great of a guy - and, to put it bluntly? That flash of wounded pride and spite as she spits on me being earnest and genuine goes a long way towards dampening the guilt I've been feeling around the whole Arachne situation. The mental image of her crawling back, begging for forgiveness? Still as tempting as ever. What can I say? I've got a thing for winning.

But I push it down. I'd expected this to be difficult. I'd committed to it anyway. If Taylor wasn't stubborn, antisocial and driven by spite then she wouldn't really be Taylor.

I've just got to convince her that I'm still Greg, not a mouthpiece for Emma. I'd hoped to segue into that at some point in our talk, before I got sidetracked by the argument. Propose a meetup outside of school, somewhere 'safe' for her. Her house, even. The location wasn't important, Taylor not considering it as Emma's turf was all that mattered. If she had that security, maybe she'd listen when I said I was still her friend. Still doing this for her sake, at least in part.

I just don't know how to say that, and be believed. How to open the door to friendship back, without her seeing it as a trap. Because she wasn't wrong to think the way she was. If I really was being controlled by Emma? Yeah. Lure Taylor into a false sense of security, only to hit her with a public humiliation on an entirely new scale than ever before. She'd do that. Of course she would. A personal betrayal that cuts deeper than the last. She would love it. And she would - and could - easily persuade some random guy into doing her bidding, and the old Greg probably wouldn't have been an exception. And Taylor has no reason to believe that Greg, just Greg, would have the power or the sway over the Trio to flip that control on its head. I get it. I was a nerd too. One of my only friends was Taylor too. I wasn't a popular guy, even if that had changed since getting my power. It was all... reasonable. Logical.

Fuck. This would be so much simpler if Taylor knew I was a Cape. Not that I was considering spilling that little tidbit right now. I'd rather keep the number of reasons to be mad at me low, and keep in her good graces in at least one of my identities. But being able to point to a clear and logical point where everything she thought she knew about me had changed would have helped here.

I remain seated where I am. I try and focus on the lesson.

I'm not done. I just need a bit of time. Time to think about what I actually want to say. What kind of outcome I'm happy with. I want... I don't need forgiveness, tears and hugs at the end. I just need progress. No, not even that. I needed to get everything that I needed to say out - and have it be understood. Taylor's response to that...actually didn't matter. If she wanted to be friends again, or if she kept thinking that I was the new Emma - I would have done what I'd set out to do. Been honest with myself, done right by who I wanted to be, regardless of whether it was accepted or not. And then? Sure. I was going to complete her challenges eventually and make it all a moot point. It should be all the same... but it isn't.

This would be a lot easier if I'd just stayed away from 'Arachne', left my idea of Taylor as the 'goal' that the old Greg strove for, but didn't really know that well. But I hadn't. Just like with Sophia, I'd gotten to know her as more than just a challenge and an obstacle. She liked me. Trusted me. Loved me. And I was lying to her right from the start. About me. My identity. My knowledge of her identity. My powers. Her 'natural' crush on me. My 'intuition' for how she could use her powers and become a better hero. My heroic intentions for the future. The reasons I wanted to patrol with her. Why I wanted her on my team in the first place.

The teacher drones on. The teacher leaves. Taylor leaves. The other students leave.

Ah. Class is over. My only shared class with Taylor until the final period of the day, and I've made no progress. Perhaps I've even made negative progress.

Mission failed. We'll get them next time.

Next time as in, right after this next lesson.

Where did she even hide during lunch these days anyway?

--

I peer through one classroom window. Empty. Finding Taylor outside of class was proving challenging.

I wasn't an idiot. I knew what Arachne was like. I'd taken a detour to the gym showers, stripped down and looked all over myself and my clothes with my Bug Control powerset to hose away her preferred tracking method. Bug Control was actually useful here, lighting up my view with potential target bugs to steal away - but I avoid actually doing it, preferring to just kill any bug that comes near me and then avoiding the few waiting to latch onto me by the exit doors.

I was still fortunate that she couldn't see through her bugs right now, as long as I knew that she was relying on the bugs naturally landing on someone near the area that wasn't already being tracked to 'find me' again after losing her initial spy, I could work around it. I just needed to escape the area and re-enter a fair distance away from where she was assuming I had disappeared off to. She couldn't identify literally every person in the school, only those she had manually tagged today and was keeping a mental eye on. I didn't need to avoid every bug for the rest of the day, just to duck out of her net and blend in with the rest of the crowd. Not everyone was being tracked like me, after all.

Knowing how Taylor worked as Arachne when being serious, that just meant that she was being subtle while at school. People might notice if literally everyone had a bug crawling across their face to let her track them, but she could hide any bug of any size anywhere. The folds of a creased shirt, the underside of my shoe, the soles themselves, my hair, my schoolbag - anything would be enough to get a general hint of my location and help her to stay away, or at least hide whenever I got close to finding her in her usual haunts.

In theory, I could repeat the trick back at her. She couldn't detect 'my' bugs when I stole one from her, giving it administrator status would let me track and control it with ease no matter where she hid. All I'd have to do then is disguise my approach so it didn't look like I knew exactly where she was, and I could talk to her again right away.

Except my administrator power was busy. My ash clone was active halfway across the city right now, Tinker-slot installed and doing its best to hammer my teleporter into a more usable shape. I didn't particularly like having my ash clone up for so long due to the longer downtime afterwards, but now that I was a Noctis Cape it made more sense. My 'dead' hours, where I could use the ash clone, kill it and let it recharge before I needed it in a fight, were now my regular school hours rather than the times I was forced to sleep. It was about maximising the uptime of my Tinker slot - my Tinker rating might not be high, but I can borrow from stronger Tinkers and dedicate more time to the task than anyone who had to run around with school, a job or running a gang.

Which was all to say, I was happy with where my administrator was right now - thank you very much. Tracking down Taylor would be nice, but not at the expense of killing my ash-clone early and sabotaging my Tinkering progress.

Which left searching for Taylor the old-fashioned way, all while not being entirely sure if she was even inside school grounds or not. What did she even do during lunch hours when I wasn't around? I assume she has some preferred places to hang out, but the ones I'm familiar with turn up empty.

Thin arms wrap around me from behind, halting my walk through the busy corridors mid-step. "Guess who?"

I look down at the lily-white hands meeting at my torso. "Sophia." I drawl.

"Not quite." Emma leans into me. "What are you wandering around here for? You usually hang out with us."

"Nothing that serious-" I shake my head.

"Looking for Taylor, perhaps?" She interrupts with a too-serene smile.

A smile that widens as I deflate. Fuck. I was hoping to defuse this after the fact, not before.

"Sophia told you?" Couldn't she have waited a day to start gossiping?

"No, but now I know she was hiding something from me." Emma narrows her eyes. "No. I heard a bit of gossip that said you were trying to talk with her in class today and got shot down. I didn't want to believe it, but I suppose you've just confirmed it for me."

I sigh. Out with it then. "Fine. Yes. I was looking for Taylor."

Emma doesn't scream. Doesn't fly off in a rage. She just tilts her head and looks confused. "But why would you even want to do that in the first place? She betrayed you, remember? You took one step out of her shadow, made a friend that she didn't approve of - and she showed her true colours in an instant to try and blackmail you back to being her lapdog. You're better off without her. I mean, look at you!" Her arm links with mine. "There's nothing good that can come of interacting with her - she's a leech that will drag anyone that gets close down to the dirt with her. And that's without getting into those rumours about what she's been doing with those Merchant boys..."

I shoot her an unimpressed look. "There's no need to just start making things up, Emma. I'm annoyed at her for enough perfectly legitimate reasons already without you pulling some from thin air."

"Thin air? I think it's a pretty safe assumption myself. Ugly. Loner. No fashion sense. No money. No friends. Drug user. That's Merchant material. Well. Maybe not a real gang member, but probably a regular enough customer to get a discount. But, customer is probably a stretch." She smirks with eyes alight. "If you ask me, it would be more surprising if she wasn't whoring herself out in exchange for her hits. You don't get to be that messed-up just by being anti-social, it's obvious to anyone with eyes that she's on something - and she hardly has much to offer in trade other than herself."

"I'm sure." I leave all the doubt present in my tone. I understood that Emma was obsessed with Taylor, that didn't mean I needed to play along. I wasn't a big fan of this side of Emma. Girls having a catfight over me? Sounds fun. Hot. But this wasn't really that, despite my initial expectations after looking at the pair from afar. It was too personal for a feud between one-time friends. A level of hate that took all the fun out of watching them hiss and spit at each other.

Emma presses into my side. "More to the point, why worry about Taylor when you have me? Us? You don't need to feel like you owe her a chance or anything, just accept that you've moved up in the world and sometimes you need to leave the trash behind."

Is it even worth trying to explain? Emma could carry on a conversation just fine for every topic in the world apart from this one. "Just wanted to have a talk. We didn't really see eye-to-eye when we parted ways last time. I don't know if it's fixable, but I'd like to at least have an honest conversation about it. Apologise for not being the best friend all the time. Explain myself and my decisions. So, even if we do part ways fully - we at least understand each other, rather than staying angry forever about something the other person didn't even mean to do."

"Apologise? You?" Her disbelief is genuine. "To Taylor?" She seems dumbfounded. "You must be joking. You didn't even do anything wrong. She doesn't deserve it anyway. She's weak. Prey. Everything that's happened is entirely her own fault. You're better than that - better than her. You're special. A predator. Even Sophia could see that - why would you throw that away for her of all people?"

Yeah. I knew she wouldn't get it. "I'm not throwing anything away. It's an apology and a general agreement that we shouldn't stay mad at each other forever. It isn't that serious." I look at her uncomprehending expression. "It's a stupid thing to fight over. I know you've got your thing with Taylor, but I'm not looking for a feud like that. Even if we never quite get around to making up properly, I've got better things to do than let some old argument hang over me for the rest of the school year." I shake my head. Fuck it. "Like you. I mean, really. Whatever she did, you've got to move on at some point. Bury the hatchet." I eye her expression. She didn't like that. Of course. "No? If you're confident that you're so far above Taylor, then why are you spending every hour of every school day thinking about her? It doesn't make any sense."

Emma's scowl remains in place. "You wouldn't get it, and it's none of your business anyway."

"It became my business the moment you started using me to fuck with Taylor. If you kept your distance, we wouldn't even be having this conversation now." I throw my hands up. "And, fine. I don't get it. Then help me get it. What did she do to you? What's the context that I'm missing here that explains everything?"

She shakes her head. "The context is that you spent too much time hanging around Taylor and listening to her victim complex, and now you think she was seriously being bullied. Reality check, nobody cares about her. Everything that she complains about is just a natural consequence of being at the bottom of the social ladder." Emma unlinks herself from me, crossing her arms. "There's nothing to say other than that she's weak and acting out for attention."

"All I'm hearing is that you don't trust me with the real answer." I tell her bluntly. "Kind of getting tired of it, actually." Maybe I was still sour about my conversation with Taylor, or maybe I was currently all-too-aware that the girl in front of me was the cause of all of my troubles here. Being hot wasn't enough for me to forgive everything she did. Even if it did help.

"It's not that." Emma softens her expression. "I'm your girlfriend, remember? Of course I need to be a little protective when you start talking to a girl with a history of treating you badly. I don't want you talking with that skank. Is that such a bad thing?"

I grunt. "Even if you were being genuine, it isn't your place to decide who I talk to." I extend a hand. "Come on. You can't even make a coherent argument about what's so great about bullying Taylor anyway. Look at Madison, does she care about what she's missing without chasing after Taylor? No, she's barely even noticed things have changed. Sophia, does she care that she hasn't gotten her daily fix of shoving the nerd in the hallway recently? No. She's moved on to bigger and better targets, tougher fights against gang members and random racists trying to throw their weight around. Isn't that closer to the predator mindset you're always on about? Worthy prey or something? You can come with me, if you want. Settle things with Taylor. Move on from this obsession you have. Say you don't care anymore. Apologise for taking things a bit too far with the locker thing-" Thinking about it, that had to be her trigger event, right? Bugs - made total sense. "-and leave her behind in the dust. That's what winning looks like, as far as I'm concerned."

Emma's face twists into something unpleasant. "Is this your idea of a joke? I'm not obsessed. And I'm not apologising. She's the one who owes an apology! If she had any sense, she'd be here on her knees, begging you to forgive-"

Whatever. I tried. "Then just stay out of the way." I spread my arms wide. "It's that simple. If you're incapable of letting go, just look the other way. I'll do it myself. It's not a big deal for me. Maybe it is for you, but we've all got to make our own decisions. I won't make it for you-" I lock eyes with her. "-and you don't make them for me either. I haven't forgotten that you're the one who instigated things to go the way they did. You overstepped there. I didn't mind too much at the time, but I won't let that happen again."

"I did you a favour." She spits angrily. "And really? Look the other way as you go crawling on your knees, begging some complete slut to take you back after treating you like trash?" Emma's eyes harden. "No. This isn't like you. I won't let it happen. Just move on! Everything is fine. Everything is great, even! Isn't it? What's so bad about me that you even feel the need to look at her? We both hate each other for a reason, neither of us can tolerate the other - so you need to choose. Your girlfriend, or the person that dumped you like trash because you spoke to a pretty girl. What is it, Greg? Me or her?"

I can't stop the twitch on my face at that. It was just so... civilian. Most of my interesting conversation partners were Capes, and the power dynamics between us were pretty well understood. Emma was somewhat unique in her overestimation of how important she was to me. "Let me? I'm not asking for permission. I'm telling you. I'm the one making a choice? No. I'm doing it, and giving you the choice on how you deal with that." I lean in, adopting a harsher tone. "We're not like the lovey-dovey couples everywhere else in this school. You came to me because you wanted to mess with Taylor, you stayed because I slot neatly into that worldview that you and Sophia share - right above both of you. This isn't a relationship of equals. You don't tell me what I can and can't do. And I'd suggest you don't start thinking that trying to force me into a choice is going to end well either."

Emma flinches as if struck. "You'd toss me aside for her?" She looks ill at the thought. "You don't mean that. I'm your girlfriend, how could you even suggest that? How is it even an option in your mind?"

"Because you suggested something that goes against how this relationship works. You've said it before, predator and prey - you praised me as a real example of it. You like the fact that I'm above you in your little view of the world. And yet, you still think that you can dictate who I'm allowed to speak with. You still think that you can make decisions for me." She looks upset. Almost making it seem like I was the bad guy here. That was fine. I never expected her to be happy about this. "How am I supposed to respond to that? Or in your own words, how does your ideal predator respond to the prey telling them what to do?"

"It's not like that. I'm looking out for you." She stews in silent fury for a moment. "Fine." She doesn't look fine.

"Fine?" I tilt my head at her.

"I said fine!" She throws her hands into the air. "Let's go find her then. Say what you want to say, get rejected and then move on forever."

I mask the sigh of relief. That was... a calmer acceptance than I'd expected, but this had always been my preferred outcome. It made sense. I'd completed all of Emma's challenges, so while the original Emma would never have considered a word of what I was saying - the fact that it was coming from me made it more palatable. Her being willing to come along was a surprise too. Perhaps the possibility of Emma and Taylor making up wasn't as distant as it first appeared - not that I expected Taylor to just forgive Emma on the spot for everything, but marking an end to outright hostilities would be some huge progress on that front.

"Well then." I cough. "Just got to find her then. I've checked the art classrooms and-"

"I'll find her." Emma interrupts sourly, pulling out her phone and leaning against a nearby wall.

Emma gets to work fast. If there's one thing I'll concede, it's that she can 'search' for Taylor a lot better than I could. How? Social networking. I hadn't expected her to have an entire chat group of people ready to help her bully more efficiently, even if Emma characterised it as a 'social group' - it must have been clear to everyone in it that Emma and Taylor didn't get along. That they were willing to help anyway was... not that meaningful, honestly. Emma was hot. Popular. Rich. I'd have helped pass along 'harmless' information too if I'd ever been included in a group like that.

After a minute tapping on her phone and responding to notifications, Emma straightens up and starts to walk. "She passed by the back of the cafeteria after class."

"That's a pretty large area to cover, but still helpful." I comment, easily keeping pace with the redhead.

"No, she won't be walking around - she'll be heading somewhere to eat her lunch. The only place that would fit is the history classrooms and the girls' toilets that are just upstairs from them. I'd bet on the latter. Eating in the toilets is just like her, really. Disgusting." She sniffs pointedly.

I shrug. "I'll take the word of the expert, I suppose."

"You'll trust my expertise in this, but not in my expertise in also being one of Taylor's ex-friends? I'm the number one person on the planet who should be trusted when I say that Taylor is a waste of space and not worth being friends with." She scowls. "Greg, she doesn't deserve this. She doesn't even deserve the attempt." She continues, then speaks in a smaller voice. "Greg, please don't do this. It will ruin everything."

"Just what do you think she could say that would change anything?" I challenge. "If you being around me is a dealbreaker for her, then you don't need to do anything and us suddenly being best friends again is impossible. What are you even worried about?"

"Then why do it in the first place? Why give her any kind of win?" Emma looks frustrated.

Aside from just being the right thing to do? Nothing I could explain to her. Because I need to defuse the landmine I've stepped on. Our two respective identities have too much potential drama around them to just leave things as they are, hoping that neither of us will ever get unmasked, or reveal ourselves to the other. Hell, as the healer - any facial injury she gets through her mask will out her by default if she comes to me to get fixed.

"Because I feel like it." I shrug. If she wasn't going to give a real answer, did she really expect one back?

"Forget I asked." Emma's expression turns thunderous at my lackadaisical response. Guess she didn't like that.

Well. Maybe that wasn't the best answer to give her, but I was backed into a bit of a corner here. I wasn't outing myself or Taylor to Emma, and without that key piece of info - she didn't understand how important this actually was. If she did know, she'd probably be somewhat supportive once she wrangled out her real feelings in her head - if only because 'Arachne' was worthy and powerful, even if Taylor was still a zero to her.

It doesn't take long for Emma to pause outside of a building. "Up there, I guess."

"You're not coming?" I probe.

"I'll catch up in a bit. You talk to her first." Emma waves me off.

"Probably the smartest thing to do." I agree. Taylor would jump to a certain conclusion just seeing us approach her together. I go on ahead.

Classrooms first. Nothing.

Upstairs to the female toilets it is then. Not the kind of place where a guy was usually accepted, but I was pretty confident that with no other people in the building - there was no reason for anyone other than Taylor to go so far out of their way to use the facilities.

And if I was wrong, a few challenges would change outrage into exasperation in short order. No big deal.

So I feel no concern at all about kicking the door open and shouting my greetings to the room at large. "Taylor! We need to have a real talk."

Silence. I peer up at the ceiling. That's a few too many bugs, even for Winslow.

I clear my throat. "Come on, I'm just looking to clear the air between us."

"How did you even find me- no. What are you even doing here, Greg?" One cubicle opens halfway across the room, Taylor stepping out while slipping a book and a half-empty bottle into her bag. "You're a boy, get out!"

"And let you go back to hiding away? No." I lean against the wall. "I wanted to have a real talk. About what happened between us, and how it's going to be now."

"Oh, you've made yourself plenty clear." She scoffs. "I'm sure. What, do you want an apology for me being mad that you started dating the girl who bullied me? You want to talk about how much I hurt your feelings when I refused to be your friend anymore?"

"I'm sorry." I start out. A flicker of something bitter crosses her face at the words. "I wasn't thinking about your feelings when I started out with all of this. Emma came to me with a deal I could exploit, and I only thought about the practical benefits. Only considered how I could control what they did, without thinking about how that would look to you. I thought-" I pause for a moment. "Well. I thought you wouldn't be all that bothered, honestly. You usually do pretty well on your own, I guess I thought Emma had misjudged how you would feel about me being 'stolen' away."

"Yeah, well. Spill all your secrets to your best friend for long enough, they get a pretty good idea of how to hurt you later on." Taylor snarks bitterly. "Didn't see it coming. Didn't learn the second time around either."

I ignore that. "Emma... she's got some issues. Like Sophia, there's a real obsession with strength there - I saw that I could use that. For both of us, we went into that 'deal' knowing it was a short-term thing while we tried to manipulate the other person. I knew that she and Sophia would fold and do things my way eventually. Emma was thinking that I was a generic nerd she could seduce away, and eventually I'd be so smitten that I'd never look at you again, regardless of any 'deal' we had going." I cross my arms. "It could, and should, have been over in a week. Everything back the way it was, except with the Trio more docile than ever. I know Emma still hates you, but you can't have failed to notice that Madison and Sophia just don't care anymore. I don't think that's going to change either."

"Dress it up however you like Greg. I'm not interested in your excuses for wanting to fuck her, or your utopia ending of how everything would have gone if only I hadn't jumped to conclusions about your noble reasons for allowing Emma to suck your dick." She half-chuckles in disbelief. "The fact that you're even trying to justify it? Be serious. You're not 'sorry', you're just annoyed that I'm not getting in line to fuck you after those three are finished."

I can't entirely deny that, but that's not the full story either.

Maybe she sees something in my expression, because she shakes her head with a wry smirk. "Nothing to say to that? Sorry, I've got someone else."

I can't resist. "Really? Who?"

Taylor pauses for a moment. "He- he goes to another school. You wouldn't know him." A hint of colour enters her cheeks as I raise an eyebrow at the cliche deflection. I knew she didn't have a real answer without mentioning her boyfriend was a Cape, but... this conversation was putting me in awkward spots - why shouldn't she have to deal with a little awkwardness by needing to lie a bit too? She coughs and hastily continues. "Th-the point is, I've got standards too, Greg. I don't need you. You don't need me. Move on."

"Believe it or not, I'm not looking for a quick fuck." I tell her bluntly. "And I'll even accept that you might just not want to be friends anymore. I'm just looking for you to actually believe me. I want you to have the same trust in me that I have in you. You're not even considering that what I say might be the truth. I get it. You're mad. I hurt your feelings. And you know, I regret that. And maybe you don't want to accept that apology, and I'll live with that too. But I'm not Emma. I wanted - and still want - things to get better. For me, and for you." I meet her eyes as her attention shifts past me. "I don't want to walk out of here with this... animosity hanging over us. Apathy, fine. If you want to start over as acquaintances, fine. I can handle that. But to me, you're still my friend - we shouldn't be fighting at all."

The door opens behind me. Emma steps through. Madison peers through the door behind her, flanked by Sophia. She strolls past me. "Oh, look. You found her. Good work."

I take a moment too long to register the odd choice of words. A moment too long to note the speed of her approach.

Emma squeezes a bottle of juice harshly, a small jet of liquid racing towards Taylor even as she attempts to flinch away. She's not quite fast enough to fully avoid the stream, but does backstep into her cubicle to block off the worst of it with the door - betrayed eyes meeting with mine before the door slams shut. Emma steps closer, clearly intending to start blasting through the edges of the cubicle - only to stop, my hand settling heavily on her shoulder.

My hand is shaking. The walls feel a little closer than before.

"Emma." I focus on enunciating the words clearly. "What are you doing?"

"Exactly what we agreed to do." She attempts to shrug herself free from my grip. "Putting this bitch in her place after she started thinking she was better than you this morning. Thanks for finding her, we'll take it from here. Mads, Sophia - come on, look at her hiding already!"

Ah. So that's how it is.

"I see." I did see. She was going to put on an act in front of Taylor to try and make it seem like this was all part of my plan, joining the Trio in truth. "So the whole conversation we had before now was just, what. Performative? A big joke that I wasn't included on?"

"What are you talking about, stop being weird and let's just go already-" She attempts to push my arm away. I tighten my grip. "-let go, you're hurting me-"

"And when I was telling you the choices that you had. Explaining how things worked between us. You didn't really listen to any of that." I don't take my eyes off the struggling redhead. "When I made it clear that your choice was to either step aside while I had this talk, or bury the hatchet at the same time - you chose the third option. You weighed up me, our relationship for the last few weeks and everything we've done together - and decided that was worth less to you than getting to bully Taylor a little more."

"Don't do this in front of her." She hisses. "This is for your benefit-"

For a moment, I wish the completed challenge symbol by her head would wipe itself clean. Offer some kind of bonus stage. I think I needed that right now.

I ignore the feeling.

"Mine? Or yours?" I spin her around to face me. She flinches as she meets my eyes, her struggles to free herself from my grip momentarily pausing. "I told you. Warned you. You don't get to decide things for me. I was being nice when I told you that you could choose to stay out of it if you really couldn't handle this. And this is what you choose instead? This was the better option, in your mind?" I laugh harshly, releasing her shoulder.

A guilty expression flicks across her face. Didn't like how I worded that, perhaps. "It isn't like that." Emma pleads. "I'll make it up to you, I didn't want to do this either but you didn't give me a choice-" I tune her out.

That is funny. That is very funny.

Four challenges completed. Four doses of what was essentially a master power. Weeks of quiet conversations, passionate fucking across the school, ideologies fully in-sync, slotting into her friend group and putting up with all of her bullshit so far.

And after all of that, it's still not enough for someone to choose Greg Veder over the high-school equivalent of plucking wings off of flies.

Fine.

I get it.

I can't fix this. There's no 'next step' from here. No extra layer of Emma's challenges that I haven't gone through yet. This was it. The most loyal someone could get - looking a little sad at being forced to make a choice between me or chasing after Taylor with a juice box, and knowingly, willingly, explicitly choosing the latter despite my wishes, demands and ultimatums to the contrary.

I turn to the entrance. Madison and Sophia are still there, both looking reluctant to come any closer. "And you? One invite to come chasing after Taylor, get one over on me - and you come running?"

Madison shifts uncomfortably under my gaze. I'm not sure why, she's usually the calm and collected one. "Um. Emma didn't really explain anything, just asked us to come as fast as we could-" She swallows audibly. "-I don't really, this isn't really my thing. It feels a bit- you know."

"You were just leaving." It isn't a question.

Madison nods swiftly and turns on one heel, beating a quick retreat.

Taylor is oddly silent.

Sophia watches her go, her nonchalant expression not matching her tense body posture. "Well, I'll echo that she didn't really say what was going on - but I'd be lying if I said I didn't have a pretty good guess what she wanted." She rolls her shoulders meaningfully. "I'm not really interested right now, I'm only here in case things get a bit too heated." She looks directly at me as she says it. A threat? A warning? A promise?

I'm going to be honest, Sophia. You're the only one here who can take a punch right now. I'm begging you to give me a reason.

I'm pretty sure the feeling is mutual, so she might actually be a lifesaver here.

I don't say that. I quietly return my focus to Emma, then to Taylor - watching intently from the relative safety of the stall - then back to Emma again. "It's time for you to go too."

"And leave you with her?" Emma regains a bit of courage at the thought. "As if. I'm not letting her tear us apart that easily-"

"There is no 'us' anymore." I echo Taylor's own words from earlier in the day. "How could there be, after this? You clearly don't get it, Emma. Fuck. Off. I'm done with you." I meant it. The sting of betrayal and humiliation, mixing with the feeling of denied bloodshed in response - a rarity with my power - had coalesced into a quiet fury. I'm not good enough for her? No. She's not good enough for me. I hadn't even considered this as a serious possibility that Emma would choose this... hobby, over me. It was insulting to even imagine. Sophia must have considered it as likely, but she didn't know about the Master aspect of my powers. That should have been enough.

Hell. After all of this, it should have been enough without any Mastering at all. Was there even a single 'real' relationship in the entire school that would have failed this small of a 'test'?

It wouldn't hurt if her challenges were incomplete. Left half-done. Like Sophia. Like Taylor. But it wasn't. This was the limit, and it wasn't enough. I'd been ready for that to be the case for other people. More serious cases. When proud heroes were faced with undeniable proof of my villainous ways, when the most bloodthirsty serial killers were told to join my harem and bake cookies in the kitchen for the rest of their days. Things that went completely against their innate nature and sensibilities.

Not a fucking playground squabble gone too far.

"No. That's not- you can't do that. We can still make this work." She finally frees herself from my grip. "Come on, it was a little prank - she was never going to fall for your act, she's not that dumb. I'll apologise for ruining your original plan, but please - let's just go back to how things were before." She pleads with tears in her eyes.

"You're still trying." I guess she thinks that, so long as Taylor isn't an option, she can fix the rest later. "You don't get it. It's over. Emma. Leave."

"It isn't!" She insists. "I still love you, you still love me. Madison and even Sophia too. Everything's fine, everything will continue to be fine - as soon as that bitch finally learns her place."

"Fuck. Off." I repeat. "I wasn't asking."

Hurt flashes on her face for a moment. Not too long ago, I'd have felt bad about that.

She glances at Taylor, then back at Sophia and Madison - then back to me. Her mournful expression turns into a picture of anger and wounded pride - a harder tone entering her voice as she tries to straighten up. "I wasn't asking either, Greg. Who do you even think you are? Look at yourself. Look at how much better things have gotten for you since I gave you a chance. Your social status, your attitude, your sex life - you didn't have any of them before I decided to give you a chance. I did that. I made you into what you are, and without me - you'll go right back to that life. But at least you'll have Taylor, right? Maybe, if you keep on humiliating yourself enough - she might deign to let you sit in the cuck chair while her Merchant friends run a train on her. And if you're really good-"

A sharp crack. Emma reels back, stumbling over her own feet and falling backwards. I inspect my own raised hand for a moment. Ah. That was me.

I liked the effect. But wasn't satisfied. It sounded odd, but I didn't really have a good, healthy outlet for feelings like this. I didn't want to stop at a mere slap. The visceral feeling of hate would never be satisfied with that, no matter how shocked Emma looked now. I wanted a weapon. I wanted to compare the durability of the sink with that of her face. I wanted to see the expression she makes after saying all of this nonsense about predators, prey and survivors - only to realise that there was literally nothing she could do to stop me choking the life out of her. I wanted to beat someone into bloody submission until I was too spent to be angry.

So when Sophia's fist sails into my cheekbone - I send her the most genuine smile I've made all day. She gets me. I get her.

I grab her arm and throw her towards the floor. She drags me down with her. We grapple for a moment, trading one punch after the other - neither truly seeking to win like in our usual fights, just to land some hits. For a moment, it looks like Emma might try and join the fray - but takes one look at the frenzied exchange between Sophia and I before backing off. She heads towards Taylor instead, juicebox raised like a weapon - only for Taylor to surge out of the cubicle instead and knock her to the ground. I ignore them for a moment, only momentarily letting my attention be pulled away as Emma's attempt to pull Taylor's hair results in a bloodied nose and a knee in the stomach to draw a wail of pain from the redhead.

Surprising from Taylor. Maybe it shouldn't be. 'Arachne' wasn't exactly a pacifist, but for some reason, it felt strange seeing Taylor act anything like her. I couldn't make out much of the half-hissed, half-whispered conversation that was going on between those two as Taylor holds Emma in place, but Sophia was clearly looking to get away from me to separate them rather than continue trading blows with me.

Not just because she was losing. Sophia was skilled, of course. But of the two of us, she relied on her powers more to keep our fights close. Certainly, she was still better than most - and that meant something coming from me - but her instincts were all wrong. The momentary hesitation as she stops herself from phasing through an attack and countering, and that hesitation is all I need to press an advantage. Bigger. Stronger. Tougher. We'd already done this song and dance before. I'll admit, I'm taking a beating too. I'm actually enjoying the flashes of pain that come with every hit she lands, the violence is a pleasant, familiar distraction to keep my brain from lingering on what just happened.

Sophia bites down on my fist as I linger on a blow a moment too long. Then my grapple falters into nothing as my fingers slip through thin-air, a momentary shift of part of her body into the shadow state - just slight enough to ruin my hold without clearly exposing her power, just significant enough to give her leverage over me instead of the other way around - unless I was willing to repeat the trick in a game of chicken to see who can cheat the most without outing themselves.

I'm not playing that game. I let her kick away from me, bounding up before me to reach Emma and Taylor first - the latter of whom shoves away the former, squares up to Sophia as she pushes Emma behind her away from Taylor. Towards me.

Emma, crying and raging, simply tackles me instead of actually trying to fight. Bigger and stronger I might be, but shrugging off her full weight like its nothing isn't something I can do.

And as much as a dark part of me wants to, bludgeoning Emma into submission probably had more consequences than doing the same to Sophia. She can't take the hits, and I can't exactly offer my healing services later if things leave too much of a mark. Kicking away Emma is the best I can do, while this was all basically foreplay to Sophia, the wide-grin on her face as Taylor lunges for her is a testament to that.

I wince. Taylor's made some big strides in close combat lately. But take it from me, big strides aren't always enough when you start at the bottom.

I took close to a hundred attempts against Sophia - and other people across the same period - before I was content to say that I was her equal in hand-to-hand combat. I had the off-brand version of Victor's powerset active for half of that time, accelerating my own growth in skill.

Suffice to say, Taylor had a way to go. And Sophia immediately proves it. A three-point combo punishes an overextended fist, a textbook move that she's used against me countless times. Taylor attempts a jab at her kidneys. Punished again. Leg sweep. Denied. Taylor takes a kick to the torso and crashes backwards into the cubicle she just came out of.

"Nu' 'on ge'-" Emma tries to speak as I dislodge her, clutching a bloody nose and backing away to the exit. She gives up on whatever she was trying to say. "Sho-Sho'ia!" She calls out to her friend.

Sophia backs away from Taylor before I reach her. We eye each other for a moment, before Sophia flicks her eyes to the door, gives me and Taylor a slight nod in turn and then steps away - one hand massaging her jaw. As if she hadn't been trading blows just a few seconds earlier. Not that she was ever really the type to hold a grudge over a bit of violence. She was probably getting off on this. The fact that I'd provided an excuse for her by slapping Emma had probably made her day. "Later." There's an odd emphasis on the word as she looks at me.

Right.

Not a statement of farewell. An acknowledgement of our original agreement - to keep meeting up no matter what happened in school. I hadn't really expected things to come to this, but Sophia likely had. And she agreed anyway. "Later." I agree.

So she was willing to go behind her best friend's back for me, to keep our... thing, going.

...and I hadn't beaten all of her challenges yet. How did that make sense?

Or maybe, it made perfect sense. Because I'd taken things much slower with Sophia. Not always intentionally, but I had. I'd interacted more, grown the relationship more organically - as opposed to Emma, where I'd progressed from acquaintance, to having her suck me off in abandoned classrooms in the space of about two days. A few thin excuses about jealousy and her own psychology had been the only thing our relationship was built on initially. Maybe I hadn't really given it the time to breathe that it needed. Relied too much on my power doing the heavy lifting and only enjoying the rewards - something which might have still been fine, if I hadn't tested the end result too much, too fast. Taylor had been far, far more important to her than I'd expected.

...no. I'm not going down this route. I'm not blaming myself for this one. Emma's logic was psychotic, and with all thoughts of how hot she was mostly out of my mind thanks to the feeling of indignant rage flowing through my veins - it was easy to see that, even when the conversations we'd shared hadn't always been about Taylor, that motivation had never really been far from her thoughts at any point.

Fine. I glance at Taylor, pulling myself from my thoughts. Taylor is staring. Not at Emma, oddly enough. But at Sophia. Not a look of caution or fear, not the kind of look I would expect her to have sent one of her arch-enemies after taking a minor beatdown. Shock. An uncomprehending, blank expression.

Well. Perhaps she hadn't expected to lose that decisively after all the training she'd been doing? Perhaps now that she's a little more versed in combat, she can see for the first time how outmatched she still is? I don't know. I'm not a mind-reader. Either way, she doesn't say anything as they leave.

I note the smattering of bugs flitting down from the ceiling to settle on the pairs clothes as they leave. She was probably doing the same to me too, not that I really had a problem with that right now.

We look at each other for a moment. My anger is gone, lingering in the back of my mind for the next time I see that treacherous bitch - but not suitable for this conversation. I'll file that grudge away. Maybe there was a bit of hypocrisy there, that I'm the only one allowed to hold grudges like that - but life isn't fair. Deal with it.

And you know what? Actually? This is a good thing. Now I get to see what happens to my maxed-out 'victims' when we break up and become enemies. Perhaps, in a twist of fate, Emma will be the one crawling back for forgiveness. Maybe I'll have to deal with a yandere from now on. Maybe I'll have to deal with a 'bully' of my own with an overly-sexual tint to it. Or maybe she just hates me, and I can't fix it. Or she hates me, and its oddly easy for me to fix it. Any of those outcomes were possible. Any of them would provide some useful insights into my power.

Insights that would be useful for more important targets.

Like Taylor. Taylor, who looked like she didn't know what to say. Struggling with finding the right opening words.

"I-" "This-" We both start, then stop at the same time.

I make a gesture. Taylor starts speaking first. "This doesn't change anything. Everything I said, I meant it."

"And I meant everything I said too." I counter amicably.

She nods. Then she kicks the cubicle door, a frustrated snarl finding its way onto her face. "I told you so. I fucking told you, Greg! This is what she does! That's what she's like!"

"That's what the master manipulator looks like, is it?" I challenge. "That's how you expect her to act in this situation? Every word, every expression?"

"Yes! No." She hesitates. "Fine. Maybe she felt something for you, but that doesn't change who she is. And that doesn't change the choice you made!"

"And what did I choose?" I tilt my head.

"Her!" She shouts. "You chose her, and now you're-" She throws a hand out wildly. "-I don't even know. What are you doing? What are you even trying to achieve? She won't forget that, she won't forgive it - what were you even thinking?"

"And this was all a part of the grand plan of me choosing her, that's what it looked like to you?" I cross my arms. "You still think everything I said earlier is a lie?"

"No." Taylor looks deflated. "And, Emma was never a good actress either. I don't understand what you're doing, or why - but-" She breathes in slowly. "-if it really means that much to you, I'll believe that you thought you were helping." Her eyes flash. "You weren't! To be clear, it was stupid. The single worst move you could possibly have taken. In fact, knowing that you thought that was what I would want hurts even more - it makes me feel like you never even knew me in the first place!"

"And I'm sorry! Again." I spread my hands. "And, as your friend, I'll make it up to you."

"We can't go back, Greg." She insists. "We can't just pretend nothing was ever said or done. It happened. Things are different now."

"Then let's move forward." I press. "It happened, fine. But now that you've accepted I'm not doing some crazy scheme on Emma's behalf, is it really impossible for me to build that trust back?"

Taylor hesitates. "Just-just do what you want. I don't know. I want to go back. I really, really do. I wish this never happened in the first place, but it did - and now, that trust we had... I don't know."

"We can rebuild it. Even if we have to build up to it. We don't need to pretend it didn't happen." I channel some wisdom. "Some bad things came out of it, some good things came out of it. We learned some lessons. I learned to be more considerate about your feelings. You learned that you need to have a bit more faith in the kind of guy I am. I think we can forge an even stronger bond than before out of that."

"You're sounding corny." Taylor complains. "And what do you mean, the kind of guy you are, a complete horndog? Don't try and claim that the threesome- no, it's a foursome- was all for my benefit." Taylor snarks without heat.

"I confess, there were also ulterior motives. The curse of being a straight guy struck me at a bad time." I concede. "Repeatedly."

Wait, did I even mention that fully in our conversation? Taylor, you're exposing your nature as a voyeur through your bugs!

"Pervert." The perverted voyeur accuses me.

"Well, I joke a little - but I really did sense weakness. A way to approach them that could help - and also, coincidentally, get laid." She snorts. "It wasn't perfect. I'll admit. I saw an opportunity, and took it. With Emma, it didn't work out. Fine. Madison? It worked. Sophia? It worked. You can't deny that."

Taylor stops. "Greg. Sophia-" She swallows her words. "-she-" She stops again.

"What?" I tilt my head.

"...nothing." She says quickly. "Just, be careful of picking a fight with her."

"I'm tougher than I look, believe it or not." I wave her off.

Taylor looks doubtful. "No, I-" She trails off again. "-maybe its nothing. Forget it." A longer pause, then a red blush creeping across her face. "And, yeah. I guess if I have to accept that it wasn't entirely Emma manipulating you, then you did kind of do something with the other two - rather than them joining in for some scheme. It's just hard to picture it. I mean, I can picture Madison bending over for you - but S-Sophia too?" She shakes her head. "I can hardly wrap my head around that. And, at the same time?"

"What can I say, I'm quite the catch." I puff up my chest. "Why, jealous?"

Taylor takes the rhetorical question a bit too seriously. "I guess I was."

"Ah." Now I feel bad. Knowing what I know now, I could definitely have gotten together with Taylor at a much earlier stage - it only makes sense that some of those feelings were noted on her side too. "W-well. Now that we've established that we're all on the same side-" I step closer. "-I could fix that jealous feeling right now?"

She blinks up at me wetly. Wait. Tears? "Not too long ago, I would have been so happy to hear that suggestion." She takes a steadying breath. "But, no. I can't. It's too late. I was serious when I said I had someone-" It's me! How am I cucking myself again? "-and I love him. I really do. So, no. Sorry. Not that I'd jump into bed with you as easily as those three. What kind of girl do you think I am? And wasn't I just saying how that trust we had is broken? We can't continue right from where we left off."

"Well, the offer will stay open." I state lamely. "But, that's not important. The important thing is: We're best friends again now, right?" I offer a hand for fist-bumping.

"No." Taylor stares at my fist. "But, maybe we can work on it together." She meets my hand with her own.

Stop reading so many drama books, Taylor. Just say yes like a normal person.

Bah. Close enough. I'll take it.

-

AN: Shorter chapter this time. Next chapter is a little under 42k words and can be found on either: SubscribeStar. Patreon. Both are identical for now, but Patreon's been... a handful lately, can't promise I won't have to censor that in the future - especially in the current climate.

Spoiler: Copy-pasting a comment I made on Patreon
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:cardboredpie, kurotsuki007, Toddball and 546 others
Tamzar
Jul 27, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Moderation
Extras
View content
6 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Raven Aelwood
[NSFW] LIMITLESS: A Greg Veder Fanfic
Raven Aelwood May 19, 2026 Words: 20k action adventure ai assisted gamer fic
Replies27
Views5K
Jun 5, 2026
Raven Aelwood
Raven Aelwood
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
ManOMars
[NSFW] Warriors of the Epoch (Worm x Power Rangers)
ManOMars Mar 5, 2026 Words: 69k 1 2 3 4 greg veder power rangers worm
Replies94
Views9K
Apr 20, 2026
P_J_Sch
P_J_Sch
jjcoolaid
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Do Not Resuscitate (Worm)
jjcoolaid May 22, 2026 Words: 13k 1 2 3 4 i actually read worm male protag return by death (kinda)
Replies116
Views21K
Aug 9, 2026
Puga
Puga
Darklord331
[NSFW] Broken Bonds
Darklord331 Nov 29, 2025 Words: 18k cyoa greg veder harem
Replies7
Views3K
Dec 18, 2025
Lastword855
Lastword855
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Duellist [Worm]
 Thread starterTamzar  Start dateOct 28, 2019  Tagsdeath greg veder harem harem building lots of death worm
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Level Thirty
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Sep 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,866
I wave as Taylor steps away to go and prepare for her next class, a complicated expression on her face - but not a hostile one. That was a victory. That was a crisis averted. A crisis that probably hadn't needed to happen if I'd approached Winslow differently... but a crisis all the same.

Now I just needed to find more time to talk with her, build that bond back up - and then ease her into the reveal of my actual identity and I'd have completely navigated The Taylor Problem without any major issues.

Apart from the Emma thing. My smile flickers at that thought, but Taylor isn't looking anymore - so I allow it to fall from my face entirely. Nevermind that. It wasn't worth thinking about.

As it turns out, trying not to think about it doesn't help. Not purely because of my own thoughts, but because Emma had no intention of just letting things go either. I catch a glimpse of her as I take a late lunch in the cafeteria. She doesn't make a move to approach, just eyeing my presence with an expression made of some strange blend of tears and rage, spite and grief, heartbreak and contempt. When it becomes clear I have no intention of approaching her, her expression darkens and she turns back to the group of friends surrounding her. Not the Trio, but some familiar faces all the same. A dozen girls and half-as-many boys that take turns shooting me with glares or frowns before returning their attention to the redhead as she speaks in a hushed tone.

I could imagine the kind of story she was weaving right now. Some of it might even be true. But this wasn't really a matter of gossip, this was Emma readying her weapon of choice against me. I suppose she was thinking that I could be bullied into compliance, that without the 'benefits' that came from being around her, I might come crawling back. She was probably thinking I would be little different to Taylor. An easy target to bully. Social isolation. A war of words against the raw numbers that her widespread social network could provide. A hostile environment that would back her up at every turn and stifle any resistance I made.

That was absolutely terrible news for me. Not because of Emma specifically - but because of what that meant. It meant that I couldn't rely on my power to keep people loyal to me. That maxing out challenges just wasn't enough for someone to place my interests over their own. In the grand scheme of things, Emma being unable to let go of her grudge against Taylor didn't mean much - but knowing that any heroes that I completed would probably side against me if everything was revealed... that was more of a blow. Knowing that the 'alliances' and 'friendships' I'd made couldn't be fully relied on is painful to think about. Objectively, it makes me no worse off than anyone else... but pretty much nobody else has to worry about the world signing off on a kill order on them if they don't balance public support and personal power well enough.

And it posed problems to future harem management. Which was also a key concern. Not the only one... but I had that on my mind too. I won't deny it.

A sample size of one wasn't everything, of course. The upside was that, at least initially, Emma's 'betrayal' had been framed as her doing something for my sake. Saving me from Taylor, bettering me as a person, keeping me untainted by her 'weakness' - even if that damaged our relationship. And I wasn't unconvinced that, if I did want to fix things at any cost - I could reconcile with Emma pretty easily by renouncing the whole Taylor thing. I wouldn't be doing that, so I could probably expect the spurned girl to continue attempting to try and cause issues for me.

I wasn't worried. Nothing at school posed a credible threat to me. This was like I'd come back to the starter zone at level thirty, and accidentally triggered a level three sidequest. If anyone tried bullying me, or causing issues with my schoolwork or even - and the idea was a little laughable - resorting to physical violence? I'd just clear a few of their challenges and have them sheepishly apologising for being rude before they'd gotten through their first sentence.

Which meant I could ignore Emma. Which was good. Because I didn't care. Maybe I did a short while ago. But no more. Maybe I had been flip-flopping over whether or not she was someone I would naturally leave behind as I moved to a bigger stage, or if she was someone I might take with me. That decision had been made for me. It doesn't matter anymore. I can find another hot, jealous redhead without even leaving Winslow. I'm fine. I am. The only thing I'm upset about is the pragmatic implications of today - it certainly wasn't that I'd gotten attached.

Definitely not.

If anything, it was just the unfamiliar feeling of 'losing' something in the real world - coupled with the annoyance at how easily I could have navigated around it with the benefit of hindsight. If it was anything like my everyday challenges, this whole issue would have been completely irrelevant already.

Emma's laugh carries across the room and the group unsubtly turns to look at me again. I grimace at nothing, tossing the remains of my sandwich towards the nearest trash can. Not hungry anymore. If anything, today had proven that anything in my civilian life was a waste of time - evidently, no amount of Mastering on the student body could erase the permanent stain of simply being Greg Veder. Trying to fix that was an exercise in futility. 'Greg' had exactly one purpose: To get on with his school and home life without generating a missing person report that would eventually end up with the PRT once the police realised what was likely happening. Anything more than the minimum was just wasted effort.

With that in mind, I skip my next class to find a quiet corner of the school to laze around in - instead shifting my focus to the ash clone halfway across the city. It was holding Squealer's Tinker power right now - struggling to slim down every aspect of the teleporter, even as the efficacy of the work plummets as her speciality falls away in relevance. Soon, I'd kill it - allow the long cooldown to recover before setting it up again, this time with Leet's power to manage the final steps.

It wasn't entirely optimal, but I didn't have the time to iterate through designs endlessly with my paste-box and I didn't have the resources and manufacturing capabilities to try and design a fully Leet-based product that could do everything I wanted. Squealer's power might be off her speciality by this point in the design, but doing it this way limited the areas that the project had problems in - namely, that it was too heavy and used too much energy. Both issues would be manageable if attached to a monster truck with appropriate levels of size and power, but for now I could engineer my way out of them by using better materials, stripping out unnecessary parts and covering the rest with Leet's power. That gave Leet's power just one or two things to make 'interesting' rather than twenty different components all with unique quirks that needed careful analysis to make them synergise together properly - or at least non-lethally.

Iterating on Squealer's Tinkertech, using that as the core, was letting me skip up the tech tree to get a more potent product early. It was proof that letting a Tinker do the weeks, months-long process of iterating, testing and building before yoinking the final product was the optimal way for me to Tinker. The 'next level' here wasn't trying to build up a Tinker base of my own, it was waiting for Leet to finally exit her Tinker fugue and answer her phone - or wait for Squealer to come to terms with the reality of her situation and reach out to me again. Or maybe, somehow, I could find a way to get my hands on Armsmaster's actual tech and slingshot my way into the Tinkering scene like that.

"There you are." I turn at the sound of the voice, raising an eyebrow at Sophia as she approaches.

"Looking for me?" I cross my arms over my chest. "Didn't know you cared."

"We share a class, you didn't show up. I was starting to worry I hit you too hard and you landed in the nurse's office." Sophia waves me off. I snort. "When I didn't find you there, I figured you were just too embarrassed after losing to me in our little scrap and felt you couldn't show your face in public anymore - and sure enough, here you are, crying at the shame of your defeat in the darkest corner of the school."

I know she's baiting me. I know she's just looking to get a rise out of me after an... awkward lunch break. I fall for it anyway. "I'm glad to see your imagination is as creative as ever. I seem to distinctly remember you sucker-punching me and still getting effortlessly handled within the span of a few seconds. Perhaps you hit your head too hard when I threw you to the ground, and now you have memory loss? You should check on that."

Sophia adopts a feigned look of confusion. "Funny, I seem to remember leaving you on the floor and ending the second fight myself while you were trying to recover."

"By cheating, yes." At least this part of the school gave me confidence that there weren't any eavesdroppers around. "Needing to risk outing yourself just so that you didn't look bad in a little brawl - I'd be embarrassed."

"Oh, you mean you aren't good enough with your powers to cheat without outing yourself?" Sophia smirks. "Sounds like that's a 'you' problem." I roll my eyes at her as she grins unrepentantly. "Besides, things worked out - Hebert's been working out somewhere, I'm pretty sure if I'd let things play out between them things would have ended up in the principal's office somehow - and who wants that? You should be thanking me for my intervention - and for telling Emma that a real predator wouldn't go running to get help just because a cornered rat fought back for the first time."

Admittedly, I had wondered why I hadn't needed to blast through Blackwell's remaining challenges before the end of the lunch break - I totally had Emma pegged for the 'I'm telling the Teacher' type, but Sophia appealing to her ego seems to have undercut that approach. "I appreciate that." Wouldn't have been necessary if I'd entertained the idea that there was a third option for Emma that wasn't 'step aside' or 'fall in line'. "Almost makes me want to forgive you for the sucker punch."

"You enjoyed that." I send her a look. "No, really - you looked in dire need of someone to hit. You'd flatten Emma, so why not present myself as an option? It's basically foreplay to us anyway, you get to look good in front of Taylor, I get to look good in front of Emma - everything is great, apart from your broken heart - but, I can't really do much about that."

"I don't have a broken heart." I pull a face at her. "Things were never that serious between us, I'm pretty sure I made it clear what our relationship was multiple times. I didn't expect it to end like that, but I'm not bothered by it either."

"So you say." I glare at her insincere tone.

"I'm not." I insist mulishly.

"Sure." She holds her hands up in the air in mock-surrender. "Wouldn't think any less of you if you were though. You two seemed to be getting along, kind of a shame it ended like this. A bit predictable in hindsight." She waves me off before I can speak. "Not going to defend her. I just mean, part of me expected it - I even tried to warn you - but I didn't know for sure. The thing with Taylor is a bit of a hot-button trauma topic for her. Or rather, she's got a hot-button trauma topic and uses Taylor as her focus for dealing with that. I know last time I said it wasn't really my story to tell, but clearly she isn't volunteering the information even if it kills her - if you want, I can just tell you-"

"No." I shake my head. "It doesn't matter anymore."

For a moment, it looks like she wants to argue - then she sighs. "I guess. I think she'll come around sooner or later, but her natural response to something not going her way is to try and stomp the obstacle into the dirt. That's probably my fault. I mean, it's a good attitude most of the time - just, not the best at resolving arguments between friends."

"Well, we're not friends." I reply shortly. "It doesn't matter if she comes around. It's done. If I can't trust her with something this minor, how can I trust her with this?" My hand flickers into shadow.

A sigh. "I get that. I'm not going to try and convince you otherwise. She's my friend, but some things are a bit too personal for me to do for her." Sophia crosses her arms. "I'm not- urgh. I don't know, I guess I just feel bad. I know she made her own choices, but Emma feels like my responsibility somehow - I was fine letting things be as they were, but now my friends are fighting because I didn't do something to head it off before."

"No point lingering over it." At least she feels a little bad about it too. She's wrong though - only assuming that there is blame to be shared because she doesn't know about me. As the one with the Master power, pretty much everything here comes back to me and my choices in the end. I should have extracted the full story from Emma weeks ago and gone from there. I'd have known that it was apparently a super-big-deal to her rather than just a hobby, the whole thing with Taylor would probably have been pretty easy to fix... I just hadn't been that interested. It was too low-level. Too civilian for me. I'd just hoped that the petty issues would even themselves out as I progressed Taylor - and now I was paying for that lack of interest.

Well. I had even less reason to care now. Eventually, once I'd ingratiated myself into the Wards and the Protectorate - I'd likely be transferring to Arcadia. Dragging Taylor with me would probably be easy enough - and Emma could just sit and rot in the results of her own bad decision-making.

And mine too, except those were less clear-cut. Of course, I could point to certain highlights. Avoiding the initial argument with Taylor by talking with her earlier, actually digging into the depths of the issue that those two had with each other - but, ultimately, it all paled in the simple fact that after beating Emma's final challenge when sleeping over at her house, she should have been completely loyal. Every assumption that I'd made about my power and eventual conquest of the Bay - and beyond - hinged on that fact.

And she'd turned on me over what was little more than a hobby. A trauma-fuelled one, maybe - but it wasn't even anything serious. How would it even compare to getting outed as a power-stealing Master intent on becoming an S-Class threat and subverting the entire world to his whims? If four relationship boosts couldn't guarantee a schoolgirl taking my side, how would having even fewer for Capes keep them at my side for anything serious?

I pause.

My gaze slides to Sophia.

Wait. That was a good question.

Maybe... maybe I was looking at this wrong. Instead of looking at Emma and seeing where my power had failed, I should look at Sophia to see where it hadn't. Sophia still had challenges left. I'd gained fewer relationship boost rewards with her. And she was still here. Practically walking around behind her best friend's back like her new blood feud was nothing but a passing phase from a sulking toddler that was best ignored by the adults in the room.

Not just that. She hadn't sold me out to the PRT for knowing her identity. Went along with our patrols. Dedicated her time to working with us for nothing in return. Had enthusiastically joined in on a blatantly illegal raid on the Merchants that had ended with Skidmark getting mutilated. Had continued to hang around me despite knowing that I was essentially copying her powers wholesale the longer she spent around me.

If I was taking Emma as representative of everyone - Sophia should have flipped on me a long time ago. She hadn't. Not even when I had less challenges cleared than I do now.

Which meant that something was different.

"Hey, Sophia." I begin. "Why are you here?" She adopts an offended expression and I rush to continue. "No, I mean - Emma's your best friend, right? You've known me for way less time. Maybe you didn't know in advance that it would be this dramatic, but you were already making plans to say you'd stick around with me even before the fight. You never went to the PRT to tell them I knew your identity, when that would clearly benefit you. It would have been pretty understandable to drop me at some stage, or go to the PRT just to ensure your own protection - why didn't you?"

"Are you stupid?" She sends me a harsh look. "We've been through too much together for me to ditch you just because you and Emma disagree about one girl. You get me. I get you. We're-" She shifts uncomfortably for a moment. "-partners. Honestly, I trust you more than the PRT." She shakes her head. "You said it earlier, right? Why end a relationship over something so minor?

"And then Emma proceeded to do exactly that." I counter.

She waves a hand into the air. "Sure, but you and me? We're obviously closer than you and Emma were." There's a sheepish expression on her face. "You and Emma were just fucking. There were feelings there, sure - but, from what I saw, I'd say that it wasn't as developed as what you and I have. You just ticked Emma's boxes in the mindset that she wants in a guy, and she got to fuck over Taylor in the process. And, I mean, I can't say it was too different for me at first - but, we've moved past that. We're more than that. If you took that away now, I'd still-" She cuts herself off.

"Still-?" I prompt, failing to keep a wry grin off of my face at the expression she was making. "Go on, I get the feeling you were about to say something sweet just now."

Sophia flips me off, a darker complexion than usual visible on her cheeks. "Fuck off. This is getting sappy and embarrassing. I'm not doing this bullshit. I'm just saying, we're partners. We don't get to walk away from each other because of stupid crap. It's that simple."

That simple?

Maybe it was.

"Yeah." I send her a genuine smile. "I guess it is. Thanks, Sophia - it's good having you around." She opens her mouth to say something snarky, and I take the opportunity to pull her close and press my lips to hers. The sound of outrage she lets out isn't accompanied by any real struggle.

We break apart a moment later. Sophia looks ready to argue, or complain, or rage about something on pure principle - but in the end, simply huffs and steps out of my reach. "At least you're not moping anymore, I guess. But I'm not playing therapist for you, I've got better things to do. Go fish for compliments somewhere else, I'm not here to massage your bruised ego - or to massage anything else, for that matter." She mock-glares at me before I can even open my mouth. I click it shut. "I didn't come over here for fun. Just wanted to say that I'm on console duty today and tomorrow - so I won't see you after school or for any patrols until that's out of the way."

"Pretty sure you could have said that in a message." I tilt my head at her. "You may as well be honest about why you're really here."

She rolls her eyes. "Fine, I also wanted to check that you weren't going to throw yourself off the roof or something after getting rejected. You looked pretty upset about how things went down, figured I could remind you that between your pretty-cool powers and having me around - your life is pretty fucking amazing even without Emma." I pull a face and make a dismissive gesture at her words. It was appreciated, but her estimation of me was way off. She smirks. "Plus, it sounds like even without Emma - you're going to have Hebert choking on your dick soon instead. I'd still call it a bad trade, but somehow I can see her getting into it."

I shrug. "She says she has a boyfriend."

Sophia bursts out laughing.

And keeps laughing.

She doubles over, her laugh turning into a hysterical wheeze.

I wait it out.

I keep waiting.

Eventually, she recovers. "That was a good joke for once-" She pats me on the shoulder as she turns away, shoulders still shaking with mirth. "-keep that up, and people will actually think that you're funny. Remember what I said. Things are great. I'm still here. We're still an awesome team. All of that stuff." She saunters away, seeming pleased with herself.

I wasn't joking, but... admittedly, the reality of the situation would have been even more comedic to her. "I'll remember." I agree. And I would.

Because even if Emma was gone, Sophia was still here.

And as much as I appreciated that fact on its own, there was another layer to it.

Even if Emma, with every single challenge complete, was gone - Sophia, with two challenges still to go, was still here. And Sophia was arguably doing a lot more for me than I'd ever asked of Emma. Her earlier explanation for my 'dumb' question springs to mind - that she was still here because we had a better bond. In a way, it was too simplistic - she didn't know about the Master element that was involved.

And in another way? It just worked.

Because that explanation? It made sense. Fundamentally, my issue came down to two parts - one, that my power couldn't - or wouldn't - do everything for me. Two, this was real life. I could do things, achieve things, that weren't explicitly given to me as a reward. Just like I could theoretically have found a girlfriend without ever clearing a challenge in my life, just like I could make a move on Taylor and Emma before completing their challenges - despite the game-like interface my powers had chosen, this wasn't a game. These were real people.

I'd already known that. I just hadn't extrapolated what that meant up to this point, partly because I'd simply never had cause for a maxed-out 'victim' to have their loyalty and obedience tested.

It did change things though. I'd been counting on the fact that discreetly, quietly completing someone's challenges would simply make them just as loyal as anyone else whenever I showed myself. But under that logic of assuming that all challenge rewards were equal, it was impossible to explain Emma's actions in the same context as Sophia making a - by her standards - half-hearted attempt at keeping appearances for her friend while inarguably keeping her in the dark over the fact that she'd very much chosen me over her. And was already considering me over the Wards too. Sophia, still missing a few of her challenges, Emma, fully completed. If the reverse had happened, it would make sense - but this way around? Something was different. The first possibility was that it was just different for Capes, but that didn't click right - I could only conclude that there was an element involving the quality of the relationship at play.

I couldn't deny Sophia's words. My thing with Emma had always been fairly shallow. Something born mostly from her looking to spite Taylor, which had grown into a power-fuelled addiction to me that I had eagerly exploited and fanned into love - of sorts, anyway. A sexual relationship where I was more of a... living example of what she wanted out of the 'perfect guy' rather than a desire for Greg Veder in particular. I could say the same for Sophia, but there was a lot more depth there - we'd seen the truth of each other's natures, challenged it, worked together and explored our relationship to a far greater extent.

It wasn't that abusing that starting line to launch the relationship was bad - nor did I even think it was a problem to just use the challenge rewards as-given if all I wanted was a burst of approval, to get laid or even just to get my foot in the door for a wider relationship. But at the same time, in Emma's case? I hadn't really tried to make it into anything more - perhaps partly because I kept mentally flip-flopping on whether Emma was a soon-to-be-discarded fling or someone worth keeping by my side even after the Taylor hatesex threesome.

And, damn - if that idea wasn't a lot less attractive now that I was the one feeling hateful. I'd get over it, probably. Attractive women had a way of making me forgive them, but I was empathising with Taylor more than usual right now.

Getting back from that tangent - I'd already known that giving my power more to work with made it less likely to attempt wild, sweeping changes to justify anything it did. A previously-existing relationship was better than one sprung from nothing. I just hadn't extended that logic to the fact that my power would only do so much, only go so far. That I needed to put effort into cultivating what was given - at least, if I wanted to put it through the metaphorical trial by fire by doing something that was against their nature.

There was a reason Sophia was still around, with us mutually bonding over violence, our outlook on the Bay, thoughts on the gangs, Skidmark, illegal vigilantism and the unspoken fact that I was blatantly farming powers off the heroes despite her position in the Wards. She was still here despite the messy breakup with Emma. Even before I'd progressed Sophia that far, she'd never looked to seriously throw me to the Protectorate for knowing her identity. Because I'd taken it slow. Taken my time. Enjoyed the journey.

The gamer part of me hated that. The one that looked at Brockton Bay like a spreadsheet and a living mission-tree. The part of me that looked at my issues - like with not seeing the heroes on patrol - and reasoned that one distraction with Mush's power, one quick detonation with a grenade would have an entire response force rushing out into my line of sight in an instant. The part of me that said I knew the Protectorate base like the back of my hand through the WRLD modifier, and that repeating a challenge or two to get clues towards some exact names and addresses before looking to catch a stray glimpse of the heroes going home from work or school would be trivial.

That part of me resented the fact that repeating a few tricks like that in subtle silence had been 'nerfed', that the end-result was weaker - shakier - compared to a Greg that had established common ground first, or during, the process of challenging them - a Greg that had taken the effort to grow that bond himself. A Greg that took the time to present himself to the world as a Hero, rather than as a threat-report notice from a panicking pre-cog or Thinker that glanced my way during their coffee break.

And part of me liked it. The part of me that looked at my interactions with Sophia, with Taylor - and now knew that it wasn't a waste. That my efforts and interactions wouldn't be overwritten and ignored the moment I cleared the next challenge. If a relationship worked on a scale of 1-100 - and a boost was worth, say, twenty points - putting in the time and effort to grow it by thirty on my own would mean something. They'd probably still fuck me if I cleared all of their challenges and nothing else - but trying to improve upwards from a point of '60' was probably harder than from '25'. Not impossible. Not even worth it, for a lot of my targets - it was a big world after all. But for the people I did care about, that I did interact with heavily - that I was trusting and expecting trust in turn... under this logic - and I felt the certainty in my bones this time - they would follow me into hell if I did it right. If I dedicated my time. Treated it like- well. Like a relationship, rather than an achievement.

Looking at it through that lens? I was feeling okay about things. Still livid about Emma. But, there was a learning experience there. And, for all that I was annoyed... at least it was 'just' Emma. I could find another hot, jealous redhead without even leaving Winslow. There was a reason I'd prioritised fixing things with Taylor over her feelings, and that was because - bluntly - I cared about Taylor and Sophia more. If I'd ruined things with one of them beyond my ability to repair? That would have been devastating, with long-lasting consequences. And while Taylor would still probably be mad at me if everything about my identity came out today... I don't think it would have the same catastrophic consequences to our relationship that it would have yesterday. Maybe she'd need some time away to think about things, but I wouldn't expect her to just run off to become a crazed supervillain at the revelation anymore.

Which wasn't an entirely unfounded worry, given what some of her challenges involved.

I debate skipping the rest of my classes for the day as well, not wanting to skip too many times in a row, but not really burning with any desire to attend either. I doubted much would come of a few one-off skips like this. I'd already made it a habit to challenge every teacher, every staff member, every bus driver - I had never been bored enough to do it for the entire student body, but I figured that clearing two challenges from everyone in a position of authority - or anyone that might feel obliged to report anything suspicious - would give me some leeway for anything I did here. The benefit of the doubt, whether it was reluctance to get me in trouble as a civilian - or whether it was to look at me with suspicion that I was a Cape doing something suspicious at the school. As long as it wasn't long-term enough to flag on a system, missing out on class here and there was just a solid perk from covering my bases.

I smile at the gossiping students. Speaking of challenging the student body, here they come again. A stream of challenge boxes flows through the corridor. Four challenges, sometimes five, sometimes three - that seemed to be the general rule for a civilian. I tended to assume four, and that let me use the 'current challenge' as something to categorise them without bothering to remember names. Ones to Fours, the people who liked me the least, and the ones who were already mine.

Mine, but to no greater an extent than Emma had been.

I ignore that sour thought. Things are great. I settle in to watch people go past, occasionally nodding in greeting at those who glance my way.

Fours meet my eyes and wave, or blush and duck away with a giggle to their friends. Threes and twos send me smiles, or nod in passing if they catch sight of me leaning against the wall. Sometimes, I just get silence in response - not irritation, not friendliness. Just an impassive acknowledgement. Ones ignore me. Those I had never challenged, or perhaps had challenged - but it had been so early in my career that I hadn't beaten them. Maybe half of the students were still 'ones'. It wasn't a lack of ability on my part, but a lack of patience and concern over what it might look like to be the only guy in a newly-all-girls school - nevermind the occasional reminder from my power that too many different challenges in a day would cause it to hit the brakes on my body.

The ones and the twos were different today. The cause? Probably Emma. The gossip that was a little too loud to be normal, the co-ordinated movement of a group 'stumbling' across me - all with a comment about my looks, my history as a drug abuser or a violent thug, my gang allegiances, my relationship with Taylor, the fact that I'd been dumped by Emma-

My elegant rebuttal to that last one comes in the form of a whisper, followed by my bloodstained fists smashing into their skulls. There was no need to preserve my hands or hold back my strikes, just to see what would win in the battle between their bones, their desire to live and my broken, but functional hands. When that question is resolved, I turn to chairs. Tables. The wall. Then the long fall to the ground. Knives. Vehicles. Experimenting with how far my version of Skidmark's power could propel someone if they were 'willing' to sit still for me.

I run out of would-be bullies before I run out of ideas. Success, success, success. As expected, it would take a special challenge for me to lose to a single civilian at this point. Knowing that the only thing that can instantly cost me challenges at this level are guns really changes things. There's one thing to watch out for, and everything else can be handled on reaction. There's no reason to lose.

Success. Success. Success. I didn't usually aim to max out civilians in challenges like this, the fear of getting caught from changes that were too large or unintuitive had stifled that idea - and the lack of reason to bother had stopped me from doing it slowly over time. But nonchalantly wiping out what Emma might have called her inner circle of friends - outside of the rest of the Trio - brought the smile back to my face. I wasn't really feeling in the mood to exploit the girls now, no matter how attractive - they were just like her. And while the knowledge that they could turn on me if I pushed things too far didn't exactly kill my sex drive, it didn't help either. I wasn't in the mood right now.

But I could at least take solace in the fact that now they were as useless to Emma as they were to me. I can already imagine her mounting frustration as her friends express a lack of interest in bullying the 'cute' boy she was asking them to target. The friends that would usually egg her on, instead telling her that she was overreacting - and the rest of the Trio wouldn't be any improvement either. It wouldn't be the end of it. Emma had already been the Queen Bee of the school before I ever got involved. She had influence and a wider personal social network than I had even in digital form. She'd find others to work with. New friends to point in my direction. New favours to call in. New methods to get back at me and have me crawling back to her protection.

But there were only so many 'ones' in the school that would be willing to come after me for no reason. I'd just deal with them as I see them. Maybe a more concentrated effort could turn the tables on her entirely, inflict the same emotional and social isolation on her that Taylor had been subjected to, that she'd obviously ordered me to be subjected to. It would be deliciously ironic, but wasting my time on her would indicate that I cared more than I actually did. I'll just let reality sort itself out. Eventually, she'll run out of pawns - and the people around her would be indifferent at best, hostile at worst, to the idea of opposing me.

Still, it was a lot. Part of me wonders if the size of her influence over the school was always like this, or if it was an unintended consequence of what I'd done. The airbrushing and boosts that my power did were still reality, at the end of the day - Emma and Madison were already the Queen Bees of the school before I got involved. After hanging around me so much as I swayed the opinions of everyone who breathed in my direction wrong, plus boosting their already-good looks up to the point where they'd need to be stupid to not weaponise their looks in a future career... it wouldn't be surprising to me if the reason so much of the school was falling over themselves for a whisper of her favour was ultimately my fault.

Not that I was regretting it, it was just an interesting idle thought. There was no real consequence here to kick myself over. Not at the level I was at now. Not when I had something important to focus on. Namely, the fact that, in about twenty-six hours, I would be standing in the crowd at yet another PR event for the heroes. The first had been... productive, but I just hadn't had the toolset to exploit it like I really wanted. I'd walked away with a handful of useful powers, but if I'd had just one or two more gamechangers at the time - the haul would have been on a completely different level.

This time, things would be different. It was hard to know exactly how many heroes would be attending, I doubted I would see the full roster given the tension in the city right now - but at least a few figures from the Protectorate would be guaranteed, based on every previous Ward reveal. A few of the Wards themselves would likely be attending - not least of which was the cause of the whole thing: Browbeat.

Of course, Sophia had mentioned the name before a few times prior to the official announcement and PHO had heard the name being thrown around long before any official announcement - but that wasn't why I was interested. I recognised him from Taylor's bank-robbing challenge. He'd been... fairly unimpressive at the time, but a lot of that could just be down to the scenario being rigged to have the Wards die if I didn't intervene. I'd never tried to seriously inspect his actual powerset at the time, just treated him like a generic Brute - and that seemed to work. Which was good. That was what I needed! An actual Brute powerset was right up there near the top of my wishlist, right next to flight. Blaster powers would have been up there too, but they'd been knocked down a tier just because I at least had one ranged option now. Still something I wanted, obviously.

But I couldn't just... show up. Expecting to beat a presumed-Brute in an unknown challenge like it was natural. Was it possible to win that? Sure. In fact, I would guess that overall - the Wards first challenges were generally easier than the more experienced Capes. Just thinking of that first Gallant challenge... it was really just gift-wrapped to me, if only he wasn't wearing his power-armour at the time. He wasn't even looking in my direction when the challenge started, any anti-Brute power would have been an instantaneous win and an extra power in my arsenal.

Well, it does show how different things could have been - there's more than one path that I could have taken with my power, even if I'd never run into Sophia and Taylor as my first Capes.

Enough. Focus. The point of this train of thought was that I needed to run through plans for anyone who might show up.

Vista? Doable. Assuming she repeats the same move as before, I just need to cross the distance quickly - and splitting her focus and attention with my ash clone would be a good idea as well. I've got more mobility options than last time we met, and I know the exact move that she's going to try. It's already a fact that Vista is Manton-limited, so simply closing in on her will interfere with the very method she's using to keep me away. I just need to be fast, quick off the mark - she only needs the slightest moment to make the situation impossible, but the twin 'surprises' of hurling myself through the first wall she tries to contain me in with the shadow state and the ability for me to oh-so-briefly overwrite her stretched-space with my own pinched-space should be enough.

Clockblocker? The pseudo-race through the city? I need more repetitions to see if there's a trick further down the line, or if he's dangerous in-person at all - but I didn't have my speed-state back then. My speed-state is comfortably faster than a typical car if the latter is forced to weave through obstacles like that. I should be able to catch him easily enough, what I actually do at that point... well. That's something I'll have to think about. So long as he has the DOOM modifier - that win condition granting him victory if he reaches the end of the road - I literally cannot let him touch me while he's still able to move under his own power. My obvious supremacy in any possible confrontation would be irrelevant because he would just tag me and run before I even knew what happened.

Gallant? Already dead. His power armour was good, but he's literally never upgraded it since his debut. I'd seen too many videos of him getting his ass kicked - no special Tinker effects, no inertia dampeners, no forcefields - nothing to protect him from my balls. My doll-balls. Ball-dolls. I'm not calling them that. It's Parian's doll power, in a ball shape - there's got to be a cool name I can use for it when someone asks.

Magic Football. Cloth Missile. Fabric Rocket. Ball of Doom. I don't know. Strange, I don't usually struggle with amazing names - but for some reason, they all sound a little bit cringe for once.

Whatever. I'm going to turn Gallant's helmet into a soup container by slamming a telekinetically-accelerated, forcefield-coated mass into the back of his head at great speed. That's what's going to happen. As for the challenges after that... I'm not sure. It's easy to know that I'm likely to be in a more head-to-head conflict - but, honestly, I don't even know how to prepare. He's a shit Tinker. Sometimes shoots baby blasts at people that can make you sad. How do you prepare for that? I don't know. Distract, surround by comboing with my ash clone, lock him down with Clockblocked strings and then tear him to pieces. I don't need a new power for that, the losses are more likely to come from the nature of the scenario than anything he can do. He's essentially a worse version of Triumph.

Speaking of which. Triumph. I don't have a great plan here. His Brute rating wasn't widely discussed, but it existed - and any Brute rating sucked for me in a challenge like that - where the fight immediately happens with no prep time. But even if I had that, even if I could make the Mechablade - it was his ranged power that was the problem. Too strong. Too long-ranged. Too low-cooldown. Any win would have to be capitalising on a mistake, letting him get in close and then immediately claiming victory before he could kill me. One hit, one kill. If I could give my clone some cloth, Parian's power and enough time to work with... no. Too cumbersome. Too obvious. And the sheer impact of the shockwaves he released... it's more likely than not that my ash clone can't even survive being in the same room as that attack - even if it isn't the direct target. One of the downsides of being at 1hp all the time. In short, I wasn't beating him as I was now.

What power would help? Kaiser? Hookwolf? The Blaster powers of New Wave were a bit too weak for a Brute at the level I was likely to get them, and flight wouldn't protect me from his range. Miss Militia, but I'd already been burned once hoping for a weapon out of her power. Clockblocker's power, if it lost the Manton effect - or even just the restriction on worn items. Assault? I have no idea how the shockwaves would interact with his power, but being realistic - I would need the full-fledged power for this, not the simple version I'd likely get to start with. Brandish? I nod to myself. Brandish. Lightsaber to the face would do the trick. I'd have to get that aspect of the power, but at a guess - my power was way less likely to screw me over a melee weapon than a ranged one.

Armsmaster... well. I had an idea for that one. I doubted any conventional new power would help with the modifiers of the challenge giving him intel on whatever new power I earned and the prep-time to account for it. I had my one trick planned, and we'd see where that went - otherwise, back to the drawing board.

Miss Militia? Repetition. Scouting and a good route was arguably more important than any easy-to-find powers.

Velocity - annoyingly, I hadn't challenged his current challenge to see what I was up against apart from the modifiers. We'd only met briefly at Canberra - that had been around the time that I'd found that there was somewhat of a Thinker-headache-equivalent to spreading my power around different targets too much in a short time and attempting the second challenge hadn't been a priority with no promise of a power boost on the line.

And, critically, I didn't think I could win. A painful admission, because I really didn't like Velocity - as a Cape, not a person. The worst power in the Bay, save for maybe some of the Case-53s you hear rumours about. It was a sad, sad moment when I had become a better Cape than Velocity from the instant I'd gained the weak, half-hearted echo of his power - simply because I could actually do other things than flail ineffectually at villains, while also getting the ability to run away very fast.

Unfortunately, running away very fast was good in a challenge. I had no way of catching him unless he made a mistake, and eventually, the anti-stalling measures of my power would ensure that he could turn my body into a smoothie by just running at me if he survived long enough. Even if he didn't do that, he could just stay forever at the edge of my attack range and throw grenades at me hoping to get lucky - taze me from behind, pepper spray in the eyes, anything was possible when the requirement wasn't for him to win, but for him to not lose. He might not be able to beat me straight-up, but I couldn't kill him either - and my power wouldn't tolerate an extended draw for long if I wasn't making progress.

I wasn't even sure what it would take for me to claim the win. Completely blindsiding him with a lethal attack from my ash clone was about it, and even then, how perfect would the situation have to be for that to work out in just a few attempts? No, that one was probably too difficult right now - even the first level was a minor miracle from my power, giving a modifier that benefitted me more than him in the form of CAGE. But now, balance concerns had slipped in from the metaphorical referee that was my power. For good reason, if the next level of the power eliminated the 3-second paralysis on either side of the speed-state, I'd be unstoppable. Again, because I had other powers. And he didn't. Sucks to suck.

I hope Dauntless shows up. I want to see what that looks like through the lens of my power, useless or game-changing - each as likely as the other, but as one of the few powers that gets explicitly stronger over time, it would be nice to get it rolling before I was ruling the Bay. The actual 'how' on how to beat him? Beg on my knees for my power to give me a freebie where he didn't have any equipment to hand. That was it. He was too much of a complete package for me to handle in a real fight right now.

I'm just getting into wishful thinking territory here. The point of this train of thought wasn't about what would be nice to get. There was a practical side of it - things that I could get in preparation.

I needed to make the most out of tomorrow's event. A rare opportunity to meet with the heroes outside of a crisis, without my Cape identity being tracked and monitored - and without my civilian identity looking suspicious. There was nothing suspicious about Greg Veder going to sit in the crowd at an event centred around the reveal of a Ward - I've done it before, prior to gaining any powers, so I wasn't too concerned about attracting too much attention this time.

Still a little worried. In a healthily paranoid kind of way. Using my civilian identity as a point of 'attack' on the heroes - this was exactly the kind of thing that could cause problems for me with the PRT if it came out. But, I'd done something similar before at the Meet and Greet event - and nothing happening after that was proof that a sufficient smokescreen for my intentions was enough to keep me somewhat safe. Greg Veder stumbling across consecutive, supposedly-secret patrols? Appearing halfway across a city to hang around Arcadia, a school that has nothing to do with him? Suspicious. Attending two events around a topic he's always been interested in? Not so much. This was going to be the best moment to slingshot myself ahead of the curve without revealing my hand.

But it wouldn't be enough to just scout challenges out and follow up later. Even if I found a winning strategy that I couldn't execute during the event, I didn't have an easy way to just walk over to Arcadia nonchalantly and finish someone off. Even as a Cape, I didn't exactly have a Stranger power. I might have a mask on, but I wasn't subtle - PHO was already full of sightings of me zipping around in my speed-state, running across rooftops wasn't much better. I, of all people, wasn't going to underestimate what a bored PHO-poster could achieve with a map, time, effort and enough Cape sightings and police reports to work with.

No, I couldn't treat this like the passive exposure I had on Sophia and Taylor - a few persistent challenges to hone myself against without any great need to win immediately. This time, I needed to win outright. And that meant maximising the powers I had now, and the ones that I could easily go and grab. Of all of my possible destinations... the Dallon household was at the top of the list. The Pelhams might have been better for my needs, but it was too isolated - there was no hiding spot or neighbouring window to peer in on their house entrances without looking suspicious.

It wouldn't be my first time staking out the location, but after my initial success - I'd found it a relatively underwhelming 'trick' so far. An inconsistent schedule, the possibility of the family arriving via a separate entrance or even just flight, the fall of darkness highlighting the fact that I needed a certain level of visibility to 'highlight' my target with my power even if I knew they were there, the fact that they genuinely didn't leave or enter the house that much - and the comparatively minor issue that the neighbour's house I was spying on them from was... someone else's house. I didn't want to make it obvious that I was spying on the Dallons specifically instead of just staring dramatically out of the window while the civilian recovered from the puddle I'd fucked her into. And now I knew, even finishing that last challenge or two wouldn't assure her loyalty if my true intentions were revealed. Help, yes - guarantee, no.

Then there was the small issue of timing. Combining the usual time I left school with travel time, coupled with the necessity of 'Greg' heading in that direction rather than Void Cowboy - I tended to miss them arriving home after school or work. I had to return again before long just to keep up appearances at home too, Clara and Alice were pretty blase about my newfound 'enthusiasm' for the Brockton Bay nightlife but I couldn't stretch their wilful ignorance too far before breaking it.

At least all of that wouldn't be a problem if I left as early as this. Skipping classes constantly might be mildly problematic eventually, but a few one-off occurrences wouldn't be noteworthy at all. I scurry out of the school towards the bus bay. Couldn't exactly go running to the Dallon household in my speed state without raising a few eyebrows.

The day I get a Stranger or teleportation power that means I don't have to worry about 'Greg' and his ability to travel around the city, I'll be a happy guy indeed.



Fifty-two minutes. That's how long it takes to catch the bus, ride it across the city, walk the remaining distance to my destination and arrive at my destination.

Plus three minutes of waiting outside the door of Katarina's door, pressing the doorbell periodically.

Not home?

Somehow, I'm not annoyed about that despite the inconvenience. Maybe I'm just not in the mood for redhead civilians that I've realised I can't really trust right now. Maybe this was actually preferable. When she was around, yes - we got to fuck, but I also had to work around the fact that I was in her house - usually being watched by her, even if there wasn't a hint of suspicion there. I could only lurk around the window so much before she might start to think that I wasn't just trying to look cool and composed, but that I might actually be looking at something. Such as the driveway of her superhero neighbours.

If I reeled back on my indignation and fury about the whole Emma thing, I could at least acknowledge that for her, the entire Taylor situation was on the same level as vigilantism was for Sophia. I'd already known that I wasn't likely to completely flip morals like that in my challenges, I didn't expect people to be willing to murder for fun just because I said so. I'd just underestimated what Emma's priorities were. But that underestimation was easy to make. I wasn't a mindreader. What did Katarina think of her neighbours, of the law, of vigilantes, of schoolboys playing truant? Somewhere, there was an invisible line where - regardless of the number of challenges - she would ignore my personal wishes and talk to someone. Perhaps even with the best of intentions towards me.

And if I spent enough time, sure, I could probably fix that - build up that depth in our relationship to something I could count on. But I wasn't going to. I might have been conflicted about Emma and her place in my life, but I wasn't conflicted about Katarina. She was a tool. That didn't mean I needed to be cruel to her or anything, but one day - I would disappear from her life and never return, and not think anything of it. And, hopefully, she wouldn't think anything of me either other than some fond memories. And the purpose of that tool was just to give me line-of-sight into people walking through the front door of their next-door-neighbours house.

Which I could do perfectly fine without her. Entering via the shadow state in broad daylight might be a bit too brave, but the door was out-of-the-way enough that I wasn't too concerned about nosy neighbours wondering what I was up to. A shape forms on the opposite side of the door as my ash clone stirs to life, freshly back from its long cooldown after working for the first half of the school day. I puppet it directly for a moment. Keys on the coatrack. A few seconds later, I let myself in - letting my ash clone close and lock the door behind me. The house is dark, obviously - and I'd be wise to leave it that way. I dismiss the ash clone, vaulting the stairs with my movement powers and heading up to the master bedroom - checking each room as I go. Nothing and nobody home. Excellent.

Maybe it's overcautious for a civilian household, but assuming that the lights being off means that nobody is there is a lethal mistake. One that you only make a dozen or so times before the lesson sinks in.

With no audience watching me, I'm free to lurk at the window without worrying about what anyone else thinks. No distractions. No need to turn around and talk, or keep up appearances. A perfect stakeout.

A perfect stakeout that soon gets rewarded. I almost miss it, laser-focused as I am on the road. A faint shadow crossing the street, followed by Glory Girl descending to street-level right outside the front door of the house - carrying a relaxed Panacea tightly in her arms.

Good enough. I focus on Panacea first. "Challenge."

I've crossed paths a few times with Panacea on hospital visits before. It had been a good way to meet up and interact with her, simply visiting and poking people with healing powers until the PRT 'asked' her to verify that I wasn't doing anything crazy. But eventually, they'd stopped directing her towards me in response - or perhaps she'd grown tired of responding - and my hospital visits just became an occasional routine where unimpressed doctors would come and glare at me sans Cape support. But in that time? I'd established a rapport with the girl. As much as I could, anyway. To the extent that, even with my newly-reinforced caution towards going too fast through challenges - I was pretty confident that I'd developed my relationship with Amy enough that completing her next two challenges - for the power reward and relationship boost - would put me on the same kind of 'healthy' trajectory as Taylor and Sophia.

Two challenges in one night might sound ambitious, but I've had some time to kill on this third challenge of hers. A fair few attempts working out the limits of the challenge - and I've got a lot more information now than I had going in.

The challenge was deceptive. A GANG modifier, Panacea running through a hospital healing a bunch of Capes that then tried to kill me? It made sense that it was a race to kill her before I was overwhelmed, right? Yes, but also no. Maybe it could be a race if I had a ranged one-shot technique, but I wasn't landing my super-football on a moving target from this range. No, the challenge was actually about harassment. Not about stopping her from getting to the patients to 'activate' them, but about preventing her from healing them. Same thing, right? No.

The fact is, everyone in the hospital is already activated. If I simply rush at Amy right away, another one will leap up from the bed 'just in time' and kill me in short order. That happens if I take ten seconds or if I take twenty. Same thing. After a certain amount of time, Amy will move on - the target will start fighting as normal and that's that. But that isn't a quirk of my simulation, she's actually healing them. That's the trick - every single person in the hospital is injured, lethally so. If I rush Amy at the start, Glory Girl will jump out of bed to block me - yes. But without any attacks from me, she'll also just keel over and die about sixty seconds later, assuming Amy didn't get a chance to start work on her. The other people present in the building are little better. 'Preserved' while waiting on the beds to be healed, but doing the equivalent of ripping out the life support and spending their dying breaths to save the healer any time I got close.

In that sense, it was a puzzle. As the target of the challenge, Amy - and everyone else - would prioritise her own safety when threatened. She'd flee from any conflict I offered, essentially leaving her patient to eventually die unaided. I didn't need to stop her, I needed to harass her. Force her to move on from each and every near-death patient before she could patch them up completely, and every time I got close or forced her to move on - I'd have an increasingly-large number of pissed-off Capes following in my footsteps to protect her. Capes that would die quite quickly, but even a single minute was a long time when it came to trying to fend off Brandish in an enclosed space.

But that was still progress. And despite how difficult it was for a third-level challenge... it actually felt pretty fair. There were a lot of ways to approach it, a lot of ways that any number of new powers could be used to break it open - and a lot of ways to optimise my route. I could leave her healing people that I didn't care as much about for longer if it meant being able to lead away, or even manually 'activate' more problematic Capes. I'd gotten pretty good at this. I'd even dare to call it fun.

First of all. The first room. A dead sprint towards the figure across the corridor, coupled with using Vista's power to shrink space, has to be the opening move. The speed-state paralysis takes too long here. Glory Girl lunges at me before I get too close to Amy, who's already stepping away to the next patient from the moment the former started moving. Glory Girl dies in thirty seconds. My ash clone stirs to life ahead of me, behind Glory Girl - close to Amy. A brilliant blade pierces through it before Amy can even start on her second patient. Immediately, the healer scurries to the third as Brandish turns to me. Brandish, dead in just over twenty seconds. Two of the more problematic ones.

I duck. I dodge. I dip. I phase down through the floor just to buy a few seconds away from the human blender, Glory Girl slams a hole through it a moment later - the Dallon matriarch following behind her in ball-form. I run backwards into the next room, slow enough that they feel confident in following rather than staying close to Amy. I bound off a nearby desk and shift through the ceiling to the next floor, ignoring the warning scream of my shadow-state as I brush the edge of an electricity cable. I dash back into the room I left Amy in, Glory Girl pursuing me once again - while the hum of Brandish and her blades cuts out with a distant choked gasp barely audible over the noise of Glory Girl tearing a larger hole in the floor.

As expected, Amy moves on as I approach. I create an ash clone, reach out and pass across the speed state power and send it to follow her out of the room, orders given in advance this time. I turn my attention to Gallant. One of the ones I was happy to let Amy heal up, because he was pretty easy for me to just kill again. Why? He wasn't in costume. I tackle him before he even clears the hospital bed, burning through the shadow state and my Echo power to just repeatedly pummel him in melee - ignoring Glory Girl as she falls to the floor behind me. A lot of iterating had gone into this route, striking the perfect balance between the 'timers' of both Brandish and Glory Girl - while also not allowing Panacea to entirely finish on Gallant and therefore 'wake him up' to start blasting before I had reached him. As long as the timing is right, the deaths and the fighting responses all happen the same way at the same time.

I know what Gallant is going to do before he does. He doesn't have most of his usual armour on, just the gauntlets and legs. Sophia is better at this anyway. I've got a more advantageous position. I have melee-focused powers acting as a cheat-code. His hand movements telegraph his blasts and aren't suited to close-quarters combat.

I don't even feel an ounce of satisfaction or any sense of thrill as his eyes roll up into the back of his head. This was the bare minimum result I should expect when looking at the facts.

I chase after Panacea. Or rather, my ash clone. Another lesson that had cost me some attempts: Actually landing a hit on Panacea is the 'enrage' equivalent. Every patient jumps up from their bed and starts trying to kill me. That was useful in its own way, survive for maybe twenty seconds after that point and everyone aside from the target is dead. Except, that twenty seconds is more than enough. The Blasters of New Wave are all elsewhere in the building, and critically - Clockblocker is in the next room. He needs to die first, or he'll freeze Panacea and give everyone the pass to ignore collateral damage and wipe out me along with the entire rest of the building - people with more destructive powers that would have been pretty useless if I was close to Panacea suddenly would rank among my biggest threats.

Which meant I needed to clear out this second room. This one would be less practiced than the first, but I knew the opening move: The Ash Clone zips past Panacea, careful to not actually attack her - reaches the next room... and starts making threatening gestures as she approaches. Sure enough, Panacea gives up on the second room of patients - scurrying to the third instead.

The occupants of the second room all jump up to attack my ash clone. Vista, Clockblocker, Shielder and Manpower - activated patients that haven't been touched at all will reliably die within twenty seconds. They spend five chasing my ash clone before I feel my ash clone vanish. I've sprinted after Panacea far enough that they won't catch me in the next fifteen, even with Vista trying to speed things up.

Now. Uncharted territory, except I know the plan. I know who is coming the moment I lay hands on Panacea, I just haven't reached that point cleanly before. Haven't found quite the right approach. I pull level with her, comfortably faster than her even without any assistance from my powers. She tries to weave away from me without truly changing course, but there isn't anywhere else for her to run to. Five rooms total, all three of the remaining ones are in a straight line ahead of us. The next room is full of dangerous Capes, but in some ways - too dangerous. Without Clockblocker and Shielder, there isn't much that they can even do in the limited time they have without killing Panacea as well.

I sway away as she attempts to catch my hand with her own. None of that. I still don't strike her. I just wait for more of my powers to become available. The last area of pinched space from Vista to unravel, the cooldown of my recently-killed ash clone to finish, the final charge of my shadow state - minor advantages that could be the difference between life and death when the lasers start flying. Finally, my ash clone surges to life in front of us - blocking off the door ahead. I brush my hand against it to assign it as an administrator and hand off a new powerset. Parian's power vanishes and I feel a faint tug on my shirt. I don't have time to watch the clone work - I tap into Panacea's own power and slam my foot into her midsection as she tries to sidestep around me. Not the best power selection for a straight-up fight, but without this or Glory Girl's shield as my active powerset, I can be knocked out with a single touch. And I'm pretty sure that if anyone knows the weakness to that forcefield, it's going to be Panacea.

But at the same time, I'm not exactly worried about my powers being restricted in a fight against Panacea. She's not a combatant. Not trained for this kind of situation. One hit in and she already looks ready to curl up in the corner in a defensive position. An easy, easy win - all I had to do was take a step forward, and finish the job.

I take a step back instead. Reaching out to the doorway and grazing my hand against the spiderweb of fabric my ash clone has woven across the closed doorway. I clockblock it. Not a moment too soon. The doorway slams into the fabric and stops cold. Everyone is up now. Not just the room beyond, but the rooms way beyond that. The only fortunate thing was that by sheer travel time, obstacles and the existence of elevators - none of the other rooms were likely to feature in this battle, they'd all largely die before they could make a difference.

Eighteen seconds. My ash clone and I turn on Panacea. She backs away, then resists. We break an overextended arm together. Fifteen seconds. I deliver a half-dozen consecutive punches as she tries to shield her face. Twelve seconds. The door practically disintegrates behind me as I cast a wary glance backwards - the clockblocked fabric was still holding firm as the furious Capes push for a way through. One hand snakes through an opening in the web to point at me, and I swiftly circle around behind Panacea in response to deter the attack. A halberd starts to carve through the side of the wall, creating a second doorway to reach through.

Five seconds. I back away from Panacea as the attackers rush through - smaller blasts of power easily dispersing my ash clone. I still have all three charges of my shadow state, so I can just stall for time until the majority of them drop dead.

Three. Two.

A heavy *throom* sound is all the warning I get before an armoured chestplate fills my vision - a half-dozen other Capes scattered to the side in the wake of the new arrival surging past them. I reach for the shadow state and then barely stop myself from locking it in, raising Glory Girl's shield instead as Dauntless thrusts his arclance towards me - a dull boom echoing in my ears as every other sound vanishes, replaced with every nerve in my body screaming in agony as I realise that while the initial blow might have been neutralised - the raw force of the attack had still knocked be back, the impact of hitting the wall behind me just separated enough for my version of Glory Girl's power to fade.

I spit blood. Zero. It's not a precise count. Indeed, many of the figures had started collapsing already - or simply hadn't been able to rise when Dauntless had burst past them and knocked them to the ground. Some take a few extra steps forward over the bodies of their comrades, only to fall themselves. Twenty two, twenty three seconds - if any of the blasters had been in that group of late-survivors, let alone Dauntless, I'd have lost again.

But that isn't the case. No further attack comes. I try to rise from the shattered wall I'm half-embedded in. No good. But I'm not dead.

Yet. That thought sharpens the mind. I wasn't a Brute, and even if my pain tolerance was pretty absurd these days - I couldn't rely on the shadow state saving me from the level of internal bleeding I probably had. Speaking of which, I activate it three times. Every little helps.

Still no attack. Amy has risen from her corner, clutching her arm and advancing towards me - doubtless looking to finish me off personally now that there were no patients left.

Before she's halfway to me, my ash clone returns from its cooldown. I'm not sure that it would even lose to Panacea in a straight fight, even as a glass cannon - but it doesn't have to. The shattered rubble I'm sitting in is exactly the kind of loose material that couldn't be found in the sterile, artificial rooms elsewhere in the hospital. The exact kind of material that Mush's power loves to work with. My knight forms next to me, the tentacle coating itself with shattered stone where the arclance had left its mark on the corridor. As it grows in size and mass, it could even have started incorporating the previously-unusable stray objects found in the previous rooms... but that isn't needed here. The current knight isn't much of a brute. But it still is one. And, critically, it isn't organic.

Panacea doesn't stand a chance.

SUCCESS

Reward: Biological Manipulation (2)​

Nice. Already worthwhile coming this way. I try to shake my vision, looking to get eyes back on the pair before they finish unlocking the front door - the brief period of being unable to see while reality continues is a real annoyance here, it's something I've gotten used to for continuing conversations and maintaining a walking pace, but that was just keeping a movement going. I couldn't clear up the remnants of the simulation fogging up my eyes faster with any amount of practice, it just happened at its own pace.

I momentarily hesitate as my vision clears and they both start to step through the doorway. One more freebie. Glory Girl or Panacea? Neither of them was a power upgrade if the pattern of alternating rewards held true. I wanted flight and the Brute power more, but Glory Girl had a variety of aspects to her power that I could get a 'dud' upgrade from. If I could only win one... then I should ignore any considerations about power and look at the actual in-real-life effect I would get.

I'd never met, or interacted, with Glory Girl. I had no way of reliably doing it. Any boost that my power gave me would likely just improve her first impression of me whenever we did meet. I doubt I'll be able to leverage any advantage out of that anytime soon. On the other hand, I've met Amy a fair amount - I can catch her doing hospital visits if I time things well enough or catch the news of her doing the rounds on PHO quick enough. This would also be the second boost, and I felt pretty comfortable saying that I'd interacted enough with Amy that I wasn't rushing if I won here - this wasn't an Emma version 2.0. I'd probably be able to nudge the antisocial healer into some form of intimacy with four of her challenges down, and that would give me a potential reason to deliberately meet up with Amy in the future. Which, in turn, might let me interact with Glory Girl when she comes to taxi her around.

Of course, that was all assuming that I could actually win. Amy's last challenge had stalled me for a while. This next one was probably harder than Glory Girl's current challenge, even if I couldn't think of an exact counter to the Brute opting to stay at range throwing cars at me right now - there was just a general expectation that later challenges were harder when comparing between peers.

Amy Dallon

Candidate 4/7

(LUST) (REAL)​

Not a common set of modifiers. In fact, I'd have called them completely contradictory given what they both do to the mindset of the target - one to simulate the target near-perfectly, the other to push aside their personality in favour of a mere vessel for their power.

And wasn't the challenge title 'heroine' before? I'd seen titles change before, but it hadn't been common so far - although perhaps that was just that I hadn't progressed many Capes far enough into their challenges to see every variation. "Challenge." Doesn't matter.

I touch down in the middle of a road. A familiar one. The Dallon household is directly in front of me. For a moment, I find myself wondering if this is one of the 'moving' challenges - those few that have no true fixed location, and just move the setting of the challenge to whatever was around me when I challenged my opponent. Then I take another look around. A few too many torn-up sections of the road. Shattered windows in the cars. A suspicious hole in the wall of the Dallon household and signs of battle. A bit too 'different' to be one of those challenges.

Which is enough to make me feel pretty cautious. It would be one thing if the location was just based on the area around me, but with that possibility eliminated - the scenario considered Amy, likely somewhere inside that building, to be a 'harder' challenge than the one I'd fought just before. Sometimes the 'harder' rule didn't always apply. Some challenges were easier to cheese than others. Taylor riding around on a giant bug immediately after I'd gotten a bug-controlling power was still a funny one to me - but at least I could understand the idea there. She objectively was stronger... if I hadn't had the tool ready.

But this one was harder to reconcile. No GANG modifier this time. No reinforcements coming her way via TIME or even WRLD at a stretch. Just a glorified mentality adjustment. On the surface, it looks like an easy win. That doesn't sit right with me. My powers given me freebies sometimes, but it usually feels somewhat obvious about it - usually a straight-fight that is within my capabilities to win in a single round, or a completely vulnerable target, or someone I can beat in the exact same way as the previous round with no adjustments.

If I took it at face value, I could walk in there right now with my ash clone and knight, start a 3v1 against a lone Panacea and win as long as I didn't let her touch me when I didn't have her own power active. Did I think that was exactly how it would go down? No.

LUST. What would that do to Panacea? I already knew, to a certain extent, that her power wasn't simply healing. I could excuse my own variant of the power being different, but fighting her challenges had given me enough of an understanding that she was, in reality, aware and capable of using her power as a weapon - not just a tool to knock someone out with. The only issue I had was that I didn't really know what that looked like, my own version of the power was fairly weak. Was I looking at a power that was usually used to re-set bones instead being used to break them? If she could fix eyesight, could she blind with a single touch as well? Did it even really matter? Just because her power might have the ability to be used in more destructive ways than she had so far, the reality was that I'd already seen the worst thing she could do by touching me - knocking me out with a touch. Whether she could command my heart to shut down or if she had to go and find a sharp object to finish me off didn't really matter once I was defenceless.

No, that was still too much wishful thinking. Just like how Clockblocker never used the extremely-lethal aspects of his power before the LUST modifier, Panacea must have a reason for the modifier to be here. I don't think I'd had a single Cape with that modifier yet that hadn't had at least one major new trick that they pulled out because of it. It wasn't one of the modifiers that was just thrown around as background noise, like ZONE or WRLD - it's presence meant that I was missing something fundamental. Something that she'd been hiding.

She was still a Striker. I'm sure of that much. There'd be no reason to hide that. And that meant that her tricks could be avoided by simply not being in close quarters with her. Nothing changed there.

Unless it was the Manton limit that was different? That could be it. If I assumed that her power actually was a more advanced version of mine, then she might have deliberately concealed the fact that she wasn't Manton-limited to maintain her non-combatant status. And if even I, with my power, was able to reshape bone and skin with a touch - then why would she be so limited? Perhaps this Panacea would be closer to Aegis. Three hearts. Four brains.

No. If her defensive utility could be that subtle, that limited to invisible, internal changes - she would have used it by now. It had to be something that was obvious and offensive by nature. A fighting style. Could she grow extra arms for herself, perhaps? Or did it even need to be human at all? This train of thought was making sense now. I doubted New Wave would have appreciated the PR from their cute healer sprouting scythes from her arms and covering herself with scales to become a pseudo-Brute. A powerful, regenerating Brute with a mover rating and the equivalent of an insta-kill on touch - that would be a challenge worthy of escalating from the previous hospital bet.

Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself. LUST wasn't exclusive to Capes. Normies had it too, and it wasn't like I needed to reinvent the wheel looking for tricks there. Just needed to walk inside and see what I was looking at. I was only being reluctant because this might be the only shot I get of her tonight. I intended to linger long enough to try out Brandish too, but that was a bad matchup for the current me to try and handle in a single challenge. The father of the house was a stay-at-home bum and rarely showed himself during my stakeouts unless New Wave as a whole left on a patrol. In summary, this was probably my best shot for the day unless I got lucky.

Two ways to play this out. Scout, or prepare for battle. I could send my ash clone in and peer through its eyes, try and see if I was walking into a trap or if anything crazy was happening. Or, I could build my knight. That wasn't quiet or subtle, but with the street looking somewhat torn-up there was enough material around to build it to a respectable level, at which point it would be enough of a Brute to pulverise the street and nearby walls to build itself up even more. Panacea would obviously notice the commotion right away, but it was still one of the strongest tools I had given time.

Time that I didn't necessarily have to sit around waiting, I remind myself. REAL didn't start the fight in the same way as ALRT, but it did mean that whatever Amy was doing - she was moving. She was doing something. Usually that aspect of the modifier was a mild curiosity at most, but combined with LUST? It would probably be best to not leave her to her own devices. I had the advantage, no need to let anything she could potentially work on change that.

Knight it is. Overwhelming force with something that wasn't even biological in nature. Not even the tentacle underneath it, despite appearances. My ash clone rises next to me, wordlessly accepting my gift of Mush's power before lashing out at a nearby driveway full of pebbles, the first makings of the knight slowly taking shape as the tentacle doubles back on itself to form the start of a centralised body.

And me? I just wait. If my power dropped me in front of a house, it usually meant that the target was inside. The enemy had a death-touch power, there was no reason for me to walk in when in less than three minutes my knight would be able to, albeit very awkwardly, flop on top of the building and flatten it via pure bulk. The 'giant' version might be terrible at anything other than simply shambling forward and collapsing on command, but raw, uncontrolled mass had advantages that the flexible, powerful knight didn't have - and it wasn't like the giant had to hold onto all of that mass either. If I needed the knight, then my ash clone only had to manipulate the tentacle to drop its load, condense itself into a tighter form and be more selective with the materials before the smaller figure emerges. That wasn't possible to do so easily in reverse - it would have to find a giants-worth of material first, not such an easy task to do in a hurry.

The door opens. And there stands Panacea.

It's definitely her. Although the white robes have more red than usual - and the expression on her face is... off.

"Greg." She locks eyes with me across the street. I blink. Ah. REAL did have a tendency to have more coherent enemies, but they didn't usually speak unprompted. "There you are."

"Here I am." I agree. Talking was good. My knight was probably already strong enough to pulp her in one swing, but the extra time only made it stronger with each second of gathering material. "Uh, how's life treating you?"

"You have the nerve to ask that? Funny." The hatred in her voice is at odds with the beatific smile on her face. "But to answer the question, it's fine. Even after everything you did... I saved them all. It's a temporary solution, but everything is going to be okay. Once you're gone - I'll fix this. I'll fix everything. Everyone. Everything will be back how it should be again." She pats at her baggy robes for a moment, the smile disappearing as a murderous expression appears. "You just have to die first."

"O-kay..." I click my tongue against my teeth. Not the first time I've been inserted into a fictional scenario, but I was definitely missing context here. "Listen, I'm not sure what exactly I did - or rather, what the person who you think I am did before I replaced them - but I'm willing to talk this out." Only a partial lie. I was absolutely going to split her skull open with my knight before she got close, but I was willing to fish for information about the scenario first. It could help in the next one, or even give me some unrelated insights like Taylor's bank-challenge had on the Undersiders and Browbeat.

Panacea doesn't dignify that with a response. Instead, she just charges towards me. A full-on suicidal sprint. I'd expected that. Hoped for it, even. It meant that she intended to win by touching me. Unfortunately, while she was a good deal faster than the last time I'd seen her - she clearly wasn't sprouting wings or hooved legs or anything - so my theory on LUST indicating a lack of a Manton limit just looked stupid now. My knight steps forward to block her path - not enough material gathered to form a weapon in addition to the body, but instead it had simply bulked up one arm to a greater extent to turn it into an oversized club.

Amy doesn't slow her sprint, or even turn her head to acknowledge certain death stepping into her path.

I don't like that.

I pinch space behind me and retreat, mentally brushing over my defensive powers. Speed state... not at this distance. Dashing through an unknown wall in the shadow state could cost me the fight for no reason, but simply retreating to maintain my current distance as best I can would be smart. I can't truly give a reason but... there's a common argument about what 'bloodlust' means on powerscaling boards - it doesn't mean literal bloodthirst, it means an optimised user of their power willing to do whatever they need to do to win. Now, how that interacts with REAL remains a mystery - but it meant that I couldn't chalk her charge down as the move of a maddened, enraged animal with no thoughts other than violence in her head. She was thinking. Planning out a way to win. Part of this plan was a rabid charge towards me, despite the obvious Brute about to kill her before she made it halfway.

If she's confident in the face of that, I'm worried.

A worry that is soundly vindicated when my knight winds up for a hammer blow down on Amy's head as she tries to pass - at this mass, I've seen hits like that tear through cars like paper and shatter concrete. On a human skull? There should be nothing left to recognise.

But the attack bounces off.

Literally bounces. My knight nearly falls over from the recoil, that entire 'limb' shedding a full half of its mass before starting to salvage and reform even while the knight itself turns to chase after the healer. Too slow.

No, too fast. I realise that now. I'd chalked it up to better running form at first, but she wasn't just running faster than her previous challenge-self - she was running faster than me.

And I wasn't ready for that. I didn't have threads extracted ready for Clockblocking, and the downside of making the initial knight was that I couldn't destroy and resummon my ash clone without waiting out the cooldown. I'd blown Vista's power already, and I'd need to survive for the next thirty seconds before space untangled itself and I could use it again.

If all she can do is try to touch me... I should be able to win. I still have other powers. I still have the knight, as long as I can circle back around to it. Echo. Forcefield. Panacea's own power should save me from the one-shot while touching. If that was all Panacea had, I should still easily win.

But I may be stupid, but I'm not stupid - if that makes sense. I know what I just saw. That wasn't any enhanced durability of her body that deflected my knight's killing blow. That was Glory Girl's forcefield. And while I didn't know exactly what to make of that, or her little speech at the beginning... I could extrapolate just a little bit and reason that if the defensive aspect of the forcefield was in play, then the offensive part might be too. I didn't mind the idea of fisticuffs and grappling against weak little Panacea, but the maths changes if she is going to start bench-pressing trucks and punching hard enough to shatter stone.

No thanks. I bound upwards, blowing two charges of my shadow state to extend the glide. I scramble at the edge of the low rooftop, my glide taking me just short of a comfortable landing - but I'm not leaving myself defenceless.

Not when that last line of reasoning led to the possibility that she can fly right now.

Fortunately, she doesn't.

Unfortunately, my ash clone abruptly dies while I'm scrambling up onto the roof - taking my knight with it.

Unusual, it's usually good at keeping itself at a safe distance while the knight is out - but I suppose it isn't a mover in its own right, there's nothing that it can do to run away from something faster than I am. That means I can't just lead her on a loop to get back to the relative safety of my undying protector until I can respawn my ash clone. That's bad. I need to stall, but my best move to do that is to completely leave the area via the speed state. If I do that, I'd have all the time in the world to recreate my knight at its strongest, with the best materials... but Panacea would have no need to come and fight me. With the LUST modifier, she could just disappear into the city if it was apparent that my knight was too strong to face and I'd never find her again before the anti-stalling measures kicked in.

Too late to doubt myself. I launch a spinning fist through the air, storing it as an Echo. I know how Glory Girl's shield works. I also know that, for the real deal, her Brute powers largely stem from the forcefield being active. I'm very confident that I'm still a more skilled fighter than Panacea no matter what modifiers she has. Even if I can only engage her for a single exchange of blows before her forcefield returns, that's still a trade that should be in my favour.

In theory. I watch as Panacea floats up to the rooftop in a short burst. A little unsteady, a little erratic. That was interesting. Just as interesting as seeing that she had flight, but hadn't used it so far. Glory Girl at full speed would have been able to catch me at her initial distance before I even had the chance to activate speed state. The fact that she hadn't - or couldn't - use it like that was a good data point. A data point that still left me incredibly confused as to what is happening.

She charges straight at me again as I mentally eye my recovering powers. Workable. I time the Echo to shatter her forcefield, my fist slamming towards her stomach a moment later - her lacking defensive guard easily opening up the opportunity for a clean hit. The hit doesn't register like it should. I hit something under her robes, but not in the way I was expecting. I didn't hit her, but something she was concealing underneath her baggy clothes.

And I'm pretty sure I just broke my hand. That too. Brute power? Very much still active. In a burst of paranoia, I switch away from Panacea's power to Glory Girl's just in time to halt her counterattack. I'm not sure if that would have been the weak hit that I was initially expecting, or if the toughness I'd felt in my attack would have translated to a powerful offensive strike too - but with my options limited, I'd prefer to show caution for the sake of getting more information.

Amy doesn't slow down. Her hand transitioning from a fist into a palm, curled as if grasping something - right as a sizzling spear of golden light materialises in her grip. I immediately drop into the shadow state, willing myself down through the ceiling to get away from the weapons formed from Brandish's power. Somehow, I'm not surprised about that. Nor am I surprised as her other hand comes up to point at the ceiling I'm vanishing into - already aglow with light. I'm still in the shadow state when the blast comes out and wipes out the area - I land uninjured, idly noting that interaction for the future. Whichever one that was, the blasts are kinetic and not 'energy' - the shadow state handles them fine.

Glory Girl. Brandish. One of the blaster-inclined Pelhams. And I'm pretty sure that I could attribute the other Brute effect and enhanced movement to Manpower. I see the theme. I don't understand how or why, but I see it. All of New Wave packaged into one awkward, angry healer.

Should have ran away with the speed state after all. I have nothing else left but another charge of the shadow state. The spear in her hand pierces through me as I shift around it, and I immediately reform - screaming as I find myself impaled on it.

It's over. She seizes my hand in hers, and I reflexively shift back into holding her own power as my active one to stop her from knocking me out. She pauses for a moment, then my entire arm starts to pulse in warning, a creeping, growing sensation of wrongness that quickly translates into raw pain - a burning sensation spreading through my body from the point of contact. I grimace, choking back the instinctive scream. I knew this one. Holding her power just stopped her from getting full insight into my body and doing whatever she wanted instantly, turning the surgeon's scalpel into a clumsy hacksaw. That kept me safe in short exchanges, but it wasn't the same as her not being able to do anything when given time to work and a plain canvas to experiment on.

Begrudgingly, I drop her power before she can do worse. I'm not a masochist, I'm out of winning options - I'll take the easy way out this time. The instant I drop her power, darkness consumes my vision.

FAILURE​

I hear the distant noise of the two sisters closing the door behind them as I shake my vision clear.

"What the fuck was that." I whisper to myself. Maybe I was onto something with the fake Manton limit? Perhaps she was modifying her own brain to mimic the Corona Pollentia of other Capes? Was that even possible? No. If it was that simple, she'd be an active Cape - a budget Eidolon even with what little I'd seen just now. And her speech... I could draw all kinds of theories from that. In the scenario, something had happened to the rest of New Wave - Panacea had done... something. Borrowed their powers in some way. But that wasn't her power. A second trigger? That would be a first. Completing challenges had sometimes seemed to tweak the powers of those I beat, but I'd never fought someone with a completely different power expression yet.

Could I be looking at the effects of a second unknown Cape? A Tinker, perhaps? That would explain the unusual shape of what was under her robes, although it was hard to tell if I was hitting armour plating, solid metal from a Tinkertech device or just Manpower's power in action. Or even Shielder, if the defensive construct could be made that close to her body. It was hard to be sure, but I was confident that it didn't feel the same as Glory Girl's shield. Which meant that it wasn't impossible to overcome with raw power. I'd like to test one of my Parian-fuelled footballs against it, but timing that attack around Glory Girl's shield would be difficult to say the least. The mechablade or my knight could do it too, but a surprise attack with either of those was... unlikely.

I sit in place to wait some more. No point in speculating. I knew what to avoid now for next round. Rather than over-focusing on avoiding her Striker range, I should opt to stay somewhat close to her so that I couldn't be separated from my knight - that was my greatest tool against all of 'her' new powers. No amount of slashes, blasts or concussive force would destroy it unless she noticed the ash clone hiding nearby and realised the deception - with the knight around, I'd be in a permanent 2v1 situation and probably fare quite a bit better than I had in surviving alone. Nevermind how much easier it would be to reliably break through Glory Girl's shield with a second melee combatant fighting with me.

I tap my foot against the floor. Boring. And I'd already killed my ash clone back at my workshop to ensure the downtime wasn't too long, so I couldn't even distract myself with a bit of Tinkering. Sitting around doing nothing for the next hour or two might be optimal, but that didn't make it any easier to stay focused.

To my surprise, the next activity isn't the arrival of the Dallon matriarch. It's Panacea, an oversized hoodie raised over her head as she half-jogs down the path - then turns down the street past my current observation spot.

Interesting. And a potential opportunity. If I stayed in place, I'd likely catch Brandish when she eventually returned from work - and I may or may not catch Panacea getting back from wherever she was going before I had to leave, depending on how long she was out for.

Or, I could follow Panacea. Not literally stalking her, but wherever she was going - she hadn't taken Glory Girl with her as a taxi. And while I couldn't claim to have a complete understanding of her social life, I was pretty sure she was closer to Taylor than she was to Em- Madison. I couldn't completely ignore the possibility that she was just going on a quiet shopping trip somewhere, but the far more likely scenario was that I'd spotted her slipping out to go on a hospital visit. An affair that would take hours, probably end with a request for someone to pick her up and also provide me with plenty of exposure to actually talk and interact with her if I 'just happened' to visit the same hospital.

Plus, I'd get more chances to finish her current challenge and that would probably be enough to get laid with the ever-grumpy healer.

An easy decision, when I frame it like that.

It's the work of seconds to find a nearby bug, assign it as an administrator and ferry it through the window in my palm with my shadow state. I head back through the household, monitoring the movements of my new administrator as it doggedly chases down it's target. Vision wasn't exactly great through my bug of choice, but it wasn't exactly a busy street - and Panacea's 'discreet' outfit had plenty of places for an enterprising bug to nestle in and hide.

With the tracker bug in position, I quietly leave the house and exit the street in a completely different direction to the path she took. I need to find a good spot to change into my 'costume' - albeit it wasn't quite the real-deal that I'd be picking up at Parian's... tomorrow? Tomorrow. Void Cowboy shouldn't be seen coming directly at an angle from the Dallon household, people would make entirely correct assumptions as to why I'd been in the area once they knew the truth. I needed to get to a separate area of the city, change, enter the speed-state and get ahead of wherever Panacea was walking - so that rather than me 'following' her, she just coincidentally went somewhere that I happened to be at already.

But first, setting a brisk pace while checking maps of Brockton Bay on my phone. It would be pretty awkward to set up shop in the wrong hospital only to realise she'd walked right past to the clinic a few blocks down the road. Or that she was going to a friends house instead.

I pause at that. No. Impossible. Amy was cut from the same cloth as Taylor, I was pretty sure of that. Any friends she had were caused by pure osmosis from hanging around her hot sister.

That was a good thing. For me. I feel like the loner, anti-social types tended to latch onto me better.

...damn. Saying that makes me feel like I'm some kind of domestic abuser, talking about how it's better if my wife doesn't have any other friends she can go to for help. It's not like that! Actually, it's better if they have close friends because then I can get them in the same net!

No, that sounds worse. Maybe I should stop thinking about better ways to phrase my choice in target selection, and focus my inner monologue on heroic-sounding things. Like how I was going to become the pillar of love and support that arguably the most heroic, selfless figure in the Bay truly deserved.

And if I had to smash her skull open a few times to do that? That was life.


All that effort to monitor her location, predict her path, narrow down the possibilities far enough in advance that I could slip in long before she arrived... and she just goes straight to Brockton General. Makes me feel like the effort was completely wasted, picking the most boring answer possible.

But it did make things easier. This wasn't the first time I've been to Brockton General. This wasn't even the first time clambering over the back fences and phasing through a second-floor window of Brockton General. The lady at the front desk was bitchy the first time around, talking about licenses and liability - so I just skip that step every time. Who needs an expensive doctor scaring away the only-slightly-shifty guy offering free healthcare? The patients can make their own choices, that's what I say.

The doctors were begrudgingly aware of me and what I did, so when I let myself in through the window a nurse just blinks blandly at me before shrugging and leaving the room, doubtless to make my presence somebody else's problem.

That's right. Leave the healing to the heavy-hitters. Big Pharma has nothing on my ability to poke people.

Void Cowboy, modern-day saint. Isn't it crazy that I've never even been offered a medal for this?

"No. You're lucky they don't arrest you for trespassing." My patient whines.

I blink. "Did I say that out loud?"

"Yes." The teen nods. "You sounded like an idiot." He lies. "Ow!" The boy hisses at me as I shift my grip around his knee. "Ow! Ow! That hurts!"

"Stop whining." I tell him blandly. "Painkillers are for nerds. And people who know anything about dosages." I match his level gaze as he glares at me, momentarily forgetting his pain in favour of complaining about Saint Veder. "No, really. It's just a fracture, or something like that. It will be fixed before you know it." I'm pretty sure the medical term is something like that, but I'm not going to lose any sleep if the correct term is a 'fuluminous break of the lower tibial vertebrae' or some other nonsensical string of words put together. I was a real healer, not an overpaid nerd with a fetish for latin. Leg bad? Poke. Leg good.

It really is that simple. My version of Panacea's power doesn't need me to know. I'm just going off vibes, telling my power to vaguely push things back to how they should be and not thinking too hard about it - the power runs off to do everything it needs to do, one step at a time. At times, it feels like setting some kind of healing-puppy loose on the body, watching it chase from one area of interest to the next - the majority of its moves easy to understand, some few only becoming clear when I really specify what I want the power to do.

Interviews with Panacea had often gone into the in-depth biological sense that she gets when healing, the control she needs to exhibit - but I don't have anything that crazy. The upgraded version of Panacea's power gave me more of a... wireframe image in my head of what I was touching. A heatmap of 'wrongness', coupled with expanding my 'range' from just a few inches from the point I was touching to something that radiated out across most of the body - with my ability to enact change still at its best and most precise at the point of contact. The boy winces again as bones move on their own under my thumb. "Here, want to know a cool pain management trick from Void Cowboy himself?"

"Who?" I resist the urge to murder him a little bit for that in the name of attitude improvement.

I adopt a wise expression. "Pain is about perspective. Like, a little snot-nosed kid falls over onto the ground - it's one of the most painful things that's ever happened to him. Right at the top of his pain scale, so he starts crying. But as they get older, they get tougher, they learn that there's way more painful things in the world. They get kicked in the balls by some bitchy girls. He falls off a building and breaks his leg. He loses his hardcore survival run in CapeScape because the power went out. Then, they fall over again, they realise its not really that painful at all and they just get over it like a man." I nod firmly. "That's how pain works. So all you need is one really painful experience at the top of the scale, and you'll be basically invincible from that point on. You'll break your bones and keep soldiering on like nothing ever happened."

"That's not right. That's stupid." He tells me.

"You're stupid." I frown at him. "Here. First time I ever got stabbed - I was basically useless until-" I died. "-I got better. Had to run away like a bitch and totally lost the fight. But I get stabbed these days? I laugh, because now they think they've won - but I can trap the knife and beat the shit out of them. I've realised that a dinky little bit of pain like that isn't so high on the scale after all, and that a little blood loss doesn't really matter if you can still move. It's a willpower thing. So take it from me - you can man up and soldier through this. Here: I know this isn't that bad. How painful is this for you right now, a four? A five?"

"Ten." He hisses.

"Ten is high." I inform him helpfully.

"Ten." He insists.

"Wow." I blink. "You're kind of a little bitch, huh? You're acting like a little kid and you're barely younger than me."

"I'm a patient, you'll get in trouble talking to me like that." It's his turn to frown back at me.

"Yeah?" I lean forward. "What are you going to do about it, cry on me?"

That shut him up for a moment. Long enough for the bone to slip back into place as if nothing changed. "Done, why don't you-"

The door slams open. "You!" Panacea jabs her finger at me.

"Me?" I point at myself innocently.

"You!" She confirms. "You're, what do you even think you're doing-" She glances at my current patient then storms over, grabbing his hand and blankly staring into nothing for a moment. "You did it again!"

"What did he do?" He says, suddenly looking more nervous than he ever had since I entered the room.

"Using my power like that, you can't just do that!" She glares at me, looking closer to a particularly outraged gerbil than anything truly intimidating.

"You've lost me." I admit. "I fixed his leg. That's pretty normal, I've done that before. Actually, I'm pretty sure you've stood around to watch as I do it when the PRT was getting kind of nervous about whether or not what I was doing was safe. Why complain now?"

"It's not what you did, it's how you did it. You fixed his leg by borrowing material from elsewhere in his body. You're not just healing, not just pushing things back together - you're moving things around. Changing things." She stresses that last part as if it means something. "You said- you said your version of my power couldn't do anything that serious!"

"Oh, right. I've noticed my copied powers get stronger as I hang around the people I copied them from. Guess we've bumped into each other enough that we crossed a hurdle, because I got a pretty neat upgrade in functionality." I nod. "And about the leg, yeah, pretty sure I felt my power stealing from his other one to make it work, I guess the surgery meant not everything was still inside the body, and if my power just shunted everything together he'd be shorter on one side and walk funny for the rest of his life. Made him a little shorter in the process, but not by much-"

"I'm shorter now?"

"-so you decided to mess with his future growth to fix that. A tweak to grow a little bit taller to offset what you did now." She cuts in. Is that what I did? Neat. "Do you have any idea the long-term damage you could do if you were even slightly off with your calculations?"

"Calculation? Nothing like that. It's not really me doing the work at that level, I'm kind of the supervisor. The middle-manager. The power wanted to do it, and I trust that it knows the technical details better than me - so I just gave it directions and let it work out the minor details itself. Worked great, as you can see." I pause. "As you can hopefully see? I'd appreciate a second opinion, still testing a few things since this side of my power got upgraded. It's always worked pretty well on my intent so far, but I do respect your expertise on the matter."

"No, it's fine. It's right, but-" She lets out a snarl of frustration. "-but you can't just start doing that. If you start changing things on a whim, where does it stop?"

I give her a strange look. "Why does it need to stop? It worked, didn't it?"

She glowers at me, then at my patient - then back to me. "We'll talk about this outside. This conversation isn't over." She glances at the boy. "I'll let the staff know that you're fine. They'll handle things from here. I need to have a private talk with this idiot."

"Wait, wait, wait - you can make me grow more with your power?" The boy pipes up urgently. I nod. "You did that to my legs specifically? You can target it?"

I nod again, then pause. "No way dude. That's gay."

"No, no - this is a thing between men! I wouldn't tell a soul, and I'm not talking anything crazy here - just, you know, a little edge in the future." He makes a pinching gesture with his hand. "Like, an inch or two could go a long way and nobody would ever think anything of it."

Panacea looks confused.

"Super gay." I repeat.

"It's not! It would be article one of the bro code if people knew about it!" He adopts a pleading expression. "I'll take back every bad thing I ever said about you. I'll admit I was being a little bitch earlier just to be annoying. Just a tweak."

"Not in the habit of doing things like that." But... Panacea's reaction would probably be funny. "But, sure. Here." I poke his thigh, letting my power radiate out and directing it with a thought.

Panacea sends me a deeply suspicious look, then reaches out wordlessly to take the patient's hand again.

She kicks me in the shin. Hard. "Ow, what the fuck?" I gripe at the sudden assault.

"After everything I just said!" She growls at me. She attempts to kick me again. I dodge this time. "Stay still!"

"No!" I refuse. The next kick misses as I transfer into the shadow state.

"It's done?" The boy grins. "Brother, I will literally die for you. Don't worry, I'll never tell a soul - it's all natural! You won't regret this. I'm gonna buy all your merch. I'm gonna-"

"Don't encourage him!" She seizes hold of my ear and starts half-dragging me out of the room. Ow! What the fuck? "We're done here!"

As I allow myself to be hauled out of the room by the irate healer, my previous patient - now apparently transformed into my biggest fan - glances between the two of us, seems to come to an unspoken conclusion about what was happening, then sends me an exaggerated wink, a thumbs up and a whispered 'good luck'. The crude gesture with his hands afterwards is entirely unnecessary. I get the point.

But, thanks - brother. I'm actually kind of glad I didn't kill you a few times to get a more agreeable chick now.

Amy tries to drag me somewhere for a private chat. But I'd rather delay that chat for as long as possible. After all, this was clearly important - and now that she's calmed down, also something that she doesn't want to discuss in front of patients. Clearly, she wasn't going to part ways until she'd pinned me down for that chat. But she would be willing to leave if there were still patients in the building in need - couldn't heal everyone at once, not in a building this size.

So, to maximise my Amy time... I scurry into the next patient room despite her best efforts to pull me aside. And then the next. And then... "Challenge." Time for another round, now that the timer was down enough.

This time, I know the plan. The ash clone hides in a nearby building, stretching out the tentacle into the street before starting to form the knight. The final product would be a bit weaker, but that was nothing compared to the danger of losing the knight. From what I'd seen, the gain in speed and power wasn't worth the danger here - and the street wasn't torn-up enough to try anything tricky like hiding the ash clone in a ditch or a crater somewhere.

Amy emerges again. Faster than before, if only because I deployed the knight and started making noise earlier. The same opening speech, and the same lack of details coming my way. She's not interested in a real conversation. Kind of a shame, actually. The LUST modifier is probably screwing me a bit here, if talking is suboptimal then the modifier must be pushing her to avoid it - especially as my knight continually grows in size and strength.

More prepared this time, and more aware of what options she has - it's easier to think. Easier to notice. Easier to ask questions.

Question one: If she has, presumably multiple, Blaster powers - why does she run into melee range against my obviously-melee-focused knight and myself? Raw hatred? Not with the LUST modifier in play, even if REAL was playing a part somewhere - this had to be more than just a preference or a choice in fighting style. Somehow, blasting me continuously from afar was a suboptimal move for the girl in front of me. Why is that?

What follows her charge is a little more than fifty seconds of me briefly exchanging blows, burning a defensive power and then cowering behind my infinitely-recovering knight. She hadn't shown herself as able to notably tear away the mass that the knight had gathered - and simply applying concussive force or occasionally slicing it apart only served to make the material more and more suitable for Mush's power. She certainly had the strength to rip pieces off and throw them away, the tentacle itself wasn't that strong - immortal, yes, impossible to temporarily rip apart, no. But she either didn't recognise the power, or was content in just briefly neutralising it for a few seconds at a time while she focused on me - exactly what I'd been hoping for.

But the whole exchange highlighted the second question: Why wasn't I seeing Flashbang's power at all? It should be amazing in this exact scenario - exploding orbs scattered all around the knight, hitting me would be assured unless I burned through my limited stock of defensive powers. Why was she bothering to cycle through short-ranged-blasts and Brandish's power at all, when using Manpower for an extended period of time would catch me with comparative ease? I could excuse not knowing about the weakness of the shadow state, but she had enough pseudo-Mover powers that I shouldn't really be able to get away with ducking and running around my knight like this so easily.

The third question starts to form in my head a little over a minute after that. When she starts to dodge rather than take blows head-on, the almost-rabid pace of her attacks making way for a somewhat more measured approach - which ironically makes it easier for me, giving me more time to get my cooldown-based powers back between each engagement. The thought crystallises when I land in a clean hit on her face in exchange for a blade of surging light scoring a line of blood across the side of my torso. The question: Why did that hit? I hadn't taken down Glory Girl's shield yet.

Panacea bounds away, hands already rising to deliver a warning set of concussive blasts to create distance. I duck behind my knight again as it weathers the barrage largely unscathed - swaying like an oversized willow but ultimately reshaping itself again, the only loss being the material that had been blasted clear from the area at the point of impact.

Running out of juice for her powers? She wants to get away, which means I want to follow her. It means taking my ash clone and knight with me and potentially risking that trick being discovered as the clone leaves its hiding spot, but I don't have a choice. Even with her extra powers seeming to have some issues, I don't fancy my chances in a 1v1.

She's still faster than me outside of the speed state, almost seeming to glide across the ground at times - something that I can now recognise as the briefest bursts of the multiple flight powers she has access to right now. Another question, all of them leading me to the same answer - that she's rationing her power use. That it's a limited resource. And, presumably, she's backing off now in an attempt to replenish it.

It doesn't take long to verify that. Amy's hand snakes around the throat of a nearby NPC, who momentarily struggles before going limp - as I slow my approach and wait for my knight to catch up, letting it take a small detour to stockpile more resources for itself.

It's a testament to how completely used I am to the occasional NPC wandering the streets and not reacting to my fights that I'm more shocked about one actually being relevant than I am at whatever she's doing right now. The NPC practically erupts like a blood bag, coating the girl blood and viscera - the remains of the man still held loosely in one hand as she turns to me, spare hand raised to start firing blasts at me.

My knight quietly steps in front of me as I burn a shadow state charge and Glory Girl's shield to survive the barrage. The knight steps in front of me, a nearby car door wrenched in two to be used as a shield - I reach across and tap it to Clockblock it in place. The effects of the barrage immediately drop in potency, although Amy's enthusiasm for it doesn't diminish with it.

But I'm pretty sure I've solved this mystery now. Her power, the limitations of my version, the oddities I'd observed so far and now this... 'harvesting'? All I have to do is wait, and let my theory be proven.

I smile when the assault stops. Laserdream and Lady Photon would both have done a better job in a few seconds than Amy's imitation had done over the last few minutes. "Careful now, looks like you've drained your little battery there dry."

She spits on the ground as she slowly walks towards me, a manic look in her eyes. "I don't need them to kill you."

I grin wider. "But that's just it, isn't it? It's not about killing me. I'll admit, it took me a while to piece it together - I had a pretty set vision of what your power could and couldn't do, and just assumed that my power was the weird one. When I was thinking about what 'twist' on your powers the LUST modifier could do, I was thinking that your power wasn't healing - but just generally manipulating the human body into a desired shape. That the big secret was that you could just, turn everyone into Aegis if you wanted. Give them some extra features, make your own personal army. Then you showed off your, New Wave all-in-one trick and I thought - 'aha, it's the no-brains thing! She can tweak brains to copy other Capes powers!'. I really thought that I'd solved it."

She paces closer, utterly silent.

I shake my head. "But seeing you turn that guy into a husk like that, it really gave me a new perspective on the things you've been doing. The fact that you were covered in gore last time I got a clean look at you, and now you're looking almost normal again - another interesting datapoint. You're not manipulating bodies. You're manipulating biomass and repurposing it however you please. I wonder, do your parents know that baby Nilbog has been living under their roof this entire time?" I taunt the approaching healer.

"I don't want to hear that from you of all people, you fucking monster." She spits.

"That's not very Panacea-like of you." I tilt my head at her. "And, 'me, of all people'? I suppose that's fair, I understand the scenario now. I wondered why your title had changed to 'Candidate', but it's pretty obvious now. This entire scenario is a what-if event, showcasing your application into the Slaughterhouse Nine. And I'm Jack. Or, Greg, I suppose. Not a very villainous name, but I suppose people called Jack used to feel the same once upon a time."

"Application?" She scoffs. "I'm not like you. I'm nothing like you or any of your pathetic little group members. I'm going to kill you, and all of your friends. I'm a heroine, a proud member of New Wave - and nothing is going to change that."

I send her a mocking grin. "Poor Mr Bloodbag back there would probably disagree with some of that." A blast attempts to interrupt me. I burn a shadow state without moving. My ash clone discretely finds a spot to cower in nearby while I continue to draw her attention. Don't die, buddy - or I'll die with you. "But I am impressed with the self-delusion, that you can say all of that with a straight face. I'm a newcomer to this scenario, but even I have to admit that you're fitting right in with a prospective member right now. Filling out the vibe perfectly."

"Because one person had to die to take you down? That's a worthwhile trade for someone with a kill-count in the thousands. Countless heroes would make the same trade in a heartbeat." She counters bluntly, not yet making an aggressive move as my knight matches her every attempt to circle around it to face me directly.

I snort. "Amy, Amy, Amy. It's just the two of us. Even the big guy here can't really think. You don't need to lie. You don't need to pretend you're in the same group as those great heroes you're talking about. You're in this position for a reason. You were always going to be in this position. You're one of us." Before she can spit a denial out, I continue. "And if you want to say that I'm wrong, then just look me in the eye and say it - but, please, before you do... why don't you show me what you've got hidden under those robes of yours?"

She instantly surges forward to attack, a furious expression of hate on her face as a glowing broadsword materialises in her hands. My knight steps in and gets cleaved in two, but that isn't truly such an obstacle - it's rampant flailing as it starts to reconstitute itself clips Amy, and her forcefield drops for a moment in time for me to land a quick jab with the aid of Vista's power confusing the distance between us.

"Or rather-" I continue, weaving away from her assault. "-should I say, who?"

"It's your fault!" She screams. A trio of blasts race towards me and shatter the ground harmlessly-

-and my knight collapses. I blink. Then turn my head towards the ground she'd just hit. Ah. She accidentally severed the tentacle trailing from my hidden ash clone to the knight. Not 'lethal', but also not something that my ash clone would be able to fix in time to save me. I could buy... eight seconds or so of an enraged Amy on my own, including time spent kiting backwards away from the knight. At that point, I'd be dead even if the knight was made active again.

I make my decision. My ash clone dissolves into nothing as I forcibly retrieve Mush's power, activate it and plunge it directly into the knight at my side. I'd practiced a bit since my first use of this power, and while I was pretty sure my administrator would always be a more skilled user than me... it didn't take much finesse to fill what was already there and swing it all wildly to the side. Amy's forcefield drops again, her attack momentarily cancelled as she moves to defend herself from the next blow. I reach out to her again, already noting the sudden flex of hexagonal blocks appearing directly through her robes with a barely-noticable light. That was fine, I wasn't trying to hit her. I brush one finger against her robes before she can think to counter.

Skidmark's power. I'd barely used it since getting it. Just hadn't been able to find the right trick to use it in a fight. I could make a single-use missile of sorts with the current version with prep time - but in reality, anything that gave me prep time meant that I could either use my mechasword or my knight, both of which were superior to throwing a big rock very fast. But, as arrows appear on her robes along the line my finger traces - maybe I've found a minor use for it after all. A half-second passes, I activate the power and step back. A full half of Amy's costume shoots directly upwards, almost concealing her vision before she claws it out of her face with her hands, trying futilely to force it back down to obey gravity.

Sorry, doesn't work like that.

And, sorry - the jig is up now. I can see everything. And I'm not talking about the surprisingly-racy fashion choices.

A shivering sac of some kind hangs around her waist, pulsing, sickly-looking tubes emerge out of it - each one leading to one of seven dessicated-looking brains attached to her torso like limpets.

"There's New Wave. Your new pets to help on your quest to be a real hero, I presume?" I taunt. "Bonesaw would be proud of the little puppet-show you're pulling on. The end-result might look messy, but you're really pushing the field of medical science forward with this - how does it work, do you just push on the bits of the brain you need for the power? Or are they all in there, screaming in horror about what you've done to them?"

"Shut. Up." She seethes. "You caused this. I did this to save them, and I'll fix them all once you're dead and gone."

"Better hurry." I smile wryly. Playing the villain was fun, actually. "That's the trick, isn't it? If this was stable, this wouldn't be a fourth-level challenge. Eight combined Capes, that's an Eidolon-level fight. But, it's closer to babysitting than anything else. All of those brains constantly drying out, constantly needing to be squeezed by your power in order to activate theirs - there must be attrition along the way, burning energy, causing brain damage that not even you can fix - you can stave it off with easy-access to biomass, but without that, you're forced to slowly murder your family just to keep your pathetic life going for just another few seconds. Which is exactly what you proceed to do. You really do belong with us, don't you?"

Her response is an incoherent scream of rage that accompanies a powerful blast that sends the remains of the knight to scatter halfway across the street. Without the tentacle rooting it from the ground, it just doesn't disperse force as well.

She surges forward.

Eight seconds. That was how long I had guessed I could last on my own from this range when she had the full range of 'her' powers.

Three minutes. That was around how long it would be before I could resummon my ash clone.

Surprisingly, I don't quite make it that long.

But I like to think that my mocking, congratulatory laughter as she tears me to pieces did a respectable amount of mental damage. I've got a role to play here, after all. Nobody truly liked Jack Slash... but you couldn't deny that he was committed to the bit. How could I let myself be outdone by him?

FAILURE​

Surprisingly, I don't really care about the failure.

Because I understood the challenge now. And it was something I could strategise around. A battle of attrition, pressing the advantage at moments of weakness - no different to hitting weak points on a video game boss during the intermission phases. Hit a brain with a clean, suitably powerful hit - and she loses a power. Forever. Keep chipping away... and it's back to just Amy. A slightly more psychotic Amy than I was used to, but I could handle that.

And actually, my newfound knowledge could be put to good use against the real, non-crazy Amy too. Because now I knew that her previous concern about 'how' I was healing people was less about the actual mechanics of what I was doing, but about how I was using her power and stepping over the rules she'd imposed on herself to not be like Bonesaw and Nilbog. It's almost enough to make me feel bad... but at the same time, that's no way to live.

"You don't understand what you're doing-" Amy insists, a hint of frustrated tears in her eyes as we leave yet another patients room.

"Actually, I think I understand perfectly." I raise a finger in the air, then correct myself. "At least, the overall picture of what I'm doing. The technical details under the hood... I guess you know better on that front. But don't worry. I understand this power better than I did. Your power. Not healing, right?"

Some frozen noise emerges from Amy's throat. Not a denial. That would be pointless after how far we'd come.

I show her some mercy. "Come on, let's take a walk somewhere quieter - we can come back for the other patients later. I'm guessing you'd rather have this chat away from anywhere you might get overheard - and I'd like to cycle Othala's power back to regeneration anyway."

She nods quietly, a stricken expression on her face. A part of me wonders why she looks so devastated - but looking at how she reacted to the scenario in her current challenge, how she reacted to my taunts... I could safely assume that the things that hit home then, are also things stewing at the forefront of her mind right now. Nilbog. Bonesaw. Recognising the things that she was easily capable of, and recoiling so hard that she became nothing but a healing outlet instead.

She follows me out of the hospital without a word. I say nothing as she hides most of her robes underneath her hoodie again as we pass through a quiet, isolated pathway, changing her appearance to looking like a mere, unfashinable normie than a superpowered individual out for a walk.

She stumbles in shock when I shrug and remove my mask and the outer outfit as well. "You already knew exactly what I looked like from the moment you touched me the first time, it's not exactly anything new to you is it?"

"It's not about that. What if someone else sees you?" She hisses.

"You were aiming for discretion, right? Or you wouldn't have covered up like that. Well, you won't draw any fewer looks walking next to an obvious Cape like me - but now? We just look like two young lovers out on a date, perfectly normal." I tap my head knowingly. "Now we can talk as much as we like, without worrying about drawing attention."

"We're not- this isn't-" Amy starts to protest, then gives up. "Whatever." She stews in silence for a moment as I narrow my eyes at her cooldown timer.

Her, unexpectedly short, cooldown. Fourth-level challenges were usually several hours of waiting between failed attempts. This one started that high, but flicks down a few minutes at a time whenever I'm not looking at it. By the time we find a park to walk through, a full half of the original cooldown is gone. For a moment, I'm reminded of Leet's challenges. That feeling of something else wanting me to keep going, to win, to push the power into being used the right way. The way I'd clicked into the zone with Leet so quickly - I was getting that same, heady feeling now. That sharpened awareness of who I was talking to and the way I should frame my approach.

Powers exist to be used. Amy's one was just the second-most obvious one about it yet. The way it practically jumped at the chance to enact any random whim, executing changes that I didn't have any real understanding of - but getting the general results I desired all the same. There was a drive there, some form of intelligence interpreting my will - it was eager to be used. And, in turn, I was eager to use it.

And I would bet my entire fortune that Amy would feel the same with just a little push.

Eventually, she speaks first. "When you said 'weak variant' of my powers, I'd really hoped it wouldn't get to this point."

"Why, because you're worried about what I might do?" I stretch my arms out. "Or, because you're worried about what it means for you?"

"Both. I wouldn't wish this power on my worst enemy. If people realise what you could do - might do - people can go to the Birdcage or get kill orders even before committing a real crime if they're dangerous enough. If people start to talk, start to realise that you don't have the limits that I said that I have - or that I lied about limits I said I have..."

I angle my head towards her. "What will happen, exactly? Eidolon could lock in a few Master powers and take over the country if he wanted. Is he too dangerous to live?"

A frustrated look appears on her face as I avoid her point. "No, because he's a hero. He can be trusted with all that power-"

"And you aren't? The way I see it, if everyone got to run around and vote to redistribute powers to people who can be trusted with them, I think you'd end up with the exact same one you have now. Maybe you were worried about what you could do with brains. Maybe you could have made a new invasive species that eats humans. Maybe you could have done something crazy with your powers at any time. But you didn't. You're still here, years later - you've never abused your powers. You've always used them to heal freely, without charging. Even in your own time, you go out on visits like this without anyone asking you to." I thump my chest with a closed fist. "Hell, if I didn't have your example to live up to, I probably wouldn't have bothered doing this kind of trip now and then myself. What are you even doubting yourself for? Does the person I'm describing sound like a bad person to you? The kind of person that other people should be terrified about going off the rails at any moment?"

"Only because people don't know what I do. They don't know what's going on in my head - how easy it would be to do something unspeakable. A flick of the switch, that's all it would take - one moment of weakness. And it wouldn't even need to be intentional, you said your power is the intermediary for you? It isn't like that with me. I've got a full understanding of everything I do, and full control as well. Any misstep, any slip up, any lapse in judgement could be the one that causes me to accidentally make a monster. To change a person's personality beyond recognition, or give them a worse health condition further down the line. A virus or disease that dwarfs anything anyone has ever seen before." She's talkative. Far more than she's ever been with me before. "It's all possible. I wish the rules that I made up were real. It would be a relief, knowing that the survival of the human race isn't reliant on me not having a mental breakdown."

Guess she's been bottling this up for a while. I'm fine with that. I can play the supportive therapist here, and then balance it all out by using every insecurity, secret and fear against her challenge self - which gives me more insight into the real Amy. A perfect cycle.

"I look at what Nilbog did, I look at news reports on what Bonesaw threatened to do this time - and my first thought isn't 'oh how terrible'. My first thought is how I could do it better. The simple tweaks I'd have to make on my next patient with a stray thought. Who thinks like that?" She shakes her head. "Nobody would agree to let me heal them in the first place if they realised I could rewrite them with a stray thought. You think I'm a hero for coming out here to heal people? I don't even like healing. I don't feel anything for the patients anymore. I just do it to feel better about myself."

"Same." I admit, earning a withering look of disbelief. "I mean, really. I get you! The healing isn't really my thing either, just doing my good deeds every now and then so that people stop calling me a do-nothing loser on PHO and they're forced to admit that there are some positives to me having powers. And thought crimes don't exist anyway. It's perfectly natural to compare abilities or situations like that - I used to do that even before I got powers. And the only difference is that now, instead of imagining how I'd do things better if I had their powers, I imagine how I'd do things better with my powers instead. Even if it's something a little grim, like a terror attack or a lethal Cape fight or something - putting yourself in their shoes and nodding that you would have done better, you'd have double-tapped the guy on the ground, you'd have blocked the exit, they struggled with this thing but your powers could do it better... that's just human nature. Or, maybe it's just the two of us are equally fucked in the head. I'm fine with either honestly."

She stares at me. "Was that supposed to sound encouraging, or make me feel better in anyway?"

"Eh." I make a face. "I mean, I'm not a real therapist anymore than I'm a real doctor. I'm just saying you're overthinking it. Everyone has weird thoughts. You haven't acted on them yet, you're worried about becoming a bad person. Sounds like you're doing a pretty good job of being a generally good person to me - no matter what your powers are. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have done even a fraction as much good as you've done if I was in your position."

That's an understatement. If I had her full powers, I'd definitely be closer to Blasto than Panacea. I'd ride around on a fire-breathing T-Rex and it would take months or years before anyone learned I could heal humans too. Her sense of self-imposed duty at the cost of her happiness was something to admire, but not something that should be considered an objectively good thing. Which was why it was important that I took this moping, self-hating healer and injected some joy back into her life.

And, maybe it's just a hunch, but I think that change is going to have to come from changes in how she uses her powers just as much as any change caused by me clearing her challenges.

Speaking of which... that challenge box timer has been absolutely racing down since the conversation began - and now the multi-hour timer is back at zero. I can take a hint. "Challenge." I whisper.

I materialise outside of the Dallon household again.

But I've got better plans this time. I summon my ash clone. "You know what?" I murmur. "Let's go kill some people." I head left. My ash clone heads right, Mush's power held but not actively being used yet.

Got to be quiet - I'm not looking to start the festivities quite yet. With no ALRT modifier, I may as well take advantage.

The closest NPC's go down easily, not even suspecting any danger to themselves before I'm choking them out. That's not enough. I briefly experiment with Panacea's power, but for all of my newfound flexibility - it wasn't all-powerful yet. The biggest weakness was speed, but also that I couldn't direct every part of the power personally. I knew, objectively speaking, that the power could disconnect a single vein, sever a few nerves, move the spine in just a certain way or flick a switch in the brain - and any semblance of resistance would be over. The power didn't want to do that. Sometimes it refused entirely. Sometimes it was sluggish to execute the order, or took an over-engineered route to do something simple. Rather than exploding the heart in a second, it does... something in the blood closest to my finger that eventually cascades into a minor heart attack after a minute.

Unwilling to slice one important vein, but completely willing to practically flay the skin of an entire limb apart in a few seconds. Doesn't want to knock someone unconscious at a touch, happy to prod their brain until they're an incoherently raging maniac and a threat to everyone around them. Won't do a neat little slice on the spinal cord, happy to completely remove the ability to feel pain across the entire body.

More than usual, I was feeling the presence of artificial limits here. Combined with the obvious... partnership, that using this power involved - I'd have to describe it as a reluctance to kill. No, that wasn't quite right. Using it as a tool of execution on a downed target worked without issue. Killing was fine. A reluctance to end fights unceremoniously. That was it. Not too different to my primary powers apparent hatred for guns, now that I think about it.

I do an extra loop, taking my time to purge all the NPCs I can find and dispose of their bodies. If Amy needs these to keep those brains alive, then a concerted extermination effort in the vicinity might work well to my advantage. There's no ZONE modifier here, so I'll never be able to manage too large of an area without triggering the anti-stalling measures - but last time, she only ran looking for an NPC when some of her powers started playing up. The realisation that the occasional pedestrian in this area of the city had been quietly disposed of could simply come too late for her.

Plus, I get to experiment with Amy's power. It's good to know my limits - and lack of them. It was an opportunity to follow-up on some of the things that Amy is worried about. I quickly learn that my version of the power is not precise enough to do anything truly complicated with the brain other than pump chemicals and hormones around. I don't think I'm going to be making any super-plague or uber-predator either. I just didn't have the insight into genetics and biological functions like that, and my power remains inactive when I try and prod it into action - a sign that anything world-ending is probably reserved for future challenges. On the way back to the starting area, while waiting for my ash clone cooldown, I do manage to make a detached arm capable of moving itself around after a few minutes - but it's more a mess of randomly-firing nerves and muscles than any useful tool or combat-capable pet.

Vision. That was the hardest part. The wireframe-like look that my power gave me was a useful framework to express my desires on, but outside of simply 'fixing' things - I didn't truly know what I wanted, so my job as the 'director' of the power was lacking. It was fine when I was going in with the idea of 'fixing the leg to look like a normal leg', 'wake him up, 'make this guy's heart issues go away' or 'grow this eye back'. That was easy. A simple order to smooth out the wrongness that the power had already identified, or to restore to things to their default, natural shape. There were limitations on the power's side too, but I had to acknowledge the fact that I was the weaker link overall. But I can't dedicate myself to medicine and biology like Amy, until Victor's power can do enough work to make my own knowledge viable - I'll just have to wait for a Thinker power to better guide me on this one.

But that's fine. I'm used to waiting for later synergies by now. I never expected this to be an all-powerful world-destroying power at this level anyway. I'd gone into today hoping for an upgrade to my healing abilities and something that would help shred through flesh in the hopes that it would neutralise Browbeat's power when we meet tomorrow. The extra features? Unexpected, but interesting. I'll take them.

And, if Amy can hurry up and die already - I'll start working on the next one too.

Time for the next round to formally begin. I noisily form my knight again. Except, when Amy shows her face this time... I dismiss my ash clone. After all, as long as the material was gathered up - I'd just proven in the last round that a new application of Mush's power could re-occupy it relatively quickly if it was close enough. That potentially freed up my ash clone from permanent knight duty and lets me use it as a more dynamic fighter capable of being gifted other powers, as well as abusing its low respawn time when it gets killed early - as opposed to getting punished for the long respawn time when it survives for longer.

It wasn't a pure upgrade. Without the tentacle rooting it in place, any attacks on the abandoned 'knight' would send material far and wide - it wouldn't be as effective of a shield as before. But I was fine with that. Defence was important, but offence was the only way to claim the final victory.

After a brief exchange of words, she's charging at me again. I've got my Parian-fuelled football lined up this time. I raise my ash clone again as she gets close, ordering it forward and letting my foot fly at the same time. Unfortunately for me, even with Vista's power gifted to it - my ash clone fails to break Glory Girl's shield in advance, instead dying to a casual blast of light as one of my strongest attacks is wasted dropping the invincible forcefield as Amy completely closes the gap towards me as I'm forced to back away.

Unfortunately for Amy, as so many of my enemies have learned, killing the ash clone the moment it spawns is a mistake. It's already springing to life right at my feet, the briefest touch more than enough to gift it the shadow state - it rises up, limbs not even fully formed yet, and swipes directly upwards as Panacea unknowingly charges over it intent on killing me in a single swipe with Brandish's sword. A truly precarious position for me, I'll survive the first blow thanks to Glory Girl - but the next is guaranteed to kill unless I retrieve the shadow state from the clone.

But there's no need for that. Because all of Amy's attention is on me. She isn't watching her flanks. She hasn't had the time to mentally adjust to any of my powers yet, the lack of the CONT modifier working in my favour. My ash clone reaches through her robes and pulls, every charge of the shadow state burned to extract a brain before Amy can even realise the threat - her habit of preserving the longevity of her defensive powers by not using them when not under threat, used against her.

"No!" She breaks off the attack against me, lunging after my ash clone instead. The ash clone wards off the first assault by using the brain as a literal shield - and when Amy shifts her weapon of choice to a more precise spear, it hurls the bloody object towards me in an underhand throw before it is brutally dismissed in a burst of heat and light.

I catch it one-handed, and Panacea's own power gleefully dissolves it into a writhing mass of unrecognisable flesh in front of her horrified gaze.

"Who was that? Nobody important, I hope." I taunt, my ash clone already rising next to me - this time, taking Mush's power and activating the knight. That was a lie. I did hope it was someone important. Because not all powers were equally important here. Glory Girl, Manpower, Brandish and Shielder - those were the core. The Blaster powers were either too weak or too inaccurate to be truly threatening as long as I had all of my defensive options ready to cycle - she'd need to 'refuel' eventually. Melee was her only real shot at victory, but without her most-threatening weapon in Brandish, the enhanced physical stats or one of the active or passive shields I needed to penetrate to hit the brains again, I'd swiftly be able to dismantle the threat in front of me.

"You fucking monster-" She howls at me, blade already thrusting towards me - only to be interrupted by the first movement of my knight.

"I'm not the one using my family as shields. I only want you, Panacea. Your family can go free." She looks stricken, but doesn't let up her attack. "But you don't want that, do you? Plenty of nobodies around to use, I'm sure you could perform a real brain transplant... but you don't want to bring them back. For the same reason that you like them without any senses of what's going on in the world. Afraid that they'd judge you for what you've done? Recognise you for what you are? As long as you can pretend you're just protecting them, you'll never have to face judgement - especially now that your crusade of vengeance has truly gotten one of them killed. How will you ever break the news? Or, will you just change them - until you never have to break the news?"

"You killed them! Not me!" She's crying. I should probably feel bad... but this isn't real. When REAL and CONT is involved, words are a weapon. And weapons exist to hurt people. "If it wasn't for you, Crystal-"

"Laserdream?" I tut. "One of the useless ones. Shame. You were terrible at using her power anyway, so she really died for no reason at all. That's just a tragedy, isn't it? What a waste. You should have labelled them, I'd have let her live."

A half-choked sob and an attempt to decapitate me is the only response I get. Maybe I'm enjoying this too much.

My ash clone is cut down and my knight stops moving once more. Frustrating. I'd really lost out on the lottery this time. Glory Girl would have been the jackpot, allowing me to win just by sniping her with high-powered moves like Parian's footballs or even Skidmark's missiles. Manpower and Brandish would have been great. Shielder would just be 'okay'. But Laserdream and Lady Photon were largely just clones of each other. Missing one limited how much she could lean on the power, but it didn't really change much. At least it wasn't Flashbang. That was the only real dud, going purely off of the fact that she'd never used that one. I could only guess that it was a lack of ability to aim or project the power without higher brain functions and real senses.

Eight seconds to survive. I try and repeat the trick with my ash clone spawning at my feet as I retreat under her assault, but she's looking for it now. She floats directly over it as it forms, leaning on her flight for the first time this challenge. Another wide-angle blast can't be dodged so easily. My last shadow state is spent, the next charge just a moment too far away to recover - and her Mover rating is still higher than mine. I can't back away fast enough, and a glowing dagger soon carves out a section of my chest.

We stare at each other for a moment, as she jerks her blade to the side and reaches out to touch me. Pointlessly, because I have Panacea's power active. Her eyes widen in realisation, but it's too late now. Her dagger winks out of existence as my hand slumps out of her robes, a foul stench wafting from whatever remains of the brain I just got a brief touch of.

Laserdream on the back. Brandish front-left. Good information. Good information. I try a last minute taunt at Panacea as my ash clone respawns - if I can get her to try and torture me instead of killing me, I might live long enough to be rescued by my knight as my shadow state returns. But I can't get the taunt out. Words are hard when your lungs are practically bisected. Who knew?

Even as Panacea's Brute-enhanced strength pulls my head clear from my spine - I'm happy with this session. I got a bit unlucky, but I was making some great progress on a tough challenge. This is the kind of challenge I would have had to run from in the past, but I feel like I've crested that hill now. I've got enough tools that a mere tough Cape or an unfair scenario isn't impossible anymore - there's a way for me to win, I just have to find it. Or to be more accurate, I've found it already - I just have to keep walking on that path until the success screen.

FAILURE​

I don't let my relative blindness stop me. I'm getting used to getting back on track with my conversations between challenges. "And besides, things are looking up for you now - right? You've got someone to talk to about all of this stuff. Someone who gets it. I've got nearly the same powers, same concerns, better looks - we've got a lot in common."

"I don't think I could be quite as humble as you." She adds sardonically.

"Probably not." I agree. "But you could copy me in other ways. I'm clearly doing something right compared to you because I'm not a nervous wreck at all, yet I'll bet anything that when people look at the two of us and realise we can both make biological monstrosities with enough time and effort - they'll be less worried about you, and a lot more worried about the uncontrolled vigilante with a penchant for breaking bones, avoiding the PRT and getting in over his head when fighting the gangs." I ward her off with a hand before she can protest. "I hear you, your power is slightly different for now - you're worried about making a mistake and it's all in your hands, etcetera etcetera. And I get that. It's the same for me! I'm a little concerned that my version of your power will do something strange too - I don't even have the exact command over it that you do, so I'm acting even more on faith and feelings. But what to do in response to that fear? That's where we disagree."

I clasp my fingers together behind the back of my head as we walk. "You intend to simply lock away that part of your powers and hope that you never, ever get put into a position where you need to use them. But I'm going to practice with them. If I'm not sure, I'm going to start with smaller things - areas that are already adjacent to something I could do already. I'll experiment on things where there's no consequence if I mess up. I'll learn. I'll master the pitfalls. And then, when I need to use that side of my powers - I'll know my limits. I'll know what is too much and what isn't. What safety precautions I need. I'm not going to shackle myself with fear of what I might do. Could you ever imagine telling your sister to never use her strength, because she might hurt someone? Then, one day - she is forced to punch a supervillain with all her might and kills someone. She'd be a moron for never testing herself, never working out how hard she needs to hit - how much she needs to regulate her power. Why would you be any different?"

"You can't rewrite someone's mind by lifting a weight too hard. You can't make a zombie plague by hitting a punching bag." Amy argues. "It's completely different."

I shake my head. "No, it isn't. You're just being difficult. You don't want help, and you don't want me to be nice to you or prove that you're objectively a good person. You want to wallow in self-pity. You want me to agree with you, to tell you that you're a monster and a terrible person - and I'm just not going to do that."

"Being realistic and responsible is called being difficult now?" She bites back.

"I think sitting in the dark and bottling everything up like you have is the opposite of responsibility, actually." I reach out to a low-hanging tree, snapping off a few small branches. "You haven't given me a single good reason for your 'approach' other than fear and feelings of inadequacy." I hold the branches up, a flex of mental will oh-so-slowly sprouting a variety of multi-coloured flowers out from the wood. I hand her the flowers with an elaborate gesture. "There. I broke your rules. Brought new life into the world. Has the world ended yet?"

She takes the flowers. "These aren't real flowers, they just look like that. They can't reproduce, they can't even feed themselves - pretending that this is even close to what I could do is a joke."

"Oh, you can see if they're viable or not? You can check - and ensure - that something isn't going to become an exponentially-expanding threat? You could make creations that, by definition, can't breed or even exist outside of your control? That sounds like a perfect test to me." I chuckle as she scowls at me. "You're still avoiding the point - in the end, where should the heart surgeon practice his trade for the first time? In the emergency room with the president's life on the line, or in a controlled environment with a test dummy?"

"The worst parts of my power aren't something I can test so easily. No convenient cities to wipe out, and not many people lining up to ask me to potentially wipe out their personality fumbling around in their brain." She drawls.

"The excuses are getting weaker and weaker as we go." I adopt a smug expression. If you went to the PRT tomorrow and said 'Actually, I can do other things with my power too. I can work on brains. Plants. Animals. Microbes. But I've been too scared of making a mistake' - you think they'll scream and run? Send you on the next Birdcage transport like you seem to want?"

"I don't-" She protests.

"I'll tell you what they would really do. They'll tell you that you've done well to come to them before doing anything crazy on your own. That they'd love to do some power-testing to find safe limits - and countermeasures - for you. There's always safe ways to test things. Testing on brains? People donate their brains to science all the time, finding one to experiment on to start with would be trivial. There are people at the edge of their lifespan, waiting to die - you think they couldn't find one volunteer happy for you to see if you can fix something they've struggled with all their lives? One person willing to run a few tests, see if something you did caused issues with their memory or personality before they head out anyway?"

"Great, then I can get carted around healing every brain disease to ever exist - forever. I'm looking forward to it already." She crosses her arms. "You're saying a lot, but what's the benefit in the end? I heal a few different things compared to before? That doesn't exactly change my ability to rewire their brain at will - if anything, it makes it easier. If I'm already tweaking things, what's one more change that benefits me? That's a slippery slope. The rules work, the fact that I'm here and not in the Birdcage is proof of that." She flips a hand in the air as we follow the curve of the path. "Somehow, I'm pretty sure your 'necessary sacrifices' outlook on testing my power would rightfully have me inside of a cell right now - and I'd be the exact kind of deranged criminal that I've been worried about this entire time."

"You're deliberately missing my point. The power testing and experimentation I mentioned is no different from any drug trial to ever hit the common market. It's common practice, don't pretend I'm a crazy revolutionary for suggesting it. Besides, if you really are bored of being the healer - you've got countless other options where you can objectively be a force for good in the world. More than I could even list - and you could completely change the way you use your power in the process. Can you even imagine the effect you could have on the pharmaceutical industry? How much you could help scientists test and iterate on their experimental drugs, perfectly list side-effects, enforce a perfect control group, highlight areas that they need to target - and when you get tired of it all, you can just step away and let capitalism continue to carry on without you - making a positive impact forever, even if you never took any free time out of your day to heal someone again."

She takes a while to respond to that, eyes looking a little distant as I speak - only to snap back with a jump as she hurries to respond to the silence. Thinking about it? I hope so. "I don't get to be bored of being the healer. It's not- I'm actively choosing to let someone die if I decline. There's not a choice there. Not really."

"You're just using that as an excuse to keep yourself miserable and tell yourself that you deserve to feel bad for daring to think for yourself. Let's go back to my favourite example. Eidolon. He could pull out a healing power. And a speedster power. And a Thinker power. I bet he could do ten times the work you do in a hospital in the same time period. I've seen plenty of sightings of him in his thread on PHO. Attending sporting events, concerts, rubbing shoulders with celebrities at parties - is he an evil person for letting those people die? Objectively speaking, there's people he could have saved during that time - is he allowed downtime, or is he as evil as you're trying to say that you are?"

"Can you stop comparing me to Eidolon?" She sounds irritated.

"Only if you can come up with a credible argument why it's different." There's no immediate response to that. "And I'm not done, you know. There's so many more ways you could express your power if you wanted to, and you could even help mitigate the risk of you going out of control if that's what you really wanted. Let's look at your idea of making diseases. Super-plagues. You think the PRT is going to have any issue with coming up with a single decontamination chamber and a clean room with some rats to test your work in? This is the group looking to counter Bonesaw and Nilbog, containing infectious biohazards and living under the threat of doomsday mechanisms that might kill us all if Bonesaw really isn't bluffing."

I continue. "Working out countermeasures with a willing supplier of plagues, viruses and ecological disasters in every configuration they could dream of, someone who could touch some of Bonesaw's most mysterious works and decipher it instantly - know the cure at a glance... they would jump at the chance to collaborate. The only reason you're avoiding that kind of pressure from them already is a combination of ignorance about your full powers and your position in New Wave shielding you from attention. I'd wager that sounds more interesting to you than fixing little Timmy's leg. And you'll make millions and millions of dollars. You could send ninety-percent of it to charity to soothe your self-sacrificing complex and still be insanely rich. I mean, you could do that last part right now anyway - gotta be a few billionaires with terminal illnesses around, right? If you aren't interested, I might just sweep them up for myself!"

She pointedly ignores that suggestion. "What's interesting to me doesn't come into it. Again. It's not about the good that I could do. I know! I know if someone actually good had this power, they'd be one of the greatest parahumans to ever live - an absolute paragon of humanity. Well, that didn't happen. I got them instead. And your- your delusional dreams that I could be trusted to deliberately make something deadly and dangerous, that I could be trusted to make only the most beneficial changes to somebody's brain, that I could be trusted to instantly make the perfect cure for something some psycho spent months or years cooking up in a lab - that's all they are. Delusional." Her breath comes out slightly ragged as she takes in a deep, choked breath. "I know, I know - that there's something wrong with me. I'm messed up in the head. If I was normal, you'd be completely right. I could do anything, everything. I could save millions and millions of people. But I'm not. I know I'd fuck it up, and if I can't do that - then the least I can do to make up for it is a few hospital visits, even if it's just to make me feel better about myself in the end."

I snort. "Sure, you're the main character. Is that how it is? Everything bad is because of you, everything good is something that a better person would have done? Nothing you could ever do will make up for the crime of existing and not being perfect? For someone so intent on being a small-time healer, your ego is something truly impressive."

She stops in place, turning to challenge me. "Now who's dodging the point? If you recognise that I could do more good using my powers in better ways, then you must also realise that the gap between me and a 'Panacea' that isn't so fucked in the head is almost comical. You love comparing me to Eidolon so much? How about comparing me to Sphere? We could both have saved the world with our powers. We didn't. Except he had a good reason, namely - Simurgh got to him first. Well. Simurgh never needed to bother with me. Never even glanced my way, and the reason is obvious enough: I was already too messed up to achieve anything. Isn't that something? My head is fucked up enough to do the same damage to the world that an entire Endbringer attack was dedicated towards."

I keep walking. After a moment, she follows. "You're being overly dramatic again. Comparing yourself to the active serial killer? And you're acting like everything you might have achieved in your life is fixed in place. Maybe wait until you graduate before declaring that you've completely failed the world because you didn't fix it all as a teenager in the time you could squeeze around homework and classes. It's not all your responsibility, you don't owe the world anything." I make an expressive gesture with my hands. "The reason I'm saying all of these ideas for your power isn't to say 'look at all the people you could save if you were better!' - it's to show you that there are other ways. That, if you're miserable, there's a way out - multiple ways out - that doesn't involve turning into an empty shell or having a psychotic breakdown in a few years. These rules don't need to exist if you don't want them to."

"I do want them to exist. They keep people safe. Keep me under control." She insists.

My turn to scowl. "No. You keep people safe by keeping yourself under control. The rules are just a framework you used. And you know what? I don't even think it's a problem on its own. Identifying high-risk uses of your power like that? More people should do that. That was good of you. But it's a mistake to just cut yourself off from the majority of your power." I click my fingers together. "You know something? Powers aren't supposed to be repressed like yours, people have done studies into Capes - paid them to do nothing but sit tight and live their lives, flipping burgers in McDonalds or whatever. For the most part, they just can't do it. Something happens. They get erratic. They start making mistakes. They look for excuses they never looked for before. What happens if that happens to you? What if it's already happening to you, after literal years of repression? What if the twitchiness you feel, these errant thoughts you're so afraid of - what if that's your power saying 'please use me'? You push it down and ignore it, but it just gets louder each time - and the whole time, you're thinking that you're mentally unstable for having these ideas when the only 'right' thing to do is just keep healing."

"So now I can't even be blamed for my own thoughts. A real cheerleader, aren't you?" The sarcasm is thick in her tone. "I like that. Every time I touch someone and start picturing how I could turn them into a vegetable with a thought, I'll blame your made-up voices whispering in my ear rather than doing any introspection about the fact that I'm a freak." She snorts. "Or, maybe I can just accept the more likely version of events - that I've got mental issues that I can't fix, and do my best to act sensibly despite them. To me, that seems like a better plan than giving in to my darkest thoughts and hoping that shuts them up for a while. Do you even realise what you sound like?"

"I'm not making it up, it's a real study - I'll send you the link on PHO later." I rub my chin with one hand. "And, you know? I think the idea is less crazy than you think. I'm not saying all of your dark thoughts are someone else's fault, I'm sure you've got your fair share of weirdness-" I get a sharp bark of laughter in response. I'll take that as a 'yes'. "-but the idea of intelligence? Of interacting with your power, and something - in some kind of way, not even real communication, responding somehow? I've seen that. Felt it."

Artificial limits that were too clean to be anything but deliberately crafted. Challenges that responded to my thoughts. Rewards that aligned with my will. The interactions with Leet. The feeling I sometimes got when I got deeply involved in my challenges, that feeling of standing in the shadow of a mountain that I can never see. Nothing that registers in the senses, but the sense of something vast towering over me remains.

And, of course... "Your own power is an example of that. I said it earlier, didn't I? I'm the director of the power. So, where's the brain - the intermediary - doing the part that you would have done in person? The intelligence that decides what to do, even if I didn't know that it needed doing?" I make a gesture at the flowers in her hand. "You know, my partner-in-crime - we had a similar oddity at first. I'd get a slightly different power expression than what she had. I could delegate part of the power to something I controlled, but she controlled everything in an area around her. But, eventually - she found a way to copy what I'd done. Found a new aspect of her powers that she'd never been aware of before - or perhaps, didn't have before I'd come along. So, I wonder if it might be the same for you. What happens if you just let your power run? Take a step back from the micromanaging and let your power loose - see where it runs?"

She shakes the flowers in my direction. "I'm not doing that. This entire conversation, I've been telling you that I have these rules for good reason - were you even listening or was it all a waste of time?"

"I was hearing the words, but not listening. You see, I'm not giving you the choice of hiding back in your shell and hiding from yourself. Things are going to change. Not just because I'm not going to restrain myself from using what is blatantly, obviously your power - which is going to direct some amount of attention your way. But also because your situation isn't right. It isn't sustainable. So I'm just going to be the bad guy. I'm going to make a scene - and if you want to keep things quiet, and keep my identity safe too, then you'll have to cover my tracks." I grin impishly. "Let's start with another batch of clearly-unnatural flowers." I shape another twig in my hands. "You were calling my other ones fraudulent, so I'll try harder." I offer her a rose. "How's this?"

"Realistic colours doesn't make it any more functional under the hood." She shakes her head. "Why- what are you even doing this for?" She blursts out. "What do you want from me? And- what do you mean, keep your identity safe - that's your problem, not mine! Just because this area is quiet doesn't mean you can take risks like this without a mask on-" Another flower. "-stop giving me flowers!"

I start weaving another after plucking a nearby flower. Some kind of rainbow theme for this one? Making them stand out as obviously-supernatural on close inspection was the point. If Amy wanted to keep a low profile on this little walk... she'd have to turn them back to a less flamboyant shade at the very least. "I want you to use your power. Whatever you like. Try destroying them completely. Try turning them back into sticks. Try blending them into a perfect copy of the real flowers around us now, to the extent that you could plant it back in the ground here and nobody would ever realise it was originally something else." I stretch my arms upwards. "And the whole time, just watch for your power doing something you didn't want it to do. Test it. It should be an easy argument to win, right? You break the rules, your flower grows teeth and starts trying to eat me - I look like an idiot and you can go back to the self-pity party."

"It's not a self-pity party." She grouches. But the annoyed look on her face soon turns to begrudging concentration. The flowers in her hand bend and twist into each other to form a circlet. The stems morph, first into a single weave - then the outer layer literally blossoms, turning entirely white as an array of flowers erupts all around the outside. Then, as quickly as the change happened - it scatters. The entire product drifting apart in the wind like dandelion seeds.

"That was a nice display." I comment softly. I tilt my head at her. "How did it feel?"

She stays silent for a time. "Easy." She says, finally. "It was easy."

"And those seeds, I'm assuming the entire city will still be here tomorrow?" It's not a serious question.

"They weren't seeds. Just a convenient, familiar way to disperse it without making a mess or needing to hide anything. It will all break down into base sugars no matter where it drifts to, whether an animal eats it or it just drifts on the wind until it disintegrates." She sounds distant. "It was... really, really easy." She repeats herself again, almost sounding a little defeated. "Maybe you were right about some things. I feel like... my power jumped at the chance to show off, once I stopped focusing so much. I was still looking for mistakes, obviously-" She hastens to add, as if worried I was about to berate her. "-a product that might be too viable if a piece broke off between changes, a stray seed, the wrong genetic traits. I was careful. But-" She trails off.

"But it wasn't as bad as you thought?" I suggest. "You didn't have to wrangle it into not becoming a super vine monster intent on destroying the city?"

She shoots me a dark look. "No, but I still could have done that." She insists.

"And I could go and shoot the mayor. I could move to Africa and start living out my warlord fantasies. I could go back to the hospital right now and start breaking legs and handing out cancer to undo everything I did while I was there." I shrug. "What does that mean? Nothing."

"It's not that simple." Panacea denies sourly.

"It's exactly that simple." I affirm. "This isn't the profound ethical conundrum that you want it to be. This is as black and white as it gets. If you don't trust my word for it, we can go ask anyone else. Members of the public? A hero of your choice? Your own family? I guarantee that everyone is going to agree with me on this one." I cross my arms. "Name one person who would disagree. Literally anyone, and I'll admit that I was wrong."

She doesn't answer. Can't answer. She knows I'm right. "They don't have a clear picture of the situation. Their opinion doesn't count. Even you're only sitting there telling me that I'm great because you still, still don't get exactly how fucked up I am."

"I think I've got a better idea than anyone else in the world right now." I tell her.

She raises an eyebrow. "You think so?"

"I know so." I nod. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you give off similar vibes to- a friend of mine. The loner type, I figure you don't have a best-friend you can trust with secrets like this. I'm the best you've got on that front. Awesome taste on your part, by the way." I send her a thumbs-up as she rolls her eyes, but doesn't deny my words. "And you obviously didn't tell your family because they'd have told you everything that I've been telling you right now. Apart from the bits about stopping healing and becoming a billionaire. Or about the bits where you should practice making pet abominations and mini plagues. Or the bit about how all your problems are self-inflicted. They'd have been nicer about it, I think."

"Maybe some of them." Her mouth twitches. "And when you lay it all out like that, you're really just acting as the devil on my shoulder in this scenario, aren't you?"

"Too good-looking to be the devil."

She considers me for a moment. "Sure, hard to argue with that."

I blink. Wasn't expecting that response. Not without clearing her next challenge, at least. Where did that come from? Why?

I struggle to find words to fill the silence for a moment, an issue she apparently shares. We've stopped walking, hanging around next to a tree near the fenceline sealing off the park from the rest of the city. Amy seems to start to say something, only to stop herself at the last minute - shrinking back on herself and turning her focus to the remaining flowers in her hand. I idly watch her work, watching small vines grow and wrap around her wrist - then loop back and around her hand, slowly forming a latticed structure that flexes alongside her as she clasps her hand.

Seems like she's taking some of what I said on board. Fine. Silence it is. I'll take it as a win, and I'm not exactly opposed to just... hanging around. It's a nice area of town to laze around in anyway. There were definitely parts of town where I wouldn't want to walk around in the afternoon like this, areas where foot traffic or CCTV coverage was a bit too high to try and 'lay low' like I was now - but Brockton General was nestled in the comfy area of town where the Protectorate pretended they were in charge, and the closest gang territory belonged to the Empire anyway. And there's a lot you can criticise the Nazis for, but they keep a tighter grip on their members in the 'better off' areas of town. Not out of the goodness of their hearts, but the simple fact that their rich donors and half their membership tended to live there. Don't shit where you eat, something like that.

And if she was going to silently work on her own powers, then it seems appropriate for me to do the same. There's her challenge box. Already at zero again. Definitely like Leet, except it hadn't wanted to just hand me the win this time.

That's fine. I'm happy to take it. "Challenge."

I repeat the 'cleanup' of the closest NPCs. Although, I was really just looking for an exact repeat of last time - which never got to that point in the fight, except this time I'd have my ash clone grab a different brain when it gets the first ambush out.

I start the dance with Amy again. This was good practice for fighting a high-tier all-rounder Cape. A tutorial mode, almost. So many of my opponents had been made strong because of the scenario, or the modifiers, or the preparation that they'd gotten before I arrived or just the way the challenge perfectly suited their powerset. I had very little real experience against people that were just... naturally elite. Lung. Armsmaster. Dauntless. All-rounders who would expect to defeat me at all ranges, out-stat me across the board, have better tricks than me and that was before the challenge modifiers and scenarios got involved. Amy wasn't quite that level of Cape. Too flawed. The obvious weaknesses left in her... situation, kept the difficulty from getting absurd. But how much of that was just sentiment holding her back? If she didn't feel the need to preserve the brains, felt comfortable just salvaging the powers into some flesh abomination like Bonesaw would have done... that would be different.

Like I said. Tutorial for those elite Capes. Having to work around the instant win-condition of her touching me when I wasn't using her power, dealing with her being faster than me, having an advantage at range, having more reach in melee, having better defensive options - and my advantages are simple raw combat experience, the fact that I know her powers while she doesn't know mine, her own mental instability and anger - and also the fact that the critical design flaw that would depower her was left in the final 'product'.

The bait goes smoothly. Almost beyond expectations, actually. My ash clone pulls one brain cleanly away - and almost gets another with a trailing, still-forming limb - but has to abort at risk of impalement.

Another underhand throw, just the same as the last. I dissolve the brain instantly as it touches me - earning a cry of horrified shock and disbelief from my target. I consider her for a moment, then grin. "You don't seem that mad, relatively speaking. Must have been another Pelham? That's cold." I duck under a spear hurled in my direction, and phase through a half-dozen blasts of light as my ash clone respawns and occupies the knight to force her to halt the attack. Notably, she doesn't try to disperse the knight this time - or even try to match it blow for blow. "Manpower, then? Lucky me. Tell me, did he know that you were going to waste his life like that? Did he volunteer to leave his family behind, or did you decide that for him?"

"Fuck you!" She screams. Ah. That's better. I was worried when she was being quiet earlier, but maybe that was just me not saying the same things when she entered the scene. Not as articulate as I'd hoped... but I guess there wasn't much to banter about after killing someone. A bit of a moodkiller.

I bat an extended hand aside, watching her expression shift from triumph to despair at the brief moment of skin contact - my hand stings briefly as if burned, but keeping Panacea's power active in these close exchanges is a simple habit to maintain, her power is too slow and too weak when 'blocked' by my own version.

It's a tactical move on my part to show that off early, if she keeps trying - particularly in combination with other attacks, I might be forced to burn more defensive abilities. If she's in contact with me and I need to drop her power to enter the shadow state or resummon my ash clone or activate literally any other power, I'll be knocked unconscious the second I switch. I need to discourage her from thinking that her own power is a viable option to hit me with - and leaning on her imperfect knowledge is the best way for me to do that. She doesn't know that, technically, I can only have one active slot at any one time - she's learning all of this for the first time, if every time we touch, I'm 'immune' then she might just assume that this particular defence is always active regardless of what I'm doing.

That didn't work as well before, when Manpower's ability was active. Having an all-rounder Brute effect active meant that she always had a reason to engage in fisticuffs. But without that, only Glory Girl's shield gave her any advantage in using her fists over her ranged blasts and Brandish's weaponry - and while those were still dangerous, it wasn't the type of attacks that made things hard for me, but the speed with which they came. Without Manpower, I was confident that I could cycle my defensive powers well enough throughout her assault to outlast her.

Especially because the revival of my knight goes ignored by her.

Not looking behind you? Lazy, Amy. For a fourth level challenge, it's a glaring weakness. Being the only member of your family to avoid combat is costing you here - you might be fast, but there's more to a fight than physical stats. I just need to find the right moment to exploit it, without giving away the fact that the knight is active again just behind her. The knight isn't quiet, so any real movement will be obvious - but that just means that I need to give her something else to think about.

And that's a lot easier to do now that she had one less defensive power to lean on.

A glowing hand points in my direction. Laserdream. I disappear into the shadow state again to let the flurry pass me by, eliciting a frustrated noise from Amy in response - the girl not realising that simply sustaining that attack for a few more seconds would have taken me down. Imperfect information works both ways in these challenges.

As I recover, I take a moment to quietly scoop up some pebbles from the road nearby as she creates another of Brandish's weapons. It said something about how confident I was getting against her, that this kind of multi-power approach was something I was starting to consider one-note and repetitive. Perhaps because she wasn't using the powers as well as their original owners, or perhaps because no matter the advantages given to her - she was still an amateur. An overpowered one, but an amateur all the same.

She surges forward, opting for a double-bladed axe as her weapon of choice - speed boosted by a flight power in the absence of Manpower as an option. I hurl the handful of pebbles at her as she approaches, freezing one in place by my fist and immediately making a straight punch into the air to set up an Echo. She doesn't dodge the hurled pebbles, she didn't need to - Glory Girl's forcefield might be exploitable, but there was a reason her weakness had gone unknown for so long - it came back fast. Even the half-second it took for her to reach me would be enough to have it active again, so there's no reason for her to be concerned even if one of the pebbles had exceeded the minimum level of strength to shatter it - which was not even guaranteed.

What was guaranteed, was that the shield would be shattered if she crashed into a tiny, time-locked object when travelling faster than a speeding car. If I'd timed my Echo hit perfectly, I might even have scored a lethal blow with that, but the timing is just slightly off - I have to settle for my Echo slamming into her face as she attempts to block my own fist with Shielder's power. A hit stronger enough to stun, but that wasn't enough to win.

No. The winning move comes from behind, as a quick application of Vista's power shrinks the empty air between our current position and the knight as much as I can. I kick Amy in the shin to drop Glory Girl's shield again as it returns-

-and a slab of metal, asphalt and fury as tall as I am slams into the back of Amy's spine like the hammer of an angry god. I actually burn a shadow state charge to not get hit by her flying body as she sails up and past me - landing across the road like a broken wreck.

The challenge doesn't end, and I don't wait for it to do so. I sprint towards her fallen body. The knight follows behind me.

"I-" Sickly yellow arms emerge from under her robes, the same colour as the 'sac' that had seemed connected to the brains the last time I'd gotten a clear view of it. Amy floats upwards, then around to face me - a complicated expression on her face. "-I'm too weak-"

I click my tongue in annoyance as she floats directly upwards. I strip down further, forming another football to use. I could only hope that the blow from my knight had smashed the brains of Glory Girl and Shielder - I only had one ranged option, so I needed both of those powers to be gone to kill her with the football. But, even if I wasn't that lucky... I was pretty confident that I could just wait for her to run and chase her across the city in the speed state until she burned out the powers of whoever she was using to fly. As long as I didn't let her slip away completely and hide, I should win here. Just had to stay close.

Amy half-spins to face me. Was she paralysed with that hit? I wasn't seeing a lot of movement below the neck, just what those spindly pseudo-limbs were doing and her use of flight powers to move around. Would have been better if she'd died, but it was nice to firmly hold the advantage for once.

Although, I wasn't entirely happy to see that she was leaning back on her original power more - I'm pretty sure that she hasn't used it to its full potential this fight, perhaps limited by the constant need to use it to maintain the system keeping the rest of New Wave alive. But I suppose, as I've killed more - she needs that less. I don't really want to let her get creative for an extended time period, keeping her clumsily playing around with powers that weren't her own was probably safer.

"S-so-" She gasps out. "I'm sorry-" One sickly arm pulls a brain clear from her robes. After a second, it starts to glow - and she hurls it towards me. "-I need to win, no matter what-"

I raise Glory Girl's shield, then mentally reconsider as glowing orbs seem to drip out from the brain as it flies - five, ten, twenty. Flashbang's explosive orbs. Perhaps she hadn't found a way to propel the power outwards, merely activate it - so she sets it to overdrive and uses it as a grenade. A cluster grenade, more specifically.

I activate the shadow state, and then, after a moment of indecision - hurl myself down into the ground. It wasn't my preferred use of the power due to how painful getting shunted out of a solid object was when the state ran out, but the powers of New Wave had been fairly mixed so far on how they interacted with the shadow state - and if the incoming explosions were a type of energy that affected the shadow state, rather than just kinetic force and light, the best way to avoid that was to be five feet deep into the ground where electricity struggles to travel when everything explodes.

And everything does explode. I'd been expecting three consecutive seconds of darkness and confusion, before a surge of pain as my shadow state forcefully kills my momentum and relocates me back to the surface - inflicting it's own brand of punishment on my body as the cost of the 'teleportation' to the nearest safe area. Instead, as I cast the third charge of the shadow state - I find myself in the open-air again. At the centre of a rapidly-expanding crater, the shockwaves from explosions further away from me still hammering me despite my current existence as a cloud of smog. My ash clone winks out of existence despite it's best attempt at finding shelter. Fairly sizable cooldown on that now.

My feet touch solid ground after a moment of falling. I couldn't even see buildings around the edge of the crater I'd found myself in - only the hints of smaller dents and sub-craters where smaller explosions had occurred. Flashbang's power was not that strong - not in real life.

But perhaps this was just the natural result of someone taking a system, and removing all of the safeties. No thoughts, no rationality. Reducing a Cape down to nothing but a held-down trigger and a firing chamber. It still feels baffling, coming from Panacea - but it starts to make more sense when you stop considering her as a Striker, and more as a Tinker that happens to manipulate with her hands rather than with machines. That's the only way to explain Flashbang.

"Still alive." Amy's voice drifts down to me, voice raw with grief - but an expression filled by a soft, mad smile. "Of course. After taking everything else from me, you wouldn't want to leave the job unfinished."

"Not for lack of you trying. I didn't know you could modify power's quite like that." I call out. "Shame you killed him in the process though."

She doesn't take the bait. Doesn't come charging in with whatever powers she has left. She just smiles again. "Yes, well. Maybe it was always going to end like this. I held onto them out of hope... but, there wasn't really a plan. I was an extra to the rest of them, I saved them for Vicky's sake more than anything else. It's a tragedy, but... I'll have to help her get over it."

Why does she sound enthused by that prospect?

I glance around, my football was... gone. And the shreds making up the rest of my clothes weren't exactly conducive to creating a good enough doll to work with. No ranged options, I just had to sit on the ground and wait her out. It was hard to know how long that would be, especially given the fact that she obviously had less brains to maintain upkeep for now. Still. There was a limit.

As if in response to my thoughts, something shifts under her robes. More arms moving in tandem, cradling one brain close to her chest, evidently no longer seeing a need to keep it concealed anymore - another brain is half-merged into it, seeming to melt into it with every passing second. After a moment, her flight cuts out - only for her to come to rest in the air, as if she was sitting on something instead.

"It's just the two of us now. I think it will be easier this way, in the long run." She whispers, voice barely carrying down to me. "I have you, you have me. They wouldn't have understood our love. Not ever."

"I don't know, I'm pretty persuasive-" I start, only to be silenced with a hostile, hate-filled glare.

"Silence. I wasn't talking to you, you disgusting animal." She hisses. Her gaze turns downwards, to the final brain resting against her chest. "I can't beat him alone. I tried my best. I can't do any more than this-"

I frown as a small dust cloud kicks up far below Amy. As if something had settled there that I couldn't see.

"-so, I'm sorry for everything. But, please - Vicky." Something carves through the ground, as I faintly note the trace outlines of something refracting the air around her - the outline deepening as it approaches closer, into the dust cloud filling the crater. "Save me."

Ten arms. Twenty. Thirty. Three hands bound together to protectively cradle Amy and keep her held in the air - the rest of the... thing, heaves forward, a misshapen mockery of the human form. "What the fuck is that?" I eloquently query the maddened healer.

"This?" Amy smiles down at me serenely. "This is the power of love."

I can put two and two together. So, somehow, I'm completely unsurprised when she plants a delicate, unsisterly kiss on top of the sac encasing the brain.

A little freaky.

I'm kind of into it though. The idea of it. Not the brain stuff. Just the forbidden love angle, girls kissing - the totally normal side of it.

I nod wisely. I observe the as-yet-unseen back of the creature pass itself the top-half of a building - a vast number of limbs carrying it forward until it could be wieled by one of the many, many 'front' limbs. From the shifting of the ground around me, it seems Amy is intent on trapping me in here and eventually crushing me to death.

Interesting.

But she hasn't seen my speed-state yet. She doesn't know that me standing is a requirement for it, not a sign that I've given up.

I surge in the only direction that hasn't been covered in limbs from the giant construct yet. A screech of rage from both Amy and from something distinctly and disturbingly inhuman chases me as I reveal my best Mover power. Time to run.

They give chase. But I already know the maths on this one. A normal Glory Girl, in a straight line, is just barely slower than my top speed. Glory Girl - if I can still call that thing Glory Girl - may be larger, but she's not even flying anymore and has to scramble over every car, building and corner just to follow me. The difference is massive.

But can I win by running? My original plan when first seeing her trick with the brains had been to let her exhaust them and fight her then, but that was for someone attempting to sustain seven others. Did the same limits apply for just one extra brain? One, where she'd clearly decided to sacrifice the brain matter and fluids sustaining the others to better fuel Glory Girl as well?

And what was I even looking at it? It didn't even resemble Glory Girl's power in any way. It didn't look human, and Glory Girl's forcefield isn't even supposed to be visible - even I need to work off my own understanding of when the shield should and shouldn't be up to 'know' when it was broken. It wasn't supposed to be something you could see in the distance, growing clearer with every second that passes.

The question was simple. Was that still her power? If I hit that thing hard enough, would it disappear for a moment? Would Amy tumble twenty feet through the air and break her neck if it walked into a signpost too hard? So far, the answer seemed to be 'no'.

Or, maybe, it just hadn't been hit hard enough yet.

Amy goes charging past me after I slip into a sidestreet. That works. Now then. Ranged attacks. I was missing clothes to make a football, but I could be creative. Clockblocking a large enough rock, absolutely coating it in Skidmark's arrows - that would make an incredibly powerful rocket, albeit one on a timer that I couldn't control and with some difficult aim to say the least.

Amy's still rampaging nearby. Looking for me. That's good. I might be able to time an ambush around a corner if I time it right, and I didn't need to stay too close to the firing area either. I check my ash clone. Almost done with the cooldown.

...the air is spicy.

And my legs are weak. I stare at the gravel in front of my face for a moment, wondering how I got to this position. I can't think-

I slam Panacea's power into my active slot. Something burns on my tongue, on my nostrils, as the power does something that I can't even grasp - not even waiting for instructions before it surges to take action.

I lay there for a while. I don't feel better, not right away. But I stop feeling worse. What was that? Chemical warfare? Poison? It was good to know that Panacea's power could protect me from ingestion on that front, but the sickly feeling and double-vision proved that I couldn't use it to recover once it was already inside, just to stop anything else from entering my body. Still useful to know. It just meant that I couldn't release this power until I got to safety.

The consistent cycle of something burning on my tongue and Panacea's power repeatedly sallying-forth without my input proved that there wasn't much safety to be found. I can slowly heal by using the shadow state, but this was... suboptimal. I'd need to find a gas mask or something. Or rely entirely on my ash clone when I was able to resummon it.

I spend a minute cycling through my shadow state and immediately reselecting Panacea's power. Not having much effect. Maybe because Sophia's power was better at physical wounds, or maybe because I was phasing right back into the chemicals - or whatever this was - and re-incorporating more of it back into my body.

Fuck. Did I really lose at the very last hurdle? The thought is frustrating. Just a small change in angle when my knight hit Panacea and she'd have lost her head, or been knocked closer to me so I could have finished her off. If my original ash clone had grabbed Glory Girl's power instead. If I'd ever given the original idea of fighting her to exhaustion first a fair shot, rather than jumping at the realisation that I could immediately cripple her out of the gate - which pushed her in a corner before her powers were depleted. I had plenty of chances to win here, even if I wasn't actually upset about my performance.

It was fine. I hadn't lost anything. I'd still have another challenge even if Amy started walking home right now, and that didn't seem likely.

But it still felt like I'd let myself down. Losing to new tricks wasn't new, it was a core part of the experience with my power - but at a certain point, I should see a new trick and then just win anyway. It wasn't like Amy was actually a strong fighter. I knew the optimal plan, I just didn't follow through with it because I got cocky - thought I would win through better execution and combat experience because I thought I'd seen every trick she had. It might be fine here, now - but in real life, I would be dead.

Footsteps. Not the thundering footfalls - or handfalls? - of Amy's pet monster. An NPC? I push myself up to a sitting position, cursing quietly as my head spins from the motion. An NPC stares at me. Looks directly at me. Which was odd, all on its own. The blank, drooling expression was also strange.

Then he tilts his head back and screams, unearthly and unnatural. I lunge at him, swapping my power away just long enough to summon my ash clone and gift it Mush's powerset - then right back to Panacea before I became a victim to whatever was in the air. I bludgeon the NPC, which stops screaming only long enough to try to bite me instead. More disconcertingly, I still hear screaming - another voice nearby, then another. Like a hunting call. Or a signal. I grimace as I take in the rabid expression on the man's face, the unseeing eyes, the lack of regard for his own life.

Guess she wasn't kidding about the zombie apocalypse example. Just needs a few weeks to rot the flesh a bit, and it would be right on theme - although using the air as a distribution vector was definitely cheating. I snap the NPC's neck after a brief moment of struggle, it doesn't have the intelligence to try and defend itself anymore - almost seeming confused as it drops to the ground.

Too late though. I was listening for the heavy crashing noises in the distance to see if Panacea would return to find the cause of the commotion, and thought that I was safe from their absence.

"Flying is cheating." I grouse as I look upwards. Amy seemed pleased, smiling once again. 'Glory Girl' was back to her translucent state, only visible enough to highlight that this time, every exit was blocked. My knight idly attempts to destroy a limb that approaches it, only resulting in the limb vanishing - another surging out from some kind of central mass just behind Amy. Couldn't destroy the whole thing at once like that. Great. "Fine. You win this round." I raise my hands in surrender. "Go ahead, victory is yours - at the low, low cost of almost your entire family. I only wanted you, but I suppose Victoria will understand - you have nothing but time to make her into someone who will, after all."

"Yes." No denial. No reaction. No movement. Not even from the fist I could barely see directly above me, waiting like the axe of an executioner. "Oh, don't look so jumpy. I'm not going to kill you. Not after all you've done." Amy beams. "I've got so much work to do, to make sure everyone can accept the new Vicky and I - and I think it's only right that your power is used for its proper purpose, don't you think? A bit of redemption for you after a lifetime of murder and violence. I'll use your abilities for good, undoing everything you've built - and then, when I've done enough, I'll give you to Vicky as a wedding present. I'm sure by then she'll have some beautiful ideas for what to do with the person who took her family from her."

Oh. Hell no. I consider the limbs surrounding me, ready to restrain at a moments notice. My knight, still free - but lacking in material. Enough to kill me? Maybe not in a single hit. Not with Panacea right there, ready to save me from anything that didn't immediately take me to the success screen. If I could make the knight big enough discretely-

-or, make myself take more damage. I smile to myself. Finally, an upside to Velocity's power making me as durable as wet paper. I shift into the speed state. My knight adopts a ready stance as if prepared to attack. Amy adopts an amused expression - only for that expression to turn to rage as the knight swings in my direction instead of towards the giant construct again.

The funny thing about the speed-state's reduced durability is that it also, simultaneously, has better durability baked into it. Just because a punch might rip through me way worse than it would at normal speed, I can also just lean away from it as it hits me - distribute the force better. It was telling that I'd noted how bad getting hit was in this state despite being able to mitigate attacks like that.

And with me, in this one case, deciding not to do that? Deciding to tank the slab of wood, metal and waste head-on as it converges around me without doing anything to reduce it at all? I may as well have been made of air. I practically disintegrate on contact as the knight slams down on me, just in time - as my ash clone is effortlessly murdered and the knight follows just the briefest instant later.

FAILURE​

Nice try, crazy bitch.

I'm mildly curious about what would have happened. There was no DNGR modifier, so either I would have been okay in the end... or that just indicated that there would, eventually, have been an end to the suffering. That it wasn't a truly eternal loop or something that would follow me outside of the simulation. I didn't have enough examples of that modifier to check, and it was the worst one to investigate anyway - for obvious reasons.

But I'm not going to find out. Not in that challenge. I'll never let it hit that stage again. I know the exact locations of three of the brains now. I know that Glory Girl wasn't on the back, because she'd have been destroyed when my knight hit that area. With that, and the knowledge that there was a special place in Amy's heart for Vicky - it stood to reason that Glory Girl was the centre-front brain. I'd grab that next time, and victory would be mine - either through a longer, drawn out fight - or through simple blackmail.

"Hey, Void. Come here a second." Amy calls out to me.

"Why do people keep dropping off the Cowboy part." I grumble. "I'm not some random edgelord calling myself Void like half the rest of the internet. Cowboy. It's quirky. Iconic. The mix of imagery makes you think."

"If you say so, Void." She smirks at my scowl, then smooths her expression out - hands coming up to touch my cheeks.

"Hm?" Not objecting, but I'm not used to being inspected like this either.

"You know, I actually really appreciate having you around. As a power copier. At first I thought - 'great, someone to share the suffering with'. But, you really do see the best in me for some reason. You might actually do something with my power. Indirectly, I might actually end up doing good through you."

"Do we have to have this argument again?" I half-complain.

"No. I was just- just appreciating this while it lasts. Having someone hear me out like that, still believe in me anyway - without flinching away. It was nice." She draws a breath in. "But it can't really last."

And then her lips slam into mine.

My first thought isn't on how it feels, or even how to respond. It's just abject confusion. For all that I was just about to clear the fourth challenge and gain that relationship boost, I hadn't cleared it yet. I was still operating just off of a single boost. And yes, I could somewhat understand this happening with some people that I'd really bonded well with - I'd really just spent most of the last hour in real life alternating between praising her, bullying her and calling her life traumas the result of a skill issue on her part. I don't see how any semblance of a relationship forms out of that.

But that doesn't last long. I can go with the flow sometimes. Pretty girl kisses you for no clear reason? Kiss her back, worry about the problems later. And Amy was pretty. Not, like, supermodel pretty - although that would probably change as I kept winning challenges - but pretty enough to still be called attractive when standing in the same room as her sister. Who was, certainly, supermodel-pretty.

Amy pulls away after a few seconds, considering me with a straight face for a moment. "That was nice."

"Thanks?" I'm a little lost. "Came out of nowhere, but you're welcome to do it again if you like?"

"Hm." She sighs. "It was nice." She repeats. "And, if I had to pick a guy, it would definitely be you. Even if you're taken. But, honestly - I just wanted to see what it would feel like."

"Pretty good, I'd hope? I've had a lot of practice." I volunteer the answer.

"I can tell." She responds drily, but there's a dead look in her eyes. "But, I was hoping it would be something more. Something that would help me feel like I could be normal." She leans forward, any sense of humour gone from her face. "But the truth is, I spent the entire time wishing that you were my sister instead."

I blink. Oh. I guess I got to her earlier, with how I've been acting. Now she's trying everything to convince me that she's crazy and unsaveable. Trying to scare me off.

Jokes on her. Maybe having feelings for her sister is a deep, traumatising problem for her. But it just sounds hot to me. "You know what's crazy?" I respond with a bemused lilt in my voice. "I was just thinking the exact same thing."

She blinks slowly. "No. I don't mean that I wanted you in the family. I mean, I wish that you were my sister, Victoria Dallon - and that I was kissing her instead of you-"

I nod. "Yeah, I got it. Makes perfect sense. I'm not saying this to be rude to you, but your sister is a total bombshell and I'd trade up to her in a heartbeat."

Amy nods firmly in agreement before catching herself and scowling. "You're missing the point. I love her. Not in a sisterly way, I mean I literally want to plant my head between her thighs and have her screaming my name until she's hoarse-"

"I get it. I really do. The image is firmly in my mind, trust me." I assure her. "I know you're thinking, 'that's disgusting I'm so terrible' but honestly, that's just playing into my personal fantasies so you won't get any judgement from me."

"How- how are you just moving past this?" She seems momentarily stunned. "You don't have to pretend, I know it's wrong. I know it's sick. She's my sister, it's living proof that there is something completely and utterly wrong with me."

"It isn't that serious, is it? It just means you're a le- uh, bisexual?" I pause over that. I think that's right. I don't think her actions with me were purely experimental, and she seemed to be checking me out earlier. "And you have great taste. I mean, she's easily one of the hottest people around and her costume really shows her body off as well - like, it pretends to be pure and angelic but really it's just thighs, ass and upskirts everywhere everytime she moves."

Amy nods again in complete understanding. Then stops herself again. "You're just saying all of that because you don't want to back down from everything you said before. All of that stuff I was saying about being able to change minds, wanting to change people - that was about her. Everytime she holds me, thinking I'm her beloved, innocent little sister - I'm one stray thought away from making myself the only person she cares about in her life. That's not a normal way to act around your family. I grow up with her, that's fucked up to even think about."

"Well." I make a dismissive gesture. "It is what it is." I can't really talk on that front.

"What does that even mean?" She deadpans. "It's incest!" She throws her hands up in the air as she turns away. "Whatever. I thought you'd take this seriously, that you'd finally appreciate that I'm just not normal - and it's just a joke to you."

"It's not a joke to me." I stop her. "I just don't really think it's a problem. You're attracted to the most attractive girl near you. That's pretty normal. Who cares if you're blood-related in the end? It's not like you're having inbred kids if you're both girls. I mean, maybe you could - but, that isn't what you were thinking, right?"

"No!" She gives me a look. "And we're not blood-related."

"Huh?" I look at her blankly.

"I'm adopted. I can see DNA and I don't match with anyone in the family, I don't know who my real parents are and Carol won't talk about it." She explains.

"PHO was right? I argued with that guy for nine pages, he'll never let me live this down-" Fuck that. Tattletale was right. I kind of thought she was still making things up at that point, even if there was a fair amount of logic to it. Marquis then? Not that I was supposed to know that. "Wait." I talk to myself for a moment. "Hang on, this isn't even really incest then - you just want to fuck your roommate. That barely even counts as a fetish anymore."

"What? No. She's my sister!" Amy insists. "DNA has nothing to do with it. I was raised with her-"

"Fraud." I accuse.

She stares at me blankly. "What."

"Fine, fine. We'll call her your 'sister'." I drop the air quotes deliberately. "But, still. This is barely even a real problem anymore. You can't even have inbred babies no matter how much you mess around with your power, your attraction is totally normal, you have great taste and-" I pause. "-I've just realised. With you kissing me - and being interested in fucking your sister - we're 50% of the way towards a threesome that would make everyone happy."

"Huh?" Amy looks completely lost.

That was always going to be the longer-term goal for me, I just never even fantasised about the idea that it might be a team goal. A team effort, even. "Well. All I have to do now is cuck your sister away from that Dean guy, get her interested in a threesome with you - you act surprisingly interested - and then all of us will be happy. Makes sense, right? Glory Girl probably won't even notice how oddly enthusiastic you are about cleaning her up afterwards."

"That- that isn't what I-" She shakes her head. "I'm not signifying that with a response. And, Dean- no. My sister is dating Gallant. I don't know who Dean is-"

"No, Gallant is the cover story after your sister got snapped snogging the guy out the back of Arcadia. They just didn't want a normal guy to get that kind of attention so they made a big public 'relationship' to keep the heat off of the real one-" I note how Amy seems oddly stiff. "Oh." I click my tongue against the roof of my mouth. "I see. Audacious. You know, I did think I got banned off of that thread faster than usual before I'd even said anything too bad - but they really just kind of outed the guy and assumed that nobody would catch on, huh? I guess it worked, but - wow."

"I didn't say that." Amy lies. Cute. She really tried. "I'm just saying, it's public knowledge and well-documented-"

"Yeah, I get it - I get it. Gallant, huh." I nod to myself. "But that relationship of theirs - the arguments everyone talks about. Those are still real? They break up for a bit, they get back together a few days later? That's a regular thing?"

"I- yes. With Gallant, that is a thing. Not with anyone else." Amy shuffles. "How is this relevant?"

I grin at her. "Well. It means that for a good chunk of the year, your sister is open for the right guy to swoop in as a rebound. And, well - I'm available."

"No you aren't." She half-glares at me. "You don't realise the level of detail I can see in your body. Your sexual history may as well be an open book to me. She can do better than you, and she's happy with Gallant - I won't help you break them up."

"Most of my partners are aware that there are other people somewhere in the picture, and the rest don't care." I wave that part off and tick points off on my fingers. "If she was happy with Gallant, they'd never break up. She can't do better than me, I'm the best guy around. I don't need to break them up, I just need to... be around when they do. And, most importantly - I don't need your help. I'd try to hook up with Glory Girl no matter what happened today, that was always going to happen. It's just, now I know that when I do - I'll have an audience member off to the side, eagerly waiting for the moment that she's invited to join in."

Amy looks poleaxed. Stunlocked. Gobsmacked. "I-" She swallows drily, tongue wetting her lips before she speaks. "I didn't talk about this to recruit you, I don't want pity, or help - it was just to illustrate how fucked I am-"

"And you failed. Wanting to fuck Glory Girl is the most normal thing in the world, I think it makes you seem a little more human actually - rather than this weird saint spending all of her time poking ungrateful bastards in hospitals for fun." I place one hand on her chin. "Trust me. I really can't judge. You're sitting there worrying about how you have the ability to fundamentally change someone to like you more on a whim, and having a crisis despite never using it. But I think if you put that kind of power in the hands of an average guy, they wouldn't really worry about the moral side of it that much. They'd just do it. Human nature."

She tilts her head. "Even you?"

"If Glory Girl was my roommate for literal years, was as touchy-feely with me as she obviously is with you and I could rewire her love me with a touch?" I shake my head. "Mandatory breeding session every night. No question about it."

"Don't talk about my sister like that." She attempts to mock-glower at me, as if this whole conversation wasn't her idea.

"Why, getting wet?" She attempts to stomp on my foot in response to that. I dodge, and surge forward - pressing her back against the tree. "Don't be like that, you should be cheering me on the entire way. After all, I'm the only path you'll ever have to getting close to her. Gallant, even if you suggested it to him - even if your sister somehow agreed... he seems like the type to politely turn you down. Maybe some spiel about finding the right person yourself. I wouldn't do that to you. I won't rest until both of you are swapping my cum with your tongues, until both of you have mastered the art of pleasuring each other just as well as me. You'll get to see what your sister looks like when a real man is fucking her into a mess, not just as a distant observer or a witness to the aftermath - but as an active participant. And you'll thank me for it every step of the way."

Her face is red, failing to meet my eyes as she breathes heavier than usual. "You sure have a lot of ideas for someone who has never even said a word to my sister before. I'm sure a lot of guys think they could do the same."

"A lot of guys aren't me. I've got better credentials. You said something about seeing my sex life? It should be self-explanatory if it's as comprehensive as you claim." I lean in. "And besides, I've got my girl on the inside - eager to help me succeed." She startles for a moment, and I continue in a soothing voice. "Not asking for much, and nothing from your power. Just a reason for an introduction, a bit of exposure now and then - it isn't like I'll be able to do anything immediately. Certainly not when the whole Gallant thing is stable. But if you happen to introduce your fellow healer Cape in passing as you get picked up from the hospital, or talk about me enough that she gets curious about the man who has managed to attract her sister's attention... then that wouldn't be suspicious at all, would it? And Vicky would never expect that your goal in such a casual introduction would be for her to end up as such a slut for my cock that she thinks nothing of sharing it with you."

"Vicky, Gallant - they're both heroes. It wouldn't be right." The reluctant voice says it all. It isn't a convincing argument. She wants me to tear it apart.

"What does that matter? We're not doing anything villainous. Not even anything morally wrong. They won't be together when I make a move-" Maybe. I wouldn't wait personally, if I had to make Gallant a cuck I would. But saying that wouldn't help the argument. "-is there any rule or law against making a move on a newly single lady? No. Regardless of our motives, it's strictly consensual dating, into a consensual sex life into a consensual threesome. There isn't even anything remotely dubious about it, save for the fact that Gallant would have tried to get her back eventually - so maybe you would feel bad for your friend. But, not bad enough I would bet. Maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like in this case, you would rather be happy, than be right. Am I wrong?"

Slowly, silently, as if it's a betrayal of everything she stands for - she shakes her head.

"Good. Then we're partners towards a common goal." I affirm. "But I should make something clear."

"What is it?" She looks up at me.

I grin. "When I said I'd prefer your sister to be in your place, that's not to say I'm not interested in you. I wouldn't offer a threesome just out of pity, you're in my crosshairs too - you get that, right?"

She turns slightly pinker than before. "Obviously."

"Obviously?" I echo. "I almost can't believe I'm hearing that from little miss 'I'm so terrible and nobody should love me'. Am I just a great therapist or did you just need a bit of hope for your dreams for your ego to come back?"

"Neither of those." She looks bemused at my mock crestfallen expression. "You just aren't subtle. I see everything your body does whenever we touch, unless you're using my power. You've hornier than sin every time you look at me, which honestly doesn't mean much considering your low standards but - still. I could hardly fail to notice if I actively tried."

"A few healthy fantasies about nurses keeps the blood flowing." I concede. "Nothing wrong with that."

"I didn't say anything was wrong with it." She murmurs sheepishly. "It's... fine." Her face reddens. "If- if you want, we could- we could do something about that?"

I tilt my head. "Here? I don't mind, but even if not many people walk this way in the evening - it's a bit exposed. People could spot us from one of the main footpaths. I can find us a room-"

"I can fix that." She interrupts. As I watch, the tree swells - the branches lower, slightly multiplying. The leaves thicken, the trunk splits. In the span of just a few seconds, a healthy wall of foliage has linked up with the nearby bushes to completely cut off line of sight to the rest of the park. "Satisfied?"

"Didn't realise that you were that eager." I confess. "I'm sorry to keep you waiting."

Amy squirms a little. "I mean, the way you were talking - it was a given we'd be doing this eventually anyway, if you ever got a fraction of the way towards achieving what you intended to. So, no reason to wait - right? It's not like I dislike you or anything. I know I'm not always the most personable, but - I do appreciate you and what you've tried to do for me already. Even if V- even if that thing never goes anywhere, I'm still grateful. And, I want to show you how grateful I am."

Her lips meet mine again, her hands fumbling at my belt even as I slip a hand under her robes - primed to finger and tease at the relative amateur to all things sexual.

An amateur - I'm reminded - that has access to freeform biokinesis. Her hand ghosting over my length for the first time is unremarkable at first, but whether it's an internal decision in her head, a desire to match and respond to the growing wetness I was feeling with my teasing hand, determination to actually make me cum or simply an attempt to distract from the occasional embarrassing noise she makes as a slip an extra finger into her dripping slit - whatever the cause, she makes her move. Every sensation on my cock starts to overlap, the feeling of a half-dozen hands ghosting across it lovingly in a chaotic rhythm - every pleasure centre lighting up as her attention passes and refusing to truly disengage again. I stand swollen, painfully erect as she appears to maintain her slow, delicate rhythm - the physical movements completely at odds with the absolute turmoil she was causing with her power.

She knows. She knows exactly what she's doing here. Exactly the reaction she's causing. And she's enjoying it. The feeling of control. Of doing something interesting, something fun, with her power. I never quite hit the limit. Never quite cross the threshold into release. That was deliberate. Not the same as the blue balls of a denied release, but simply maintaining the peak before reaching that point in an impossible equilibrium. She doesn't stop. She doesn't let up.

And, just when I start to feel like I need to shift Panacea's power into the active power slot and let her know just what I thought of her games - she gently tilts me over the edge. Her other hand comes up to hover over my tip, catching the majority of my load before it can erupt all over her robes - both her hands are utterly coated in my seed instead, my own ministrations to her temporarily put on hold as she contains me.

I breathe in deeply, a sigh of relief. "That cannot be your first time doing that."

"You think I would ever have reason to try that on anyone else?" She laughs, seeming pleased with herself as she admires her cum-laden hands. "Just came naturally to me."

I narrow my eyes at her as she licks her hands clean, the mixture on her fingers transforming into something that looked closer to cake icing than anything else. And, was that a joke she just said at the end? A pun? No. Surely not. An accident.

"But-" She wriggles lightly, one newly-cleaned hand moving to her waist. "-you're not done yet, are you?" As if she doesn't know. Clothes are brushed aside as her panties slip to hang loosely around her ankles - two fingers, spreading her lower lips wide, making her intentions more than clear.

"Of course not." I respond anyway, inching forward - mindful of the shifting nature of the tree as she manipulates it again - making a more comfortable hollow for her to settle on. "Are you sure about this?"

"If you're hesitating when a half-naked girl is posing like this for you, how do you ever expect to land my sister?" The retort comes sharply.

"Touche." I concede the point. And that was that. I line myself up with her slit, pressing gently into her - before thrusting sharply to take her virginity in a single clean motion. I pause there for a moment, firstly - to mentally congratulate myself for adding to my collection. Plus one member to the harem, well done Greg. Secondly, to allow Amy to adjust to the sudden intrusion - she hadn't voiced a complaint, but her breathy gasp indicated that she wasn't entirely as ready as she had pretended to be. I hold there, filling her insides with my length - until her legs lightly wrap around my waist. Unspoken permission obtained, I pull back - extracting another miniature gasp in the process, and thrust forward again in the start of a motion that wouldn't stop until I was ready to blow.

The noises she made were adorable. Breathy moans and gasps, occasionally cut off by the need to remember how to breathe - but as the pace continues, those gasps make way for more passionate noises. She's not a screamer, but not exactly quiet either - very obviously enjoying the sensations as her hips rock against me, encouraging me to keep up the pace. I settle my hands on her hips for leverage, briefly regretting the fact that the rest of her clothes were still on the upper half of her body - and even her robes were mostly just bunched up to give me room to work. I'd love to explore her fully, tease her chest and watch her nude body squirm as I fuck her - but that would have to be an experience for another day. No matter how adventurous she was feeling, there were always going to be some limits when fucking outside.

For now, at least. Maybe when I'm the king of Brockton Bay and anyone watching is more likely to join in than complain. There's a certain appeal to the idea of taking one of my girls and making sure the world knows about it - but common sense indicates that, for now, it needs to remain an idle fantasy. It would attract the wrong kind of attention, that would get too many people looking and too many people asking questions - and perhaps not liking the answers.

For the next several minutes, the only thing audible is the sound of our hips meeting and the soft cries of the girl beneath me - a symphony that would be unmistakable to any adult passing nearby. Not that I was worried about that. If anyone came, I'd be more likely to get a pat on the back for my efforts than they were to get more than a word of objection out once they realised what we were doing. Amy might be a little embarrassed, but if I had to guess - she was probably a little more okay with the thrill of the idea of getting caught than she initially let on. She'd been keen to do this outside, even when I'd offered to find a room. Maybe it was a fetish, maybe it was her own way of countering her usual MO of hiding her real self from the world. Maybe she was just overwhelmingly horny and didn't want to wait - you do hear rumours about nurses, after all.

But whatever the reason, I was a generous guy. When Sophia wanted to be beaten to a pulp and forced to submit, I obliged. When Taylor decided that draining my balls in some dark alleyway was the best way to start off a patrol, I obliged. And now, when Amy is clearly trying a few experimental things and finding herself? I can be flexible here too.

Saint Greg, at it again.

I increase my pace as she shifts and squirms under me, feeling my own climax approach - fuelled by the writhing and twisting of the inner walls I was slamming into. Here and now, Panacea looked transformed. Gone was the look of borderline depression and bitter sarcasm, replaced by a flush of earnest excitement and growing lust. A small smile graces her features, the corners of her mouth curling upwards even as her eyes drift closed. I spare a breath to speak for a moment. "Hey. Where-"

"Inside, it's fine. I've sorted it." She interrupts breathily, chest heaving. "Just- just keep going."

I obey. I'd been pretty confident that Amy would ensure that nothing dramatic and lifechanging happened when we were fucking, but there was no reason not to check. I was taking a lot on faith here, especially after hearing about her ability to manipulate minds, melt people into puddles or zombies - depending on her mood. I could have done this entire thing with Panacea's power active, just to keep myself perfectly safe.

But this was about trust. Not only me trusting her and standing by the words I said, but also about her seeing the expression of trust from me. Knowing that I could make myself near-immune to her power, but chose not to - that would have a weight all on its own. That had meaning, a founding block of trust to build our relationship on in the future.

I'd never let another Emma happen again with someone I care about. I was keeping Amy. That meant doing things right. And if that meant accepting that her newfound willingness to use her powers more loosely than before might be tested on me, then so be it. I was perfectly fine shooting blanks. It wasn't like I wanted to get anyone at all pregnant right now, let alone Amy. And I was pretty confident that wasn't the only change - I thought I'd noticed Amy getting tighter, but I was pretty sure it was the opposite. I was pretty sure that actually, I was getting thicker - filling up Amy just a little more than I should be, standing a little taller than I feel like I usually do, a little firmer.

I didn't see the need to comment on it. As long as it didn't get silly, if she wanted to temporarily tweak things to fuck herself harder - more power to her. I was enjoying it too, a fact that she undoubtedly knows.

Her back arches and she lets out a single, sharp, girlish cry. Her legs tense, squeezing tight as her walls clench around me. I match her voice with my own, her orgasm pushing me over the edge as I empty myself into her. Again. Maybe a little more than I would expect, but if she wanted to make her first time a bit more special by ensuring that she was literally overflowing by the time I finally pull away - I wasn't going to complain. That was my girl now. And I had no intention of sharing.

One Dallon sister down, one to go.

Sorry Dean. Gallant. Whatever you prefer. I don't know when it will be, but high school romances were never meant to last anyway. I'll be making my presence known soon enough. And even if you hate me at first... you'll love me in the end too.

In other circumstances, we might have lingered there for a while - enjoying each other's presence. But, it was cooling off pretty quickly. We make ourselves presentable again, Amy returns the tree to normal after checking that nobody was nearby - and we head back the way we came, faces flushed but mood suitably upbeat.

"I'll head straight back home, I think. I'll be missed if I'm gone too long." She murmurs.

"Not calling for the taxi?" I tease.

She stiffens. "Maybe- maybe next time. I'll need to think about what to say without sounding guilty and making a fool of myself."

Damn. No Glory Girl meeting. But I could hardly complain about today's haul. "That's fair. I'll see you around, we should definitely make some efforts to deliberately meet up - even if its just being at specific hospitals around the same time."

"Of course. I'll- I'll keep in touch." She agrees.

We wave farewell to each other and part ways.

But not before I follow behind her for an extra minute. No sense wasting the opportunity. "Challenge."

This time, the exchange is quick and brutal. She charges forward, I dart left, my ash clone appears from the right - one limb barely scraping my ankle to make it an administrator with the shadow state. This time, one brain in the centre of her chest is the target - I propel myself high off of a Clockblocked rock to draw her attention, and by the time she realises the true thrust of the assault - it's too late. Victoria's brain pulses loosely in my ash clone's hand.

It isn't long before it's in mine instead. I hold it up. "Stop, or I'll kill her."

Amy stops.

"I have a proposal." I tell her. "You die, but Glory Girl lives. I use your power to put her in some stranger's body, you get rid of all of those other brains and all of that... stuff, that you're carrying around. I ask you a few questions, then you accept death - knowing that at least Victoria survived."

She screams. She rages. She pleads. She begs.

In the end, the REAL modifier defeats the LUST. Six brains are discarded, and quickly destroyed in front of a broken-looking Amy. I have her strip down, removing anything obvious she could use her own powers on. I don't offer any comment on the burning sensation on my tongue. I'd almost be disappointed if she didn't try, but having Panacea's power open to keep Glory Girl alive was already a necessity - so fending off a little biological warfare wasn't any extra trouble.

"You promised-" Amy is muted, her voice comes out in a rasp - already spent in tearful arguments to no avail. Vicky is the only one that really matters to her. The others are a bonus objective, a side quest.

"I did." I leverage the NPC closer to me. I wasn't an actual brain surgeon, nor was I convinced that the current level of my power was enough to manage an operation like this on its own - even ignoring the specific circumstances this particular brain had gone through. How long had it been missing any form of input other than what Amy had issued to it? Was there even a personality left, was it sane? Did it matter?

No. Because this was just my leverage. The idea of hope, to keep Amy talking. She was already dead.

"But you haven't answered my questions yet." I continue. "New Wave. Tell me about them. Everything. Powers. Weaknesses. Personality. Hobbies. Schedules. Fighting styles. Trivia. If you stop talking, I stop working. So. Talk."

She talks. The sun hangs low in the sky. She talks some more.

I decide I've heard enough. My knight swings it's club down on Amy. She survives. Anti-stalling measures. But that isn't enough. Not now that she's lost the rest of her acquired powers, just being strong and fast is insufficient in the face of a surprise attack and better abilities. The strike making up the 'execution' had been a condition of keeping Glory Girl alive. It had been long enough that she had forgotten the knight was even standing over her.

Amy collapses to the ground after a second hit. Dead.

"How underwhelming." I comment to myself. "Too think, all of that struggle - just because I got unlucky the first few brains that I hit."

I consider the fading world for a moment.

SUCCESS

Reward: Amy Dallon+​

"Or maybe, any of the brains I had hit would have been wrong in those earlier attempts." I consider the success screen for a moment. "I hope you got what you were looking for." I don't direct the statement to anyone. I don't get any reply.

Amelia Lavere

Villain 5/7

(PREP) (LUST) (TIME)​

I shake my head. "Fuck that." I'm done for today. I don't even want to try and work through another mess like the last few. Give me something that just punched me in the face.

Tomorrow. That would be a busy one. I'd skip school, or most of it at least. I needed my full costume from Parian, I needed to work on my Tinkertech project, I needed to put my affairs in order for Browbeat's announcement event.

And, hopefully, by this time tomorrow - I'd have so many new powers that my position in the Bay would never be the same again. No more skulking around hiding from mid-tier villains. I'd be a mover and shaker in my own right - and I wasn't talking about power classifications.

--

AN: I'm not updating the character sheet today. Looks too intimidating. I'll wait for more motivation or a moment when I'm really, really bored.

Next chapter is on Patreon and SubscribeStar. Shorter than this one, just 20K.
Last edited: Oct 29, 2025
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Supersaiyanviolet, kurotsuki007, Inconsistent and 671 others
Tamzar
Sep 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirty-One New
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Oct 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,047
Thank you for your purchase of one (1) general audience floor ticket for the main stage at City Hall at 6:30PM. Please note that the press event will be held separately before the introduction to the general public - we do not offer refunds, trade-ins or ticket reselling for this ticket. Your identity will be checked on arrival, and your belongings scanned according to our rigorous security standards. Thank you for your understanding in this matter. Please note the expected etiquette during the introduction speech, meet-and-greet and autograph-signing stages of the event-

"Greg, what are you still doing here? You're missing school." Alice peers through my doorway.

"I'm skipping today." I admit easily. I wave off the concerned expression. "Don't give me that look. It's fine. Have you seen my grades recently? I'm not missing out on anything, and I don't intend on making it a habit." Purely because of what it would do to make 'Greg Veder' light up on the system if Void Cowboy suddenly started making regular appearances during school hours at the same time that Greg Veder started a string of absences.

Not that the connection itself was the problem, it was the datapoint. Even if I was homeschooled, I'd probably avoid 'work' during those hours - my body might be a bit of a machine these days, but I was still obviously Wards-age. Someone being able to easily glean a fact like 'regularly skips classes' or 'homeschooled' was far, far too specific when it was already easy for a dedicated sleuth to approximate my height, build, skin colour and maybe even my hair colour depending on my mask of choice that day. I didn't have the PRT covering my back and importing in a dozen potential look-alikes into schools across the city on scholarships just to make that harder, it was just me.

I wasn't going to invest too much effort into trying to hide from Thinkers when some of them could blurt out my address before their morning coffee on a casual whim - but I didn't need to make it easy for the lesser ones. Or the non-Thinkers. It wasn't like you needed to be a super-genius to join the dots if you had access to the right databases. Vigilantes went largely unbothered because of the unwritten rules and the chance that a confrontation would drive them into the arms of a gang, not because it was particularly difficult to identify them with all the resources of the state available.

"It's hardly just school. You've been out lately. A lot. Even at night." I mask the wince. Spotted. "I won't pretend I'm not happy about seeing you be more social and not staying stuck at your computer all day - but I can't help but feel a little bit worried too. At your age, it's easy to get pulled in over your head if you join up with the wrong crowd-"

"I haven't joined a gang." I interrupt. Did a vigilante team count as a gang? No, probably not. "And I'm not doing drugs. Or getting drunk."

"Do you really think I have such a low opinion of you that my first thoughts would go there?" She arcs an eyebrow at me.

Yes, actually. But... then again, I didn't really know this Alice that well. Hell, I hardly even knew the old Alice - who's only redeeming feature was that she hadn't dropped me off at a foster home at some point after my father died. And even that was more likely down to some kind of financial incentive or the fear of some kind of social shame among her crowd if it became known that she'd thrown me out once he was gone, probably the former, knowing how my Dad's mind worked.

But that was old news. How much of what I knew translated to the 'new' history? Had anything on that front even changed at all, save for the fact that the Veder household was more forthcoming with details? I'd never really dug into that much, just treating the new Clara and Alice as particularly enthusiastic roommates who made my time at home more enjoyable. Occasionally considered them as minor obstacles to devoting 100% of my time towards Cape activities. Stepped in one time to fix Clara's love life. That had largely been the end of it. I'd mentally checked the household off as 'complete' and left it there unless something interesting happened or I needed something.

A familiar MO. Get laid. Take everything as a given. Trust that the bond is unbreakable. And maybe it was. Maybe it wasn't. Stumbling through my 'evil stepmother' and her daughter had been the introduction to my power, I'd hardly be impressed if my power intended to punish me for blasting through it all at once.

But that was just the gamer in me talking - the one who complained about level design and difficulty scaling when my power through a hard stage at me. Objectively speaking, the work that had been done by my power to even reach this point had been the most stark transformation of anyone that hadn't literally swapped gender. Few people genuinely hated me personally to start out with. Even Sophia's mild contempt had rarely felt personal, she hated everyone equally. Clara and Alice had despised me, and now they regularly squabble amongst themselves for the chance to drain my balls before I leave for school.

A few days ago, I'd have pointed at that as proof of my ultimate triumph - that was the peak. It didn't get better than that.

But Emma had been like that too. And that alone was proof that the peak wasn't someone following me when given a reason, but following me when given a reason not to - when friction comes up, and they side with me anyway.

Except, I didn't really know how to progress in that direction - it wasn't like Alice or Clara were dating me or anything, the nature of our relationship was simply... sexual as a sidenote. Emma had been a harsh lesson on that front - if there was a clash just big enough to remove the sex from the relationship - what was left? And when the answer had just been 'a useful tool to bully Taylor' when I was explicitly trying to make up with her, that had been the end of it. With Sophia, I had plenty to fall back on even if we stopped fucking each other. Taylor too. Even Amy.

These two? Some shared gaming experiences with Clara. Some idle conversation in the car when asking Alice for a lift. That was it.

And I could either accept that, start cutting them out of my life before I got attached, or do something about it.

"Just wanted to be clear." I drag myself from my thoughts and return to the conversation. "I know it probably looks strange-"

"Putting on muscle, coming home late, heading out late at night without wanting to say where you're going and not knowing when you'll be back, sudden sleepovers with 'new friends' - you've found yourself a girlfriend, right?" The question both is and isn't rhetorical.

"Something like that." I half-concede. "Nothing so official, though."

She frowns. "And what makes it unofficial? I sincerely hope you're not holding back on a real relationship just for mine or Clara's sake. This girl - whoever she is - deserves every bit of your attention-"

I frown back. "It's not like that. Never even considered holding back like that in the first place. Long-term, any girl that wants me is going to have to share - I make sure they all know that." That was something that sounded arrogant, but was just factual. I wasn't compromising on the harem-ending for anyone. Not Taylor, not Sophia, not Alexandria herself - I wasn't suffering through my power killing me thousands and thousands of times just to end up no better off than a hypothetical unpowered Greg Veder that started going to the gym downloaded a dating app after finishing college.

"Our situation isn't exactly easy to-" Alice pauses. "Wait. 'All'? This isn't just one girl?" I shake my head in response. "How many are we talking about here, exactly?"

I stroke my chin in thought for a moment, skipping over whether or not I should answer that in favour of actually working out the answer. Emma. Madison. Sophia. Taylor. Amy. Five. The redhead neighbour of the Dallon household. Clara and Alice. Eight. Did Leet count? What about the different people I'd 'become friends with' around Winslow without any attempt at commitment? Those times I'd saved someone as Void Cowboy and let them thank me properly? When I'd 'improved' some of the criminals I'd come up across on a whim and let them demonstrate their new skillset?

"It's hard to put a precise number on it." I brush the question off. "In my defence, the ones I was serious about - they all know that there's someone else in the picture, whether they know who any of those people are or not."

"Definitely your father's son." Was that a pout? "But, I suppose there was never much chance of it being otherwise - living here didn't exactly prepare you for monogamy, though I'm certain he didn't intend for us to get along as well as we did when he left you with us."

"Probably not." I agree blandly. "Too charming for my own good."

"And too humble and modest as well." She adds, a small smile tugging at her lips. "Just make sure you have a way to let all those girls down gently when the time comes to move on. That's where things fell apart for your father."

I turn my face towards her. "And you?"

She purses her lips. "The history is a bit complicated, but sure - by the end, bitterness and petty revenge kept us closer than love ever did. It was always more about hurting the other person than trying to move on. Not something I'm proud of, and I'm sure he felt the same at the end, but it worked out for the best eventually. I wouldn't have had Clara, and he wouldn't have come back with you."

"And what a terrible thing for the world that would be." I grin. "Feel like the moral of the story disappeared somewhere in the middle of that."

She can't deny that. "Just... try not to get any of them pregnant. It only takes one of them telling a white lie in the moment, and suddenly you've got a lifetime responsibility on your hands, maybe even with someone you didn't really intend to have any serious involvement with."

Maybe. But I'd been moderately careful early on in my Cape career - and at this point... it didn't really matter anymore. In nine months, I would be the strongest Cape in America, in the Birdcage or dead. My concerns weren't really the same as a regular horny teenager, even if our interests might overlap.

Not that I could say that. Explaining that I was a Cape might change her opinion, but I still didn't know what to expect after that reveal. I shouldn't risk that until I was ready to align myself with the heroes officially, which genuinely was on my to-do list at some point, but not something that was likely to happen soon. I didn't hate authority, I didn't hate the idea of working within that system - even working with the PR machine. I liked being popular, and getting visibly on the side of the angels in the eyes of the public was another layer of protection from people looking to 'stop' me and my power.

But I needed security as well. Safety. Whether that came from the relevant parts of that system being under my influence, having agreements with the top brass about my cooperation and what it would cost, or just being so absolutely untouchable that any opposition didn't matter.

I'm letting my thoughts drift again. Maybe it's a sign of nerves, knowing that today could be such a massive turning point for me. "I'll keep it in mind." I make a gesture at the screen. "I'll be out again later today too. Going to go see the new Ward get announced, probably won't be back until late, so don't worry too much about me."

She rolls her eyes. "I see you haven't changed too much, at least. But really, missing eating with us again? I'm starting to think it might be personal."

"It's nothing like that. It would just be a waste not to enjoy the full event if I'm making the trip, I'll eat the refreshments while I'm there - get at least a bit of the cost of the ticket back." I stretch my arms into the air as she feigns a pout. "How about this, I'm already here for the day - I'll help you cook before I leave. It's been a while, hasn't it?"

"A while might be underselling it. I don't think I've seen you near anything that isn't the oven or the toaster since you got here." She looks amused. "Where's all this confidence coming from, the fact that you don't need to be the one eating it when it goes wrong?"

"It won't go wrong, I'm better than you think." Victor's power - even nerfed as it was - ensured that. I hadn't noticed any notable drain on my acquired skills, just a soft cap based on the expertise of the people I was leeching from - so simply having it active in the cafeteria, the range just barely including the cooks in the back? That was enough.

"We'll see about that. Might be a fun activity to do together either way." She allows, stepping back through the entryway to my room. "I'll see you downstairs then, and I guess I'll let you off for skipping school this time."

I follow her down a few minutes later. I hadn't really planned on this on my schedule for today, but I didn't mind. Emma had shown that I'd taken my power for granted in some ways. Putting a bit of effort in on my end wasn't exactly the most arduous of tasks - and actually, it was kind of nice doing things that didn't involve killing or being killed on repeat now and then. And if a mildly pleasant side-quest happened to make my pseudo-family a little closer to me in the process, a little more likely to take my side when the chips finally fall? So much the better.

And even if things never reached the point where I needed that, it wasn't exactly a bad thing to act as a normal family for once.

I pause as I enter the kitchen, noting the presence of the apron on the sole occupier of the room and the distinct lack of anything else besides.

I amend my inner monologue as I saunter forward with a hum. Maybe not quite normal.

But being a complete normie was overrated anyway.


Things fall into place quickly. Alice drives me to City Hall, my ash clone takes Velocity's powerset and retrieves my completed costume from Parian. I dismiss the ash clone when it arrives nearby, discreetly resummon it directly below the car as I'm dropped off and leave it Shadow Stalker's power to retrieve and store the package safely. Naturally, I couldn't just take the costume in with me into the venue, any baggage would obviously be checked - but progressing her challenges had shown me that Shadow Stalker's power had a lot of ways to quietly store items in hollow walls that would never be stumbled upon by chance. City Hall and the surrounding area would obviously be busy tonight, but no patrolling officer was going to be so dedicated as to start knocking down holes or peering in drainpipes to ensure that there are no packages inside them.

Nor did they have any reason to. This wasn't some convoluted attack plan by me. I wasn't storing a bomb somewhere. This was just insurance. Ensuring I had a quick response option. Having the key parts of my costume to hand in case something did happen that warranted it. The costume made things official. I was a professional now - I couldn't just flip an old hoodie over my head or wrap a scarf around my face in a pinch, I needed to have standards. And until I trusted the teleporter enough to literally place my costume over my skin, having it nearby was going to be the best I could do.

And I did want it nearby. Anything could happen today. Yes, I could get caught by the Protectorate somehow, and that would be bad - but that wasn't actually my top concern. My concern was the gangs. Skidmark, reeling and furious from his recent humiliation. The Empire, despite a few of their members getting caught in the recent gang violence - they were just one big play away from being unopposed in the city save for wherever the Protectorate decided to patrol that day. Lung, the rumours were saying that he's been spotted around town - uncharacteristically silent since Oni Lee's capture. The mysterious benefactor that Leet had mentioned as hiring them to make a scene at a certain time for unknown reasons was still out there too.

With the full attention of the heroes and the media concentrated into a single place, tonight was a natural flashpoint for someone to cause a scene or get away with something while the heroes were stretched thin at an event that couldn't be allowed to go wrong - and any movement from one gang might trigger a response from the others too. I was fine with that. I was hoping for it, actually. But 'Greg' would look strange running towards a scrap between Kaiser and Dauntless if one broke out, and truthfully - I wanted that costume for my next real fight anyway. My power gave me a pretty good grasp of my own mortality, and while I'd been rightly confident against Skidmark and Squealer - I didn't want a repeat of the Oni Lee fight where I had survived the opening move only out of prior experience with his throat-slitting ways.

Not that I needed to worry about him specifically. He was still cooling his heels in jail and as dim as my expectations were that he would stay there long-term - Lung was just one guy. He could fight everyone, but he couldn't do that and extract a valuable target at the same time. He'd get bogged down, the target would be moved - and the Protectorate would eventually drive him back while the Empire carves swathes out of his territory.

But there were plenty of other killers in the bay and armour was underrated in this industry. There were Capes likely to be present at this very event that had only 'lived' in their challenges thanks to the protective features of their costumes. Gallant. Armsmaster. Clockblocker. Taylor wouldn't be around, but her too. When punches stopped meaning as much, when limbs failed to bend to breaking point because the armour simply refuses to yield that far, when the helmet is impossible to remove to make way for an eye-gouge, when I can't get the right kind of grip to grapple someone or snap their neck - those moments were always a lesson in the value of a good costume.

Maybe I was being overly dramatic. Maybe tonight would be uneventful, but this was going to be my new 'normal'. I wasn't going anywhere in my civilian identity without my costume close to hand. I'd need to duplicate it eventually, either asking Parian for more or leaning on Leet's power to 'reinterpret it', adding enough Tinker-ness to make it something I could paste into existence - something that was harder to do than I'd initially expected, my hopes of making a generic 'Tinker axe' or some convenient equivalent for regular challenges had been dashed so far by the lack of suitable designs. A basic weapon wasn't enough. It had to be Tinker-y, which added material requirements that were hard to reliably find in a challenge.

Something that wouldn't be an issue in real life. Maybe I was scamming Parian a bit by plotting to copy-paste her work with only minor modifications, but I was going to commission her again just to have an excuse to keep seeing her - so did it really matter? Piracy wasn't even a real crime in the first place.

"Ticket please." I fall into the short queue leading into the venue. I assume most people were already inside, the event was split into several stages - but I knew from experience that no heroes would show themselves until the main event, so I had no particular need to arrive too early. I breeze past security, every bit as uneventful as could be expected. I was Greg Veder, after all. Regular teenager, come to gawk at the newest Cape in the Bay. One guy in a sea of hundreds. The presence of the stern-faced armed guards scattered around the building, the protective screens, the metal detectors and random patdowns - those were deterrents for other threats. Not for me.

A year ago, I would probably have found this alarming - that someone like me could even make it this far into the venue undetected. I'd probably have said something about lazy Thinkers and precogs not caring about villain attacks because it gave them job security and better wages, or made a post about the Illuminati and how they were propping up the villain industry by giving them softball prison sentences, easy breakouts and weak security measures to contend with. Admittedly, I'd still stand by some of those takes - but I've come to accept that I have to face reality at some point. The Thinkers that I'm nervous over, the precogs that would be capable of seeing me take over the Bay in a few months... they just weren't looking for me. Maybe there were too few of them, maybe hero work just didn't pay the bills. They were busy elsewhere. Perhaps they were fighting A-class and S-class threats and schemes.

But until I made it into the big leagues, until I became more than a footnote at the bottom of Brockton Bay... they weren't coming for me specifically. That was step one of learning to relax in this kind of environment.

Step two was realising that, not only were they not looking for me specifically - but they weren't even looking to protect the Protectorate at all at events like this. I'd always used to think that there was a reason why human Masters didn't just 'win or die'. What was stopping Heartbreaker from being in this crowd with me, incognito? What about Valefor? The answer was nothing. Nothing was stopping them, save for the fact that after one immense victory, one catastrophe that sent the nation reeling - there would be a kill order put out, and they would die. That left them to keep largely to themselves, to carve out their little kingdoms in an area the local hero teams would begrudgingly forsake as a controlled loss. Too weak to withstand the reprisal of using their abilities openly and proudly.

I was better than them on every front. The flexibility of my powers, the ability to come and go as I pleased in my civilian identity, the relative subtlety of my powers effects, the fact that eventually I wouldn't need to worry about a sniper bullet through the skull taking me out when the heroes were fed up with me, the fact that the PRT still didn't fully understand what they were up against - and of course, the fact that I was morally better as well. That was objectively true, I wasn't exactly pure good - but, if Heartbreaker took his harem and attended Endbringer fights regularly and worked with the Protectorate against major threats, that would quantitatively be better than the current one. That was simple, undisputable logic. A hero with an ego, a dubiously acquired harem and questionable methods was better for the world than a literal villain.

"Keep moving, Sir." The guard ushers me onward to make room for the next person to be scanned. "Enjoy the event."

Enjoy? Unlikely. These events were usually boring and dry, with the only redeeming features tending to be the meet and greet sessions with the heroes afterwards and perhaps getting a demonstration of the new Cape's powers - especially if they hadn't been leaked already. I mean, I showed up to all of these on general principle, so I couldn't really talk - but it wasn't exactly primetime television material, I could at least say that much, even as a fan. Especially as a fan, if I'm biased towards a thing and say that it's trash - that's how you know my opinion is trustworthy.

I shimmy through the crowd as a speaker drones on about the valuable work of heroes in the city and the steps that our glorious leadership intended to take to tackle crime, as if anyone was really here to listen to him. Not even the press section of the seating area had more than half-a-dozen people sitting in it, a sure sign that they were backstage somewhere - a more private press-conference, exclusive interviews to get their articles out during the main event, catching the heroes and the main guest as they make their dramatic arrivals? Who knows. In this, I was as blind to the goings-on as any other member of the public.

If it was a challenge, I'd be clambering around the walls of the building right now. Scouting was something I was good at. But consequences were real here. Ideally, the PRT never even registered the idea that I might be here - and if they did, they never got any proof about the matter. Someone getting a lucky shot with their camera or looking up at the wrong moment was bound to attract questions and attention - and all for, what, half an hour of extra time to challenge people in? The odds were good that it wouldn't make a difference for the majority of Capes, challenge cooldowns had a tendency to go up fast - eventually I'd run into a wall that I can't get through, that also has a lengthy timer on it. I can be patient. I don't want to be patient, but I can.

I'm just twitchy. Not nervous, as such. Just... tense. I feel different to the last time I was at an event like this. Maybe it was the overexposure to violence, maybe it was the fact that people were more aware of me now or maybe 'ready to fight' was just my natural state now - a coiled spring ready to lash out with muscle memory honed by a thousand deaths.

There were no Capes around, but walking around like this went against every instinct I'd learned to safely handle civilians. Leaving my back exposed. Walking between a crowd that I didn't know or trust. Any of them could have a hidden weapon. A single bullet would kill me, I knew - truly, truly knew - that I wouldn't be able to react to a shot to the head before I was unconscious or dead, even if my shadow state or forcefield might have saved me if I'd been aware.

A uniformed man makes an apologetic smile as he weaves past me, a heavy-looking cable held over his shoulder as lights are moved out. I stir restlessly at my exposed position. Danger. My escape angle momentarily blocked off by the flow of electrical power, I'd never tested the floor below me to see if I could phase through it safely - or if there was even anything there at all. No walls to retreat to behind cover. I was in the centre of the room, I probably wouldn't make it to the edge of the room in my three seconds of shadow state and Vista's power was worthless in the crowd. A gunman would just kill me here. No ifs, no buts. My best bet would be Clockblocker's power, but there was nothing great to target it on - clothing would work, but there was no time. Idly, I wonder if dead people counted for that restriction - if a gunman killed someone, could I clockblock their shirt immediately and hide behind it? That would give me a way to survive from one angle, but I'd have to assume that any attacker would have friends mirroring their attack from the other side too-

-And then the danger passes. Because there was never anything to worry about. He's just a regular guy setting up the stage lights. Nobody here is trying to kill me. This is the real world, and as much as my challenges love to stack the deck against me - things don't really work like that in real life.

I knew that. The entire mental exercise was always a hypothetical. I wasn't literally a hair's breadth away from killing everyone around me or using them as a meatshield, waiting for the first excuse to do something psychotic. I was just... aware. An overly-violent evolution of a civilian imagining how they would save the day if a terrorist hijacked the plane right next to them - and just happened to have their backs turned in the right way. An evolution of watching a jacked guy come in and mentally categorising him, weight class, fighting style, concealed weapons, how easy would it be to beat him - that was probably natural for fighters. Soldiers. I was the same, just... more used to the absurd scenarios. The unfair surprises. The ones that overwhelmed my safety nets and ended in my usually painful death that felt all-too-real.

Which was a long-winded way of saying that my way of thinking was pretty normal, when you think about it. Thought crimes aren't real - I told Amy that, and it's true for me too.

I sidle over to the edge of the room, helping myself to the refreshments as I wait for the arrival of the heroes. Being away from the centre of the room didn't actually improve my mood, the multitude of switches, wires and wall sockets visible on the wall closest to me highlighted that phasing through it would be a risky, risky proposition indeed. I suppress the thought. These instincts were valuable, hard-learned lessons - but there was a time and a place for them.

Relax. I'm not being hunted here. I'm doing the hunting. The only one aware that there's even a hunt going on today.

Somehow, this was easier when I wasn't quite as aware of how easy it is to be killed. Ignorance is bliss. Nothing has truly changed, but the feeling of walking into a dangerous area or a PVP zone in a hardcore ironman run - that's what this felt like. Irrational, but my brain didn't care about rational or not. I don't even think it's an issue with my mindset, just an awareness of my own weakness. That my current defensive tools were insufficient to save me from the worst case scenario, especially now that I was unable to simply hold up Glory Girl's forcefield like I often do when walking the street - that kind of discrepancy when someone bumps into me might be noticed.

All it means is that I need more power. More powers, specifically. Something to give me my surety back, a Thinker power would do. A passive Brute effect. An extension to the shadow state long enough to just use it to sprint to safety. The speed state losing its wind-up time. There were so many minor tweaks to my current powerset that would put me at ease here, I just needed to keep pushing forward, keep winning, keep getting stronger.

And as discomforting as it felt right now, I was in exactly the right place to do that.

Up on the stage, a rat-faced bureaucrat backs away from the microphone - replaced by the more dynamic, exuberant-looking host. "And now, ladies and gentlemen - please put your hands together as we welcome Armsmaster to the stage, to introduce us all to the newest Ward gracing our fair city!"

I obediently join in the clapping, tension fading as Armsmaster's figure arrives on stage. A few minor changes to his suit since his last public outing, some winking lights on his shoulder that indicated some new feature or function that would probably only be revealed as a surprise trump-card three months down the line. His weapon remains holstered, folded down to something that casually rests on the waist of his power armour like a tradesman tucking a hammer into his belt.

If I could shrink the Mechablade down to a portable thing like that... well. I'm sure the weight is largely the same, I'd still need power-armour to manage it without the exoframe that came with it. There's more important things to focus on. Like the fact that Armsmaster is right in front of me.

"Challenge."

I'd avoided some opportunities to take this fight before. The modifiers were just too brutal, a Tinker getting PREP and CONT? Being almost immediately thrown into a fight against them? This being Armsmaster specifically? It was brutal. Too brutal for a first-tier challenge.

At least, at first glance. But I know more about my power now than I did then. Seen more examples of it in action, I understand how the cheat modifiers work better - and how the lack of them works too.

Advantage one: The order of operations mattered. PREP CONT was different to CONT PREP. For most? That didn't matter. Here? It was everything. PREP gives him a list of my powers and time to devise countermeasures, and then - only after that is done - does he load into the challenge with his previous memories of our fights.

Which meant, if he initially miscalculated a countermeasure or overlooked a power as harmless - he wouldn't have a dedicated counter ready, no matter how many repeats he went through. He'd just have to make do with what his original self had developed, unless I gained more powers that changed what he made with the PREP modifier. His combat loadout was always going to be identical unless I scared him so badly that he saw no option but to run away in the next repetition.

And that didn't sound like Armsmaster at all.

Advantage two: This was Armsmaster. And as much as the guy was cool, that didn't mean that he'd never lost a fight or that I was blind to his weaknesses. He was the swiss-army knife of Tinkers. The right tool for the occasion, every time. A scalpel of every size.

But when he's lost before, it's been to the hammer. When the one scalpel doesn't quite finish the job, and the rest of his suite isn't suited to the fight. When the miniaturisation specialty works against him, with all of those valuable, delicate components compressed so tightly together that one heavy hit takes out a half-dozen systems at once. When his regular power armour clashes directly with a strong Brute, the armour would usually break before the Brute did. Any damage to power systems, servos, hydraulics, batteries or sensors taking him from peak form to crippled with the wrong hit to the wrong place.

Oh, he was skilled. It's not that it was easy to make that kind of hit happen. PHO was almost completely sure that he had some kind of combat-Thinker emulator somewhere in his kit - but still, he had losses on his record. Fair, undisputed 1v1 defeats. Usually, they came from one powerful hit - something that dents the armour and hits something important underneath it, or simply overpowers the durability of the armour. Armsmaster's armour was a toolkit as much as it was real armour, other Tinkers tended to make themselves as Brute-like as possible with thick armour, overpowered strength and a few cool weapons attached - Armsmaster wanted to use that space to store his gadgets. It was a winning formula, but it wasn't all upsides. If I could get a clean hit with one of my anti-Brute tools - I'd probably just cleave right through him, armour and all.

Advantage three: He was expecting me to beat him by getting stronger than him. He was expecting me to grow in strength and overpower him as soon as I'd worked out every one of his counters. He was expecting me to continue facing him in a direct fight as I already had been for the last few attempts, scouting him out as much as he was scouting me. In turn, his path to maximising his long-term odds through the CONT modifier lay in not using every trick he had right out of the gate. He wouldn't be hitting me with unnecessary countermeasures until it was needed, not out of mercy - but so that I couldn't counter him in turn. He would expect me to only be able to win once I had so many powers that I just ran him over in a fair fight despite whatever he could build in his prep-time.

I would not be waiting for that time to come. Call it a mark of respect for his skills, but I intend to win with cunning, treachery and trickery.

Fourth and final advantage: He was overreliant on his halberd. It wasn't that he didn't have some tricks with his armour or the ArmsCycle - but it was a safe bet that the majority of his tricks were stored in his weapon, that was just how he worked.

In summary: His loadout would not notably change between attempts. A powerful anti-Brute attack could overcome his defences. He was expecting a straight fight, thinking my route-to-victory lay in either acquiring enough other powers that he couldn't counter them or successfully mapping out his entire loadout and every one of his tricks. And his best tricks were likely all stored in his weapon, and without it he'd be far, far weaker.

Which gave me a plan. A plan that would need a second attempt, and one where I probably wouldn't get a third thanks to the CONT modifier. He'd keep his distance if he knew, or even back off entirely and start re-tinkering with his loadout.

The ArmsCycle screams around the corner and bears down on me. I flee down a nearby alleyway. Not to get truly get away, I just wanted distance from the ArmsCycle. Armsmaster effortlessly dismounts and transitions into a pursuit immediately. A dart of some kind phases through my chest harmlessly with a wisp of smoke, and then his enhanced speed has him right on top of me. My knight, only half-formed, lunges at him to stall - but the man casually throws something towards the shadows where my ash clone was hiding. The knight collapses a moment later.

He turns back to me, accelerates again - and swings his halberd in a swift, deadly motion.

A clean, perfect execution. I'd tried something, and it hadn't worked - he'd overcome it effortlessly and I'd be back with a slightly different approach next time.

That's what it should look like to him. If I'd been too blatant about my real aims, he might have been suspicious, changed things up for next time.

I don't have eyes for Armsmaster as my torso parts ways with my legs - I just burn the sight in front of me into my mind. A failure screen, not yet the one for the challenge itself - but for a different power. A failed Paste, centred around his weapon. The schematic I'd tried to make? Unimportant, the biggest, most expensive box-like design that needed more of every resource than I could possibly find, could still make with Leet's speciality and have my power still consider it as Tinkertech. The design didn't even really do anything, it was just for this moment. Because if my design specified 3kg of carbon fibre, and I was looking at a screen saying I was missing 2.1kg? That my 1kg of graphene was 0.7kg short? That I had insufficient amounts of silicon, lithium, copper, gold - inverting those numbers gave me valuable information. Suddenly, I had a list of resources to work with - the elements and materials that made up the weapon in front of me.

And therefore, if I had a design that used those elements and had no shortages? Well. I wonder. How well would Armsmaster's halberd work if a few elements in their entirety were abruptly removed between one moment and the next? Naturally, it would stop working. Probably fall apart, if there was even anything of note left. My paste-box wasn't Manton limited, it didn't care if he was holding the weapon, only that he wasn't blocking the final product. I wouldn't be just stealing the screws, I could steal the entire thing into a weapon of my own - leave him with a handful of wires and confused sludge between one blink and the next.

And the only requirement was that I stayed within the pseudo-recipe that my 'error' had gifted to me.

There was one downside. my paste-box was too small for the entire halberd - especially with the requirement to keep the rest of Armsmaster from physically blocking the space my new creation would spawn in. I'd need to content myself with just the top half that I'd initially attempted to replace - but I'd wager that with a Tinker as good as Armsmaster, having half of his weapon literally disappear and be instantly repurposed would shut down a great deal of his attack plans even if he still had a few tricks left.

But that... was hardly a downside at all. It was a technical specification, nothing more.

FAILURE​

But it didn't feel like a failure at all.

I turn to the closest stranger. An ALRT based challenge. "Challenge."

An office building? Perfect. All I needed was a chair, some paper and something to write with.

The sound of snapping plastic and shattered wood fills the room for a short time. The target arrives, pauses at the sight of me, my ash clone and a solid mass of splinters, plastic and stray desk decorations - then runs back the way he came.

I wave a hand. "Don't kill them." My knight shambles after him, my ash clone racing behind.

All the time in the world to Tinker up the right design. And... for once, I didn't have to worry about the exotic, hard-to-find materials that Leet's tech often wanted. Armsmaster's halberd was a buffet of expensive materials waiting to be utilised, it had everything, albeit often in smaller quantities than I would like.

First, write down everything I could remember from the resource list and the quantities. Then... see what I could do. Not the Mechablade. Not this time. Something that, in my hands, would instantly be able to hit Armsmaster before he could react with enough force and penetration to get through his armour. From something I could just grasp in my hand, to an immediate, lethal attack. Not an actual explosion, Armsmaster was great at tanking those. Not a gun, my power would never let me have it. Leet's power makes a proposal with the parameters I give it. A spear, or something like it. Extendible, to ensure it worked within the paste box - then all I had to do was point and extend it with explosive force directly into the centre of his chest. Dead.

Nice idea.

Some problems with the initial design. It's aimed at cleaving through people, not metal plates, the design was focused on repeated puncturing attacks, not a single lethal blow - I didn't need to retrieve the weapon, I just needed it to work once. Durability, cost and practicality meant nothing compared to speed, precision and power for that initial surprise hit. Leet's power proposes a design. I veto it, the quirk is too problematic - my single shot needs to work without the slightest chance of luck ruining it. If it doesn't, the CONT modifier will ensure I never get a second try.

Another design. Unsuitable. Some materials that weren't on my list, the halberd might still have them - I could only confirm the presence of materials that my junk-cube design had contained, but I couldn't take the risk. I refine some more, discarding variant after variant, tweaking some around, swapping to Squealer's power for a bit to see if simple, solid engineering could bridge the gap to a usable weapon that I needed.

No. But it was fine. I had time. I had all the time. Resources and complexity were the real bottlenecks for my tinkering, the former a simple issue of my power requiring complex materials that usually had a complicated creation method or were difficult to extract from everyday items - and the latter simply a restriction of working with multiple low-level tinker powers rather than a single, maxed-out one.

But this relatively simple thing wasn't any of those things. An hour later, I have it - the design burns to cinders around my palm as it occupies my paste-slot. Then the challenge ends, to the distant sound of a person screaming as he's hurled from the roof to the ground below.

SUCCESS​

I brush away the notification. Irrelevant.

Armsmaster finishes his measured approach, stopping short of the microphone - instead placing himself to the side, standing rigidly in front of the crowd. "Good evening." Speakers in his suit ensure his voice reaches everyone in the building, the audio quality notably clearer and sharper than the microphone the host had been using. "As the Protectorate's field leader in this city, I've had the honour of working with countless heroes over the years - coordinating dozens of successful operations to protect lives and property. Through discipline, coordination and the contributions of every one of our teams - we routinely prevail against challenges that few, if any, Protectorate teams in America have faced since the Protectorate itself was founded."

Someone totally wrote this speech for him. Or, no - maybe he has a gadget to do that for him. I could see it. He did speeches like this all the time, but the real Armsmaster comes out when things go off-script. Not something that was likely to happen here.

He continues. "The strength of the Protectorate does not stem from any one person," he continued. "It comes from the cooperation of individuals who dedicate themselves to justice and protecting others. In Brockton Bay, we know the importance of mentorship and growth - and nowhere is that better represented than in our Wards program, ranking among the best and most successful across the entire country. Experienced heroes pass on what they know and shape the heroes of tomorrow into the best that they can be. New heroes bring energy, potential and the willingness to shoulder responsibility." His helmet twitches as he scans the crowd. For a moment, it looks like he's looking at me - I very deliberately don't react. The moment passes. He moves on.

Is it really paranoia if it's probably just an objective truth that he could have some fancy gadget to detect Capes if he wanted to? I know there were rules, but... it was Tinkertech. It's not like he had to tell anyone what one random symbol meant in the eighth mode of his scanner module in his MK3 helmet or whatever.

But that was just my imagination. Armsmaster would have jumped me by now if he knew. So I could remain confident that I was safe - it was just a matter of waiting for his cooldown to come back up. Just another minute or three, first-level challenges were convenient like that.

Armsmaster drones on, rigid and unmoving. "The program exists because every generation of heroes must build on what came before. The Wards of today become the mentors of tomorrow, an unbroken chain that takes us from strength to strength. Today, another link is forged in that chain. We welcome a young man who has already proven himself willing to stand firm in the face of danger and against the temptation to use his power for selfish and immoral purposes. He is resilient, determined and committed to using his powers for the good of everyone. By joining the Wards on his own volition, he has demonstrated the intellect, moral fibre and commitment that an up-and-coming hero needs to thrive. Please, put your hands together to welcome our newest Ward: Browbeat!"

The crowd erupts into applause. I join in as well, even if I was really more interested in Armsmaster. Had he, perhaps, pre-recorded that speech and just set it to play over his speakers when he was in position? He had the full helmet on today, so nobody would even be able to call him out if his mouth wasn't moving. Was I overthinking it? Maybe.

Either way. Timer was up on Armsmaster. "Challenge."

I dip down the alleyway again. Same movements, same strategy.

But this time, Armsmaster doesn't take quite the same approach. It's a safe assumption that I'm being tracked by some kind of scanner, because he neatly intercepts me in the next street over despite the ArmsCycle still audibly roaring back on the original street.

A minor annoyance, coupled with a more significant one - I needed a consistent angle, a reliable approach where he fully committed to his attack. Now that the battlefield had changed, the path behind me blocked off by a rush of containment foam that I hadn't even seen him deploy - I didn't have that sure angle. What if he was able to dodge to the side? Was his ArmsCycle too close, now that we were closer to the street itself? I'm sure he can remotely pilot it, if I activated my plan and he was able to escape... no.

I couldn't risk it. I knew what the perfect moment looked like. Him pursuing me at a narrow point in the alleyway, using up his ranged options and going for an execution once he thought he had won. This... wasn't that.

I couldn't risk it. Even if I phased through the foam, the alley was too wide, too sparse of debris for my knight, too many approaches and side-angles he could utilise to mix things up. Where I'd drawn him in before wasn't an accident, it was deliberate because of the angles and approaches it cut off.

I couldn't get away, couldn't give up my trick either.

Nothing for it.

I let the tranquiliser hit me.

FAILURE​

I wasn't wasting my shot. Not on a first-level challenge. He was mixing his approach up, but eventually I'd guide him back into my alley of choice and take my shot. I quell my initial annoyance. I should be proud of my patience here. In the past, I'm pretty sure I'd have taken the shot and blown it.

"Thank you Armsmaster, for that excellent introduction - and the reminder of what makes this moment so special." My eyes flick over to Browbeat as the host takes back over, launching into a new introduction of the costumed figure stepping onto the stage. "Here he is now, we'll hear a few words from him in a moment - let's just get a quick look at his costume on screen for everyone to see before we get into the fun part of this."

I narrow my eyes at the new Ward.

Browbeat
Vigilante 1/4
(CAGE)​

Expected, I guess. If there was ever a modifier that let Brutes do Brute things, it was CAGE. It was unfortunate, really. It wasn't that I was opposed to a straight-up brawl - but the CAGE modifier actually sucked for me in general. No resources to generate my knight with, no walls to phase through, no resource to convert with my Tinker powers, no prep-time to make Parian-balls or Clockblocked-threads in advance.

Not just a modifier to demand a fight, but one to force a fight in a clean, white room. Meh.

And... not one that I wanted to win right now, maybe? I've got to consider the possibility that a quick victory against Browbeat will change Armsmaster's preparations. Gaining a true Brute powerset might result in an entirely new loadout, perhaps power-armour that would be able to stand up to my modified spear. I could lose my only shot at victory by winning, as stupid as it sounds.

No harm in scouting, though. This was still the first challenge for both of them. They'd probably be hanging around on stage for the twenty minutes at least, and even then they'd be visible around the venue along with whatever other heroes had elected to show up today.

Still. May as well wait for the actual power explanation first, seeing as the host sounded so keen to get to it.

"Now, ladies and gentlemen, I know what you're all waiting for. You've heard the name. You've seen him for yourself. You've heard us all talking about what an upstanding young man he is. But what makes Browbeat a 'super' hero? What is it he can do, exactly?"

The crowd murmurs excitedly. Most of the public was likely only here for this part. Cape nerds, hoping to see an exciting new power in action - hopefully something flashy. They should probably have kept their expectations low. Brute showcases invariably sucked to watch, and Browbeat was the most obvious Brute name in a while. They'd never do a serious, impressive durability test because of the optics of 'shooting' a Ward or using something dangerous on them, but every weight test or broken stack of bricks would fail to adequately portray the level of power someone had in reality. It was too close to the norm, the average guy would just shrug and say he looked like any other weightlifter or point to some martial artist who made a video about breaking concrete with his fists. Boring.

No offence to Brutes, but there weren't many ways to keep both the youth guard and the audience happy for that powerset. Flight, easy. Blaster powers? Even better. Tinkers? Make a funny gadget with whirring lights on it. Speedsters, guaranteed to get the crowd going. But nobody came here to watch a teenager with big muscles flex a few weights over their head.

"Browbeat possesses a unique combination of gifts. First, a telekinetic forcefield extending around his body, amplifying his strength and protecting him from harm. Second, a remarkable control over his own biology - allowing him to strengthen his muscles, reinforce his bones, and recover from injuries in a pinch. Together, these abilities synergies with each other to make him into a powerful Brute-type Cape, a physical powerhouse that any villain would think twice about engaging in close-quarters." Browbeat seems to bulk up mid-speech, arms swelling momentarily to comical levels before tightening into carved muscles. A pair of stagehands wheel out some examples for the Brute to prove his strength with, but I'd already lost interest.

Along with a good part of the crowd. A few people were already leaving, though most were at least hanging around a bit longer - perhaps out of politeness, or perhaps they were waiting to catch a glimpse of some other heroes later.

Forcefield. Brute powers. Telekinesis that also acts like Brute powers. Simple, but no less difficult to work around. "Challenge."

My ash clone surges to life next to me as my opponent appears in my vision, already charging towards me - swelling in size as he does so. There was no CONT modifier here, so I was free to experiment without fear of screwing myself over. First of all, the classic. Run away. Parian's power starts to tug a thread loose from my shirt as I sprint in the opposite direction - the heavy footfalls behind me getting closer and closer with every second. Right. A low mover rating would obviously be a benefit of that kind of biology manipulation. I'd never maintain the distance without distractions or a mover power of my own, and the speed state was too problematic to activate when he started this close to me.

Not that it matters. I was just looking this time around. And with so many of my best tricks foiled by the modifier, I only really had two things to test. One, Clockblocked threads and two, Parian missiles. The first is easy to bait him into - he's already sprinting at me full-speed, I just have to leave a single line at- well. Near my head, actually - if I wanted to hit anything important. He was definitely going for the size=power approach, not a true giant in the Fenja and Menja sense, but enough to loom over me and make any pipedreams of reaching his over-muscled neck or head die in the cradle - maybe if I was standing on tip-toes I could stretch an arm around his pecs and graze his chin, but practically speaking it wasn't going to happen.

There's no way that's the ideal usage of his power though, his movements are a little clunky - some muscles so large that at times he had trouble putting one leg in front of the other. Early issues with his power, perhaps - this challenge could be about a novice version, one that had presumably had some experimental clashes with a few low-level gang members or a Cape fight that had flown under the radar, but lacked the true experience that came with fighting, training and testing with the PRT. He hadn't shown any issues when showing off his power in front of the audience just a moment ago, the muscles then were sleeker and more refined rather than the pulsing masses he was using here.

But knowing that I could be facing a stronger version didn't really help me. The odds were stacked against me as they were. My sour thoughts are validated as he slams into the time-locked threads, comes to a crashing halt and then falls over backwards.

That might have looked effective. It wasn't. The reason I liked doing that against Brutes, vehicles and speedsters was that they tended to cut themselves in half with their own power when confronted with a razor-thin object that would refuse to move. Him bouncing back as if he'd walked into an oversized pipe wasn't in the plan, even if I could see a light trail of red on his chest as he rises again - the fact remained that his Brute stats had won that clash. His durability was greater than the strength he pushed himself forward with.

Well, I couldn't entirely conclude that - the... physics, of what I just witnessed couldn't just be explained like that. If he'd been floored by the threads, flipped over them on contact, pressed himself hard onto them and then had to extract himself - that would have been understandable. But remembering how his powers had just been explained, what I'd seen could only really be explained by the forcefield aspect of his power spreading out the impact of hitting the threads. It made it seem like there were two impacts, one where the forcefield had tried and failed to power through - bleeding some of his momentum in the process as the forcefield spreads that hits across his entire frame - and then once his body had caught up, the second impact happened and failed to appreciably get through his strengthened body.

On the surface, that was bad news - that power interaction sucked for me. The entire point of the thread trick was that all of the force was concentrated into a razor-thin line and the body couldn't handle it, the fact that I'd essentially hit his airbag first and he'd been able to absorb so much of that speed in the fraction of a second before it sliced through the forcefield was a disaster for my chances here.

On the plus side, not a forcefield on the level of I was familiar with. He did still get cut. It was an enhancer, a cushion for attacks to push through and a way to distribute force over a wider area - but it wasn't absolute protection. Think more along the lines of full-body boxing gloves than a real shield. In real-world applications, it seemed closer to Krieg than Glory Girl.

Great.

How does that help me win? Good question.

One that isn't getting an answer anytime soon. Considering he's faster than me, I've got a few seconds for him to realise the nature of the 'barrier' in front of him and how to step around it before he catches me and I die painfully. Running away has actually separated me entirely from my ash clone, not that it could have done anything. I'd given it Echo, which wasn't exactly any help here.

No point running. Test two, start. I flip my shirt up and over my head as Browbeat identifies the obstacle and starts tracing the hard-to-see thread. Nothing needs to be special about this missile, it was a force check - nothing more. Create ball. Fill with Parian's power.

Boot it directly at the charging mass of muscle at full power before I get mulched. Rather than shrink, I use Vista's power to elongate the space between us - giving me more time to use Parian's power to push the ball forward at greater speeds than even my kick could provide. With the attack aimed at his lower body, he doesn't attempt to dodge - and I don't attempt to predict him. The shirt-turned-football slams into his leg and earns an audible crack for my efforts, the Brute momentarily stumbling as torn muscle and bone fragments fly freely in the air off to the side of his charge - the impact dropping him into a slide on one knee as the leg is brutalised.

But the pause is only momentary. More muscle flows around the limb, and he pushes himself to his feet again a few seconds later. An awkward limp, and a reddish seeping of blood indicate that he might not be completely 'okay' - but that didn't truly matter if he could still move fine. Biological control like that would require that kind of manipulation of flesh, muscle and even bone - some level of regeneration, or perhaps I should say ability to compensate for injuries, was natural in a power like that.

Perhaps that's why he didn't bother to dodge - not just because he's confident in his power protecting him, but because unless I can get a football that powerful directly to his head - none of the damage I do is going to stick.

I grimace. Fuck. The worst thing is that I actually have options that could beat this guy, if it wasn't for the CAGE modifier.

The only other option I can see right now is to pray that the mechanics of the CAGE itself can save me - the mechanics that seem designed to break stalemates. The Tinker-weapons that spawned in one of my first fights, when neither combatant could find the advantage. The shrinking room when one combatant couldn't catch the other. But... I've completed a great deal of CAGE modifiers, and I've yet to see one that rewards me for running. That goes true for my power in general, but especially CAGE. Those 'tiebreakers' have always come when I'm willing to engage, but the combat stalls for a reason I can't control. If my opponent runs and refuses to fight, that's one thing - but if I'm the one that runs... well. It's not like the anti-stalling measures have ever buffed me in another challenge. My power doesn't want the fight to end by any means necessary, it wants me to struggle and win.

Which was all to say, I didn't think that Tinkertech weapon was going to spawn unless I started clashing with the guy directly for minutes on end, and, for some reason, both of us were unable to hurt the other. If I had another Brute power that he couldn't overcome, for example.

I sigh, raising my hands in the air. I'm done with testing this round.

He catches me three seconds later and hurls me into the wall behind me. A moment later, his arm makes direct contact with the wall right through my unresisting torso.

Ow. That was unnecessary. That hadn't even killed me instantly, I was still-

FAILURE​

There we go.

I return to real life, and mentally check out for another few minutes. It was a shame no other heroes had come out onto stage, even if for some pithy remark about how much they were looking forward to welcoming him onto the team. That was pretty traditional, so that would probably happen at some point. Triumph- no. He's Protectorate now. The team leader now was... Aegis. Another Brute power that I might be able to collect today. Worth a shot, at least. If not a Brute power, then flight was the only option. There were no 'bad rolls' to get out of his power - even the redundant biology was good. I'd died too many times from a gunshot wound to the heart to turn down backup organs.

Armsmaster's challenge comes up again. "Challenge." Hopefully this would be a quick win.

My hope is short-lived. He changes his approach again, grappling up to the rooftops and covering the alleyway in pulses of electricity.

Again. I won't waste my shot. He can vary things as much as he likes, eventually, the list of tricks he's willing to show will run dry and he'll circle around to a simple execution with his halberd at a place of my choosing.

FAILURE​

I turn back to Browbeat. Round two. "Challenge."

There's only one thing I want to test here, another look at his forcefields interaction with the Clockblocked threads. Did the surface area matter? Was running into a line of horizontal thread the same as running into, say, the needle-like point of a thread extending directly from me to him?

One agonised roar later, I have my answer - it did matter. Somewhat, anyway. I'm pretty sure the forcefield itself did largely the same thing, but past that - even at the reduced speed, his actual biology was far less effective at preventing him for impaling himself than it was at stopping the wider attack from cutting him in half.

Good to know. Good to know.

The disadvantage, naturally, was that the concentrating the attack like that reduced the damage I could inflict. Unless I was fortunate enough to pierce his heart, assuming he couldn't just survive that, I wouldn't actually win like that.

But he was stuck, momentarily chained to a track running directly through his body - and the fact that he was slowly, carefully backing up rather than tearing himself free to the side indicated some level of limits to his regenerative abilities. But if I could somehow make it more difficult to do that without tearing up his insides, introduce some curves or a slope - I'd be able to keep him stuck for far, far longer if he truly intended to commit to reversing his way back to the end of the string.

Honestly, this was a useful trick. It wasn't an insta-kill, but I'd already seen how effective a timelocked object inside someone's body could be against Glory Girl - but the full length of string like this was every bit as problematic, with the added benefit of the fact that simply forcing themselves out wouldn't be 'just' a mirror of the entry wound - but instead, nearly bisecting themselves with a wound that would kill a non-regenerator as surely as a bullet to the skull. Plus, it would be a lot harder for my anti-Brute attacks to miss when my opponent was stuck on rails.

I just had to pick a better 'track' than this. Anyone could back up in a straight line at a solid pace, but I'd like to see him navigate a light curve or spiral without being able to turn around - cutting himself up would be a guarantee. The only limit was how far I could impale him without his momentum stopping, something that was limited not just by length but also the surface area his forcefield was touching. Gutting him like a fish-hook would have been nice, but physics still needs to apply - I'll only get that to work if I can get him to jump, and so far, he hasn't exactly shown that kind of Mover ability.

I shrug. And step closer to him as he pulls himself free. Nice. This wouldn't be so difficult after all.

Good. Struggling on the first challenge of a fresh-faced Ward, one that seemed to represent him not too long after he first got his powers - weeks and months after I got powers myself? That would be too painful. All that hard work and effort, the blood, sweat and tears - just to be matched by a fresh-faced kid who had one bad day. Sure, that's just how the world works - but I wasn't talking about Eidolon here. Browbeat had all the hallmarks of a C-lister. Wouldn't even make the top twenty list in this city, and that would probably remain true for his entire career.

Can't go losing to a guy like that. Not at this point. Just as I'd grown past regular civilians, I needed to grow past basic challenges like this too - even if the modifier was a much larger disadvantage to me than usual.

I purse my lips. I say I can't lose, but actually - I can. I need to lose, actually. I could have been blasting him with Parian-fuelled missiles all this time, but I didn't want to risk breaking my Armsmaster strategy. Gaining a Brute power would upend all of his calculations about the benefit of engaging me in melee combat.

The strategy was clear. I step into his range. A bulging hand larger than my head wraps around my skull.

FAILURE​

Losing like this didn't feel bad. Knowing that I could win that from this point on, and all I was waiting for was the equivalent of Armsmaster rolling a one on a six-sided die? I was in control. I would be incredibly, incredibly unlucky not to get my shot at him before the event ended - especially because he was usually a fighter that preferred melee combat. It would be like having a win condition against Amy where I just won if she touched me instead of the other way around. Yes, she could probably attack me in other ways if she knew about it - but most of the time, she'd want to default to her most effective option. Armsmaster didn't make a cool halberd to make himself into a ranged sniper.

The demonstration of powers continues, but my experiences with fighting him directly have given me more information than any tame, PR-friendly showcase could provide. Nothing to do but sit back and wait.

One minute. Two minutes. Three minutes. The demonstration draws to a close.

My eyes flick to Armsmaster again, standing rigidly off to the side as the host and the new Ward exchange scripted words with each other for the benefit of the audience. "Challenge."

I head straight into the alleyway, ignoring the sound of the ArmsCycle - waiting for the heavy sound of his footsteps hitting the ground.

There. From behind. Something pings uselessly off of Glory Girl's shield, a second hit following an instant later as I pre-emptively shift into shadow and dive around a corner. I don't need to see him to hear the pursuit. Good. The roar of the ArmsCycle is circling around, likely to cut off the route ahead if I head back into the street. Great.

I needed to be trapped. This entire thing hinged around being 'beaten'. If he was assuming that my current plan to win was to simply escape the area and later ambush him, perhaps with some form of Tinkertech - then he'd be all the more confident when I was trapped like this. Overconfidence. Arrogance, maybe.

I liked the guy, but it was a fair description. If he had opted for one of his heavier-duty suits, I'd never be able to even scratch him. Opting for the lighter, highly-mobile suit obviously had its advantages - but it gave me a path towards victory that I shouldn't really have had. I don't think there was a conventional power in the city that I could lean on that would get through some of his specialist suits.

My ash clone appears behind me as I put on the appearance of cycling through my combat powers. A set-up Echo is anticipated and dodged with a casual lean to the side as I backpedal. A Parian missile formed from a nearby rag is neatly deflected. My ash clone is executed in a quick lunge, with the halberd immediately turning into a swing to repeat the motion on me - knowing that there was nowhere for me to dodge in this narrow alleyway full of obstacles.

And fortunately, nowhere for him to dodge either.

Paste. Before his weapon can make contact with me, the top third of his halberd disintegrates. Cables and whirring gears succumb to gravity as the elements keeping them in place simply vanish, the materials instantly repurposed to make my weapon. It doesn't quite appear directly in my hands, but fast-equipping was the point - a simple tube to thrust my arm into, before pointing the heavy end at my opponent. I fire immediately - and wince as my arm is nearly torn from its socket by the sheer force that the weapon subjects it to as it unleashes. Force. Power. Rotation.

But as painful as it is for me, it's worse for my opponent. The drill-like nature of the spear has passed through his torso like a hot knife through butter - leaving a gaping, bloody hole behind. The spear itself has rocketed entirely out of the holster, which is fine - it was a one-shot weapon from the outset. It had done its job. From here, I just had to do mine.

My ash clone spins to life again, diving for cover as it accepts Mush's power. The knight shambles into place next to me as I attempt to wrench the rest of the halberd out of Armsmaster's hands. Needed to press the attack, couldn't take the risk that he had some Tinkertech solution that would have him survive this somehow. It looked lethal, but he wasn't unconscious - and I couldn't truly count the Tinker out until he was dead. Armsmaster tosses the halberd aside, one armoured fist driving into my side even as I attempt to manipulate him into a grapple. I phase out of the way, I'm not risking the chance of him having some kind of blade or tranquiliser in his gauntlets.

Just had to keep him busy, with such a massive hole in the centre of his armour, he was slow - presumably having lost the power or controls that guided the heavy suit around. And that was saying nothing of the toll this was taking on his body. I knew a lot about fighting through injuries, and I was pretty confident that a normal guy would have dropped unconscious by now from sheer blood loss. Some kind of stimulant? A feature of his suit helping mitigate the damage? I'm not sure, but what I am sure is that the damage is devastating and not something that he'll survive if I can prevent him from escaping and accessing his full suite of Tinkertech solutions.

And while I couldn't do much to punch through his armour personally, all I really had to do was restrict a limb while my knight surges from strength to strength as it draws on the trash-littered alley to augment its body. He was getting more sluggish by the second, but he wasn't trying to attack me with the halberd anymore - instead choosing to spread his arms wide, as if trying to force me to only pick a single limb to restrict.

The thrum of the ArmsCycle draws closer. That must be his game. Who knows how much Tinkertech was stored in that thing that might be able to either save him or defeat me. It's only been seconds since my initial blow, my knight hasn't collected enough trash to create a body capable of crushing Armsmaster's head in his helmet - so I have it stand between the ArmsCycle and I. This was Armsmaster's last play, whatever it was - that was why he'd cast aside the ruined halberd so easily.

The ArmsCycle slams to a halt shortly in front of the knight. A beeping noise emerges from it, before something is fired in an arc over the blocker - a perfect angle to fall into Armsmaster's other hand. A second halberd, completely new - full of an arsenal of tricks specifically designed to tear through each one of my defensive powers. His hand closes around the handle mid-air decisively as his head turns to me, his body language projecting the raw confidence he was feeling.

But the arm doesn't descend. I grin at him. He looks back at the unmoving halberd, then back to the halberd - noticing for the first time that I had a finger of my own on the weapon, my arm seeming absurdly stretched as Vista's power gives me the distance I need to apply Clockblocker's power before he could grasp it.

I couldn't do it before because it was a held item, but if he's just going to toss it in the air like that - then he's really making it too easy for me.

Armsmaster stays at me in silence. One second. Two seconds. Three seconds. Neither of us move. We both know he's out of options, probably on the brink of unconsciousness anyway - and with his injury and the sounds of the ArmsCycle being methodically destroyed and consumed by my knight, things were only going to progressively get more and more in my favour as time goes on.

"The thing I like about the CONT modifier, is that when I win - I really just win." I tell him. "I get knowledge of every repetition, you get the same. It's fair. No need to predict patterns or manipulate the scenario, I was just better."

"You got lucky." Armsmaster tells me. The first words he's ever uttered in the challenge.

"Lucky that you didn't respect that any lesser Tinker power could be a threat to you?" I snort. "I don't think that's luck. That's a predictable weakness, and that's coming from a fan. Luck had nothing to do with it. You had full knowledge about me, and still failed. Didn't even take that many attempts, even. That's pretty satisfying to me, you know? I know it's only the first challenge, but... it's a fair win."

His speakers whir. "One you could never replicate."

I tilt my head at him. "You think so? I've got a few more challenges to prove that in. I guess if you still have the same modifier, you won't fall for the same trick twice - but that's fine. I wouldn't want to take my spot as one of the top three Capes in the Bay because of a simple cheese strat. When the time for your later challenges comes, it doesn't how matter how much prep you do - I'll simply be too much to handle. I promise you that much."

He doesn't respond.

The street starts to fall away.

SUCCESS

Reward: Tinker Slot (2), Miniaturise Technology (1)​

I blink at the double reward. A second slot? Unexpected. Was that always specifically going to come from Armsmaster, or was it some arbitrary reward for beating my third Tinker? It was great to have, don't get me wrong - especially because I've been offering out my paste-box as bait for both Squealer and Leet to contact me again, and I'd be doing the same to Armsmaster the moment we had a positive relationship going.

Actually, the weird one was the second power. Because that didn't follow the same 'Tinker: Speciality' format of the others. That just looked like a regular power. I attempt to select it momentarily. Nothing. Inert. Waiting for the right circumstances.

...not sure. I'll have to experiment, see when it lights up. It's almost a certainty that it's Tinker related with a name and origin like that, but perhaps it just did something else other than open the 'library' of designs that the other two had. Thinking about it, the name itself might be a clue - miniaturise, rather than miniaturised. A verb applied to technology, rather than a description of the type I was allowed to make. Something that I could use in the design process, perhaps? Reduce the material or size of the final product without degrading it? That would be nice. Size was a limiting factor for the paste-slots, especially with Squealer's powerset.

I shake my head, drawing a look from the guy next to me. Focus up. Armsmaster's next challenge.

Armsmaster
Hero 2/6
(CAGE) (CONT)​

I stare flatly at the screen. Fuck that. Fuck you. I could leave with the CONT. But I've already expressed enough annoyance at how much the CAGE modifier nerfs me for Brute-rated targets today. Coupled with the fact that I already know that CONT modifiers inherit the memories of previous challenges with the same modifier, I wasn't going to be catching Armsmaster off guard in the same way again.

No PREP modifier though. That was something. He didn't get full info on my powers, and the possibility of getting an outright counter against his loadout was always going to be there.

I click my tongue against my teeth in annoyance as I extend that train of thought to the logical conclusion. Correction. He wouldn't get any new full info on my powers. With the previous challenge having the PREP modifier, he'd carry all of his memories of the powers I had then into this one. Anything I acquired from this point on, would be a surprise to him. Initially, at least.

Which meant that, once again, I was in the unenviable position of not wanting to fight him at all until victory was assured. And this time, he'd be respecting my paste-box a lot more than before - and I couldn't rely on the environment to limit his movements, form my knight or provide material for Tinkertech.

This has to be favouritism by my power, but I'll just deal with it. It's not like he's my only viable target. As soon as the other heroes show up, I'm hoping to get enough challenges in to have my power hitting the brakes on me - just like it did at Canberra. In that context, excluding Armsmaster from the rotation wasn't even a bad thing.

And, more importantly, the reason I had for waiting on defeating Browbeat was no longer valid. "Challenge."

I immediately erupt into a sprint away from my opponent once more. I'd have to be trickier with the string this time. Landing a precise hit, hoping that he tore open a wound in his heart was a bit of a longshot with how much he was moving and growing from one step to the next - but I wasn't really aiming to win like that. I just needed to lance him through, get enough curvature into the line that once he'd impaled himself on a solid metre or two of thread, he could barely find a way to back out before he was dead.

An idea occurs. Curves, or a slope? There was no way around the fact that the string had to be level with him at the point he was struck - but it didn't have to stay there. If I pinched the thin air below the string with Vista's power, as the power unwound - I'd introduce a near-vertical spike for him to navigate.

I think. Was that how it worked with Clockblocked objects and Vista's powerset? It made sense at a glance, but the physics always looked a little strange when edge-cases got involved. I think I was safe here though, I wasn't elongating the string itself, just bringing him slightly closer to the 'real' height of the string.

I was confusing myself now. Caveman Greg understands it. String starts high. Vista brings the string low. Browbeat go splat. Vista's power expires. Browbeat can't reverse through the 'high' string because he can't fly. Simple, as long as you don't think about how Vista's power works. I pu theory into practice. Shape the string with Parian, make an absurd knot at my end so he can't escape by continuing forward. Vista's power on the air in front of me, then back to Parian to re-establish the shape of my weapon before freezing it.

A messy plan, an awkward execution.

But functional. That's the important part. Browbeat lets out a roar of agonised pain as his own momentum impales him on the 'tracks' that I'd prepared for him - his body tumbling into the obstacle and opening his wound wider before he comes to a halt. If he didn't have regeneration, I could probably just have slipped into my speed-state and waited for him to bleed out from that. As it was, I didn't trust that it would be impossible for him to ease himself out over time - to say nothing of the fact that Clockblocker's power would eventually expire, and I couldn't reapply it because the Manton Limit would stop me now that he was touching it.

Just have to kill him before then, or I'll lose.

Suits me fine. I strip off, lining up my first Parian missile on the hulking target. Before I can kick the ball, I pause - noting that he's already brought his arms up into a defensive posture - not fully understanding the nature of the power, but clearly understanding that it was an attack. Sure, I could probably batter through the limbs - but that was probably the easiest thing for his power to repair. Plus, I'd need to break through the forcefield twice - once going through his arms, and again going through his face.

So I circle around first. As fast as I can, ignoring the agonised sounds he makes as he tries to keep me in sight. Shooting at his comparatively defenceless back, knowing I only need a good, clean hit on his head - or perhaps just his spine depending on how his power really worked - even I couldn't fuck it up from here.

That isn't to say I nail it the first time. The first missile is too slow, my aim is a little off and I need to correct the angle with Parian's power rather than driving it directly forward. The second, a slightly lopsided 'doll' constructed from my jeans, bounces off of the timelocked thread. I send my ash clone scurrying after them even as I continue to strip. No time to be self-conscious in the heat of combat, Clockblocker's power would expire at random. In three seconds or three minutes - couldn't afford to wait on the ideal missiles or my own sense of dignity.

My sock missile is the first to get a good hit in. Too small to obliterate his head, but his half-turned jaw is blasted clean off by the shot. My ash clone hurls my shirt back to me as it races to retrieve the next fallen item of clothing. Meanwhile Browbeat seems intent on redirecting the full force of his power into his shoulder muscles, bulking them up to such an extent that they might be able to shield his head as he continues to try - and fail - to free himself. My next shot hits his body, not piercing straight through - but the kinetic force it imparts does have the benefit of pressing his insides against the Clockblocked thread. A fresh cry of agony.

Not quite what I'm looking for. I don't think I have the firepower to completely blast through an area of his body where he's built up his muscles - especially if the words about the telekinetic field benefitting from his increased muscle mass is true. It only highlights the importance of hitting areas where he can't buff himself up - namely, his skull.

And even with my accuracy, his desperate attempts to blindly dodge and the obstacles in my way - I only have to get a clean hit once. The seventh kick yields the result I need. A hit bouncing off the top of his head, not quite resulting in the shower of gore I was hoping for - but the immediate slump of his body despite the agony it should have caused him tells the story. One head impact too far, completely unconscious. His muscles start to shrink as I line up my next shot. Presumably the telekinetic field is gone too now that his power was inactive - which means this shot should be the last.

One kick. One hit. His head fully detaches from his spine upon impact.

SUCCESS

Reward: Physical Amplification (1)​

That sounded like a Brute power if I've ever seen one. I don't want to expect too much from just the first level, but... finally. I've been waiting a long time for this.

I pick a random face out of the crowd to test. "Challenge."

I activate the power. A slight tingling sensation races across my body, not causing my muscles to warp or bulge like Browbeat - but the sensation of light pressure couldn't be denied. I summon my ash clone and have it hit me. The ashy fist slows as it reaches me, the impact distributed harmlessly across my upper body. There's the forcefield. Maybe just the forcefield? I certainly wasn't feeling capable of regenerating or expanding my muscles. I consider the power closer. Was it getting stronger? Not anymore, but it was certainly stronger now compared to when I had initially applied it. A few seconds to scale up to full power? I could work with that, I suppose. I drop the power to test the theory.

I blink at the sensation I'm still feeling. "Oho." I backhand my ash clone. My hand just barely not touching it, but my ash clone crumples to dust anyway.

The power was still active. Weakening, but active. A few seconds to charge up to 100%, but it was the same when I dropped it as an active power - a few seconds to fully lose the effect, slowly winding down. Which means I could still have the partial effect if I had to drop into my shadow state defensively. Or offensively, coming out of that state with a cheap shot backed by half of a Brute power would be devastating. And that said nothing about the defensive benefits. I might not have both sides of the Brute effect that Browbeat had, but the forcefield alone had been a powerful effect that had neutered all but the strongest variants of my most powerful non-Tinkertech attack even at it's weakest point.

I refill the amplification field back up to 100%. Quickfire test time. Echo? I head to a nearby door, line up an attack - then close the door, letting the field fade completely before releasing the echo. The door rocks, but remains fixed in place. No real change from my baseline hits there. I repeat the process again, this time releasing the echo when the field was halfway to being depleted.

My ash clone and I peer through the new hole in the doorway. "Nice." So the Echo wasn't copying any effects on my limbs at the time of the attack, but when it did unleash the attack - it was copying my limbs as they were right now, whether they had a forcefield on them or not. That was powerful, dampened only by the issue that timing would be difficult thanks to the requirement of holding the Echo as my active power to stop it from firing early.

I pass the power to my ash clone. It attempts to break a few objects largely ineffectually. I throw a stapler at it and it vanishes.

Interesting. I could probably take that to mean that the 'synergy' between body strength and forcefield power is still there. It's strong on me, but it does nothing to a frail body like my ash clone or a bug. Presumably, if I gained a further power that bolstered my physical stats - I might gain myself a stronger forcefield even without needing a direct upgrade. The lack of synergy with my ash clone wasn't a major loss, it could only hold one power at a time and Mush's power under its control was such an integral part of my kit now that I wouldn't want to swap it out anyway.

What I really wanted to know was how far I could take this power. I'd seen from Browbeat how well the forcefield scaled when it could distribute damage, the already-thin horizontal thread had been greatly weakened and only the single-point impaling trick had been able to fully power through it. I'd felt my ash clone's punch hit the forcefield and distribute it across my torso, not even feeling like much more than a half-hearted shove from a child. A bigger hit, one that hit me over a wider surface area, would naturally let my forcefield distribute the force across more and more of my body before yielding - that kind of distribution of force would make me invincible in a fist fight. I could stand in front of a car going at the speed limit and end up with a mild bruise after getting knocked aside.

But the kind of force was important. Just like Browbeat, concentrated force, piercing and less physical effects would still be a threat - but it was nice to know that in a situation of raw kinetic impacts, I had a trump card to meet them with. And hit back with - all with a power that didn't go on cooldown or deplete when used. Bullets? I wasn't too keen to try it, the more concentrated force would minimise how much of the forcefield would take the hit - but I should experiment, if I had a power that could convert a bullet hit to a level that would merely bruise then I'd hit the jackpot. I wouldn't have to waste the shadow state or Glory Girl's forcefield on the lesser threats unless I was truly caught off guard.

I glance around for my target, but I don't see him. Not going to bother to find him and win the challenge - just a civilian. I hurl myself out of the window.

FAILURE​

Good tests. A nice upgrade for me. And hopefully not the last one of the night. I had no intention of battling Armsmaster again today, but I could keep attempting Browbeat - and surely the other heroes would be appearing any second now to show their support in front of the cameras?

Browbeat
Brockton Bay Ward (2/4)
(ALRT) (HUNT) (TIME)​

Didn't really think much of it before, but the number of challenges is oddly low here. Was it simply that the power wasn't very interesting, or was it some other factor that decided it? Maybe it was just that it couldn't think of many ways to make the challenges different, it was already throwing three modifiers at me and I already knew that I would be one-shotting this one. It had only been difficult before because I didn't have my knight - unless he runs away, he's going to get squished after I stall for a minute or two. How could the challenge really escalate from there? The power just wasn't really suited to things that weren't a direct fight, and if it lost there... what else was there to cover that wouldn't end in the same way?

Not that it bothered me. The possibility of getting to the third challenge today and upgrading my Brute power again was all too real. "Challenge."

Office- no, this was the Wards HQ. The admin area on the third floor. Familiar territory. I didn't see Browbeat, but I could probably assume he had spawned in the living room. He'd take some time dropping down the flights of stairs to reach me, which made this a foregone conclusion. My ash clone walks around methodically shattering screens, tearing up plastic and emptying out drawers as my knight draws loose materials into its body. The heavy thuds in the distance indicate how fast Browbeat is crossing the three floors between our spawning locations - but this time, the terrain favours me. It might have been more troublesome in an open field, especially with the time modifier putting limits on how long I could take to defeat this presumably more-skilled version of Browbeat - but that hadn't happened.

When Browbeat finally emerges from the stairwell, he's met with an equal. My knight clashes with him directly, pinning him in place in a direct contest of strength and durability. To Browbeat's credit, he's putting his skills to work. My knight isn't a martial arts expert, it takes heavy, brute-enhanced hits to the body - trash and debris crumples and splits under the attacks, but the damage isn't real. In fact, it only refines the material to a smaller, looser form for the power to work with.

He doesn't realise that the power underneath it is invincible, guided by my hidden ash clone. He doesn't realise that the only way to weaken the knight is to tear the material clear from its body. And, most critically, he doesn't realise that the form of the 'knight' is merely an affectation. A suggestion to make mobility and movement easier. The true form of the power is flexible mass of tentacles, the original owner of the power had effortlessly made a spider to navigate a doorway on a whim - and while my version wasn't as flexible as that, it was fully capable of sacrificing it's appearance as a 'man' when needed.

Browbeat doesn't notice the creeping tendril of trash at his feet, he only notes that the knight is smaller and more sluggish than before. He doesn't glance behind him as a tendril emerges from the ground, the sharpest and sturdiest of materials pulled with it - the tendril surging in strength as the knight pumps more and more of its true form into it. The blade plunges into Browbeat's back just as the knight's body is torn in half, a roar of triumph cut short before he can turn his gaze onto me.

My ash clone is practical. The blade is withdrawn, and impales him again. Again. Again. If he's learned a good way to regenerate, it won't help him here. Again. Again. Ag-

SUCCESS

Reward: Browbeat+​

I'm on a roll. Can I make it four in a row? I eye the stage, momentarily stopping to appreciate that the heavily-built figure in the concealing, full-body costume that only served to outline muscles was gone - replaced by a grinning, amazon-like figure proudly displaying her muscled midriff for the world to see. She flexes and poses some more for the crowd, highlighting to me the vast differences between the two costumes. Far closer to the kind of shorts and sports-bra combination you might see at the gym than the skinsuit of before, proudly showing off well-defined thighs and biceps to the cheers and whoops from the crowd.

At that thought, I give a flat look to the suddenly very supportive crowd around me. The crowd that had been ready to leave just a few seconds ago, now cheering on her every move and pose. I hear someone distantly call out a confession, drawing the attention of a frowning security guard nearby.

As a guy, I'm offended. This says something about our society.

Also as a guy, I get it. Would.

No. That's not right. Will. I might have to keep my distance for now, but this girl would be mine for the taking before too long.

Browbeat
Hero (3/4)
(PREP) (CAGE) (ALRT)​

The challenge descriptors are changing fast on this one. It's almost weirding me out, I'm used to them staying roughly the same - but maybe it's more normal than I think, and I just haven't pushed most Capes far enough for it to be relevant. It shouldn't mean much in this case, just an approximation of the skill and experience of my opponent. The return of the CAGE modifier was painful, but I could try and repeat my previous trick - they might know about Parian and Clockblocker's power, but that didn't guarantee they would think about the threat of that particular combination. "Challenge."

I'd just have to tr- Close! I shift into my shadow state immediately, surging backwards and activating Vista's power to gain more space from the mountain of muscle that claps down on the space where my head just was. It surges forward, the distance seeming manageable for a moment, if not for the fact that Vista's power works the same for everyone. They cross the shrunken space in an instant, and I faintly realise that I genuinely don't have an escape tool that can help here. He- no, it's she now - is just faster than me by default. And she spawned way, way too close for me to make use of my previous strategies.

My third shadow state is depleted, my ash clone takes Parian's power and desperately starts to tug a thread free from my shirt to start working with as I try and use Browbeat's own power in defence. I'm fully grasped in a bear hug, my torso cracks as blood fills my mouth. I need-

FAILURE​

I take a moment to gather my breath.

Fuck that. That was bullshit. That was cheap. If they'd started out at a normal distance it would still have been fair. Or, as fair as it could be with the CAGE modifier denying my knight.

I let the bitterness fester for a moment before dismissing it. Fine. Whatever. It exposed a weakness, I suppose. There's still not much I can do about a Brute that's directly on top of me without warning. And there's a lesson to learn there about my version of Browbeat's power, immunity to brief hits is fine - but continuous pressure will get through the forcefield anyway, especially if the forcefield runs out of 'field' to distribute it to that isn't already under attack.

...I'm still a little bitter. That was a sneak attack. I don't think I have a good way to handle it anyway, but that's besides the point. My power is usually pretty fair with me about distances where enemies spawn in. What, should I expect to start the next fight with Hookwolf with me spooning the guy naked?

Bad image. Bad thought. Why did you even think that, Greg? At least wait until Hookwolf is a cute girl before having thoughts like that.

Ew. I shudder mentally, turning my gaze back onto the beaming girl on stage to cleanse the mental sin I just committed. She was finishing up her speech, should I be listening? I'm pretty sure the rest of the crowd isn't. I'd imagine it's something to do with the fact that, as part of the current power demonstration, her bulging muscles almost make it look like half her costume is ready to snap off and give everyone a show. I'm sure that's not the reality, it's probably some absurdly stretchy material that would survive Fenja wearing it to war - but that doesn't change the fact that the showcase has ended up being a little more engaging than she might initially have realised.

I make sure to shake my head at the crowd around me. Perverts, honestly. What is the world coming to? Unfortunately for them, the demonstration was coming to an end - her muscles shrinking back to their usual, still impressive, size.

Armsmaster returns to the front of the stage, signalling an end to the power showcase. "That is the end of this presentation. Thank you for your attention. The current team leader of the Brockton Bay Wards, Aegis, would like to say a few words now."

The Ward steps forward from behind the curtain.

Aegis
Brockton Bay Ward (1/6)
(TIME)​

I don't even bother to wait for the speech to start. "Challenge."

I spawn on the street. Relatively clean streets. Solid concrete all around. I'd have to destroy a few things to get my knight up to scratch. The TIME modifier is... three minutes? I softly swear at that. Five minutes is the most common one I see, but my power seems intent on not making things easy for me today - especially given that he hasn't even spawned in front of me or aggroed on me from the start.

But simply making enough noise should attract his attention. My knight, ash clone and myself set about breaking up the environment around us. Upturning soil, breaking up the pavement and hammering on walls, doors and windows to get my knight the material it needs. It's slow going, not a great area - but as my knight grows in strength, and I lean on Browbeat's power, we start to make faster work of it.

And then, naturally, we attract the attention of our foe. He drops on me from above, completely blindsiding me with a move that probably would have been lethal if Browbeat's power hadn't been in the active slot. Instead, it felt more like someone had used my head as a stepping stool out of nowhere.

God I loved having Brute powers.

Especially now that I knew that Aegis literally couldn't hurt me. He was a cockroach, but not really a very offensive one. Enhanced strength, but if that kind of kick from above couldn't help him - then nothing he could do would. I'd phase out of any grapples or containment foam, so this would be a one-sided affair.

If not for the timer. But I'd just have to make quick work of him. Which should be easy. He's fast in the air, but what can he really do? He comes at me directly again, and I simply take the hit directly - grab onto him and-

-and get carried directly upwards, away from the 3v1 I'd been hoping for.

Fair. I hadn't considered that as an option. I guess he could just fly away if he wanted, with me as a passenger or not. A one-on-one it is then. We grapple each other, and I swiftly realise that this is a doomed endeavour. I need to inflict a massive amount of damage to him in a short timeframe, Browbeat's power just wasn't enough - especially outside of the single-hits that it was so good at inflicting and mitigating. I'd seen Aegis shrug off a close-quarters struggle with Hookwolf just after his debut, he hadn't done much more than get to torn to shreds but at the end of the day - he just walked away from it. I couldn't exceed that with any single power unless he stood still for me. The only thing I can think of is trying to use Panacea's power destructively, but it's too slow - and I can see how effortlessly his own power is outpacing mine at adapting to the worst I can do.

Before long, the timer ticks over - and the rush of air in my ears changes course. A new timer begins, but I suspect that it won't be needed. Aegis slams me directly into the ground - the shadow state making his efforts useless, but it didn't matter. His reinforcements were here. A small stream of PRT troopers emerging from a line of trucks that appeared out of nowhere in the middle of the street. Everyone one of them armed, everyone of them aiming at the both of us.

And every one of them fires, seemingly uncaring of whether or not they hit Aegis too.

Which sucks, because he can take it. And I really can't. I get my answer on how Browbeat's power holds up to bullets. Acceptably for the first few bullets, incredibly poorly under a concentrated barrage.

FAILURE​

Well. That was decisive. I don't think I even have a solution there. Rooting myself to the ground somehow, perhaps Clockblocking some handles for myself - hiding indoors? But then, all he had to do was nothing - the pressure was on me to engage. If I took away his preferred strategy, he could just wait around for reinforcements. It wasn't even a matter of catching him and dragging him out of the air, he could pull upwards more than I could pull down - I didn't have a way to fix that.

All of this progress today, but Brutes are still my weakness. That's a bit frustrating.

"-to serve in the Wards program is one the highest callings-" Aegis drones on as I return to real life. I'm pretty sure I remember that line from Triumph's old speeches. Copying? Or, maybe I should give him the benefit of the doubt and call it a tribute.

No, fuck that. If he has an annoying challenge, he doesn't get the benefit of the doubt. Fuck him, speech-stealing bastard. I don't make the rules, just enforce them. Go easier on me next time if you want me be nicer with my mental accusations.

Boring. Three Capes on stage, three walls. I feel like I'm being taunted. Armsmaster seems as bored as me, because he steps up and interrupts Aegis's speech mid-sentence. "Due to suspected villainous activity in the nearby area, this event is cancelled. Please evacuate immediately in an orderly fashion through the exits at the rear and sides of the room." A momentary pause as the room stares at him. "This is not a drill. I repeat-"

Nobody moves, the hall falling into a momentary hubbub of confusion.

Then the front door implodes. I whirl around, catching the barest glimpse of a red-and-green painted truck with a rider hanging on top - throwing something into the air above the crowd-

Bomb? I activate Glory Girl's forcefield, but the package pauses in the air and hangs there. I scramble backwards anyway, as the crowd mostly stands transfixed - only a few people actually attempting to make an escape - only to be warded off by . "Good evening Brockton Bay." A crackly voice emanates from the floating device. "My name is Bakuda. The greatest and most intelligent Tinker that has ever graced this city. You are now all my hostages. This building is under my complete control and I could blow you all to smithereens on a whim. As proof of this, please direct your attention to the second-best Tinker on the stage."

The crowd shifts. Armsmaster doesn't move or react.

He continues to not move or react. Same with Aegis. Same with Browbeat. I dimly realise that he hadn't finished his speech, not because he'd been interrupted - but because he'd been stopped. Suspended in time.

Clockblocked? I surreptitiously pull my phone out as the closest members of the audience prod an invisible on the stage.

"I've taken the liberty of putting these so-called heroes in a timeout as proof of my capabilities. If you attempt to escape out of any of the doors or windows, I will simply blow you up-" A burst of flame erupts out of the front door, swiftly matched by a burst of icy wind that leaves icicles hanging off the walls nearby. "-so do be so kind as to stay well away so you aren't harmed by the fruits of my genius. However, please feel free to call the PRT and beg for them to save your miserable lives. I have no intention of stopping you as they are utterly incapable of matching me anyway."

I relax minutely. This lady had an ego on her, but a hostage situation was understandable territory. I think I was getting the gist of things now. This chick was a new trigger for the ABB, and she was making a scene that the heroes couldn't afford to ignore - and Lung was probably trying to break out Oni Lee right now. That was all understandable. Probably doomed, the heroes could split their focus two ways pretty comfortably unless this was coordinated with the other gangs - and the other gangs would be more than happy to watch the ABB lose here. Lung would be driven back, this chick would get tracked down pretty quickly and get captured - and everyone here would probably be safe.

Probably. I wouldn't be sticking around to find out. Not least because of the implication that she could blow everyone here up when she started losing. The hostage process would be long and arduous. And, quite frankly, I wanted to be out and about right now - Cape fights! Heroes! Villains! Plus, if I could find this Bakuda chick, a few challenges and I could probably sweet talk her down from this ill-conceived plan - and then move on to find Lung afterwards. All I needed to do was sneak off to the bathroom, and phase through walls until I was out. I doubted she cared about individual escapees anyway, so long as she had enough hostages to keep the Protectorate and PRT interested.

I make for the stairway as the spell on the crowd seems to break. Screams, some panic, some more running for the side doors only to be repelled. More reaching for phones to reach out to the PRT as first suggested, though I highly doubt they are unaware at this point. I duck into the bathroom, flip my clothes around and cover my face, then experimentally dip one hand into the back wall. No wires. I phase through. Again. Again. Last wall, I peer through to check for gunmen or arrogant-sounding Tinkers waiting on the other side - seeing none, I wait for two charges - then rush out, burning the second charge to handle the fall down to street-level. Bring up Glory Girl's forcefield.

No cries of alarm. No explosions. Safe.

First order of business. Retrieve costume. I'd just been at a public event. PHO detectives will out me if I show up in Cape footage with this as my disguise. Now I'm glad for my foresight. I wasn't really expecting the ABB, my money was on the Empire making a play - but this was exactly the kind of reason I kept it nearby. In the speed-state, I arrive at the stash in less than a minute - and I'm changed just two minutes after that. Ready. And, if I dare say so myself, looking awesome.

I make my way to the rooftop and-

-and that is a lot of ABB colours. A lot. And more streaming down the street. Blockades in the road to block the police at every junction, while members roam the surrounding streets in small groups firing guns into the air and generally making a nuisance of themselves.

Definitely looking to draw all the heroes in to restore order. The situation was a powder keg waiting to explode. The police wouldn't want to start a real shootout, they'd rather wait for the Cape business to resolve and pick up the stragglers afterwards. Law and order, the path of least bloodshed - you could always count on the authorities to be predictable around here.

What you couldn't count on, was the villains. Because I'm pretty sure the lightshow and flaming buildings three streets across is the result of Lung clashing with Dauntless - or perhaps New Wave. And if he's here, and the Tinker lady is presumably monitoring the hostages and distracting as many other heroes as she can - judging by the other periodic explosions I can see intermittently appear in the distance - then what happened to my prediction that this was all about Oni Lee? Was this just a blaze of glory from Lung? Overconfidence? That didn't seem like him.

But he was here. Not wherever Oni Lee was being stored. That was an inarguable fact.

...it didn't change anything. I am here. The villains are here. It's as simple as that. It's not the target that I'd been counting on today, but unless I'd misjudged the strength of this Bakuda outside of the admittedly-impressive trick of catching Armsmaster off-guard - and I'd wager that the entire building was compromised before he ever stepped foot in it - the ABB would all be in prison by the end of the day. Lung would be Birdcage-bound, and I would lose access to his power forever.

Can't have that now, can we? I've been looking forward to getting that one.

The hunt begins.

--

PHO Mobile

Thread: Void Cowboy Appreciation Thread

Author: XxVoid_CowboyxX

Displaying posts 341-342:
►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Original Poster) (Verified Cape)
About to go beat up Lung and his (probably cute) Tinker GF. Stand by for victory pics and Brockton Bay Power-Ranking updates.

►ShoHan
What the fuck is happening?

AN: Next chapter is on Patreon and SubscribeStar. 23k.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kurotsuki007, Inconsistent, Toddball and 558 others
Tamzar
Oct 29, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirty-Two
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jan 13, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,165
The first order of business was deciding how I should approach things. This was a much more public affair than my usual outings. Should I be making a point to go out of my way to save civilians? Should I wipe out as many of the gangbangers on the way through as I could? Or was it better to just make my way directly to the Cape fight? Was this 'Bakuda' the optimal target, or Lung?

Did I even want to be at the Cape fight? Maybe it was paranoia from my challenges repeatedly fucking me over, but I didn't see this situation as 'Lung and Bakuda randomly start a fight downtown' that I happened to stumble across. Running into Oni Lee back then was just bad luck. This was a fight that had been chosen by the ABB. Everything, from the stage the heroes had been speaking from, to the blockades covering the streets, to the bombs surrounding the building, to the location that Lung had started making a scene in - had been planned.

And that last one was my problem. It stinks. It's absolutely clear and obvious to anyone with a brain that the purpose of this fight is to, somehow, free Oni Lee. Yet, Lung starts a fight in the middle of town - miles from any likely holding facility. He miraculously finds a second Cape, yet that Cape also seems to be involved - at least, judging by how well-timed and directed the explosions inside the building, and now out on the streets as well - seems to be. I couldn't entirely rule out remote control while Bakuda frees Oni Lee, but the speech seemed live to me and we were looking at direct supervision at least. Plus, Bakuda was a completely new face in the Bay, they wouldn't need to announce her presence as the opening move - she would already be raiding a containment facility by the time anyone realised that there was another Cape around.

It just didn't line up. Bakuda, somewhere around here. Lung, here. The vast concentration of heroes, also here. Oni Lee, locked away somewhere that was not here. Why? Why had they chosen this, deliberately, as their opening move?

Option A - and maybe I was being paranoid - was that this was exactly that: This was just the opening move. Draw the heroes in, and repeat the trick against Armsmaster to get just one or two more heavy hitters. The fact of the matter was that the heroes in the Bay were rather top-heavy in terms of power budgets. Triumph, Velocity, Assault, Battery, most of the Wards, most of New Wave - they had their moments to shine against other villains, but not Lung. Not against that level of force and durability. Few people had the firepower to put him down, most would just escalate the fight into causing more havoc to the city and the people nearby.

Against Lung, the hero-aligned options were far more limited. Armsmaster and Dauntless. I could add in my challenge-earned knowledge and concede that Miss Militia could be added to that list in a desperate situation, but would be unlikely to use the firepower needed. Kid Win's alternator cannon... maybe if he somehow landed a clean hit. That thing had hit hard in the bank challenge, but I'd count on Lung if I had to bet. Otherwise... what, praying for Clockblocker or Vista to safely use their powers to stall and isolate him? Outside of their top two or three fighters, all the Protectorate had were niche options and the nuclear-threat of running and crying to the Triumvirate if Lung caused too much trouble.

That was it. New Wave had tried and failed to handle him as an entire team before, so I'd count them out entirely. The Wards would be held back from a fight with Lung by default, likely redirected to crowd-control duty. The literal kind, redirecting civilians to safety and the like. Armsmaster was out of commission thanks to Bakuda. The fact was that the face of heroic resistance against whatever Lung wants to do today... was Dauntless, with potential support from the very-squishy Miss Militia. But really, just Dauntless.

So naturally, he'd be drawn to Lung's position like a fly to honey. I could already see the flash of lights in the distant flames that I was pretty sure was him. But did he even fully understand what had happened to Armsmaster yet? Did he realise that the street he was charging his opposition in, could be covered in all kinds of exotic bombs ready to take him out of the fight as well? I can well imagine how simple it must be to create a bomb that would take out Dauntless but that a ramped-up Lung would simply shrug off.

Or was I overthinking it? Because there was a second option. Option B: They did this not because they needed to wipe out the people who can stop them, but because simply forcing the heroes to respond is enough. They fulfil their role as distractions while the jailbreak happens elsewhere. A third Cape under Lung's control? Another trigger, on top of Bakuda? Could Lung really have gotten so lucky?

Did he even need luck? Faultline's crew had done jailbreaks for money before. Even Circus might be enough with the heroes drawn away. Oni Lee would be utterly trivial to break out, they wouldn't be keeping him sedated full time - he was likely restrained only by virtue of lacking the line-of-sight to get to an escape route. Opening even the slightest hole in his cell would enable him to leave any facility in seconds.

But then again, did I care? I was on the side of the heroes, but I wasn't exactly on the side of 'keep the villains locked away'. Aside from the teensy detail that Oni Lee probably still wants to kill me, it was better for me if he was out and about - I couldn't challenge him from whatever cell they were keeping him in - and even the first level of Oni Lee's power had become a core component of my fighting style. I owed so many victories and synergies to that abiility already, and there was so much potential for it to grow even further in future challenges.

What a pain. I'm torn between two trains of thought on all fronts. Let the ABB win so Oni Lee is a viable target again and the rest of the ABB Capes remain a challenge target? Help the PRT to get my challenges in now, secure my reputation and get away from the persistent threat of Lung jumping my ass in a back alley? My challenge-instincts say that this could be a trap and I should stay well clear of any fights, sniping glances at the major Capes to get my challenges in from positions of safety. My real-life side tells me that Lung doesn't do that, and that being seen around - but not helping - is going to hurt my reputation.

I'm not concerned about my own situation if Oni Lee is out and about, but it isn't just about me anymore. I could survive an ambush. Taylor can't. And if I want to go through with expanding the influence of the Merchants as I slowly take control of them, a weaker, sluggish ABB would help with that. Or should I just disregard that risk, knowing that it wouldn't take too many victories for the target on my back to disappear? I was a lot stronger now than the last time I fought Oni Lee, I might genuinely be able to solve the problem today.

A part of me is surprised I'm even bothering to think like this at all. I'm usually not so paranoid, but the sudden shift in the situation has thrown me off my game. Seeing Armsmaster - of all people! - so effortlessly taken out of the equation had me doubting what I could achieve myself. I had a better understanding than most about my strength relative to everyone else in the Bay, and seeing a local top-tier get taken out easily was enough to kill my usual sense of bravado. Cheap trick? Sure. But I had no idea how much preparation time the Tinker had in the lead-up to this moment. Was that one attack the peak of their craft, something that had taken weeks and months to make? Or was that a glimpse of a basic application of their speciality, and they actually had both the time and resources to easily cover the city with similar traps in preparation for this showdown with the Protectorate?

To say nothing of what might happen if Lung spotted me. He was undoubtedly already ramped up. I'd ran away from him before in Emma's challenges - and frankly, if he was already at a decent size and noticed me before I was in my speed-state, I was dead. My speed-state was just enough to get away and stay away when he started from his base state before growing during the chase. So even just getting close to get a glimpse wasn't completely safe, not when I already knew I was on his most-wanted list. I'd only want to be around him when I had plenty of backup next to me, because as good as Dauntless was at keeping himself out of the dragon-man's grasp - I had my doubts about his ability to save me nearly as effectively. And that was completely ignoring the possibility of being blindsided by the Tinker.

And on top of all of that, it didn't even need to be a Cape that did me in. I flick my eyes across the intervening space between my position and the distant battle several rows of streets away. Hundreds of buildings. Thousands of potential sniper spots. Unfamiliar territory to me, so I couldn't even leap sideways into a wall with confidence without the risk of hitting electricity.

Yes. My challenges were unfair. They generated bullshit, unreasonable scenarios constantly. Real life wasn't so weighted in my enemies favour. But it had drilled something into me. How not to die like a bitch. Because as much as I try and rationalise that I'm probably overthinking this, I can't give myself an honest reason why I shouldn't expect the worst from a scene so obviously intended to attract the attention of any and all heroes in the area. I knew the reason why my power didn't allow guns, and that was because most enemies just didn't have a Brute rating. Most of the heroes responding were alive because of luck, and a general aversion to escalating shared by the majority of their likely foes - but I wasn't really the type to assume mercy and luck would be on my side these days. Not when walking into enemy territory like this.

I flick my gaze downwards to the police cars lining up in a concave around the closest barricade. That? That was fine. The ABB couldn't have set things up here so easily. It would have been too hard to sneak regular people past the patrols and security checks. But over there? In the convenient area that had never had to stand up to the scrutiny of Armsmaster checking security? That never had security patrols and inspections for people even drawing close to the street? There could be anything over there.

Was I really thinking about walking away? Surely not. "Come on Greg, you can't chicken out with the grand prize right there." Lung and Dauntless, plus a capable mystery Tinker waiting around somewhere. A gold mine for me.

My attempt to psyche myself up fails. I remain rooted in place at the overhanging roof I'd landed on. Fear. That was my issue. Not the paralysing sort that leaves you unable to act in the moment, but the surge of paranoia and caution that comes from real life being no different to playing a game on ironman mode. No saves. No second life. Was the leap into the unknown really worth it? The treasure chest is right there in sight, as long as I don't roll the metaphorical one. But the game-over screen is right there too. Is this really the right course of action? Would a delay of another week really be that painful? The snowball was already rolling downhill, did I need to risk breaking it on a sharp rock when I could just weave to the side?

The safe play is to walk away. Take the guaranteed path to power. Lurk in the shadowy corners of the streets and take my challenges where I could snipe a glance at the fighters without being seen.

But to continue the ironman metaphor... the safe play was always to never leave the starting zone. Never take on a dangerous quest. Never take on that challenging raid. Just sit there, grinding mobs and digging up plants to level to 99 without any possibility of death. But that wasn't playing the game. Wasn't being true to the reason gamers opted into that kind of challenge in the first place.

My shoulders untense. Right. Video games truly did hold all the wisdom of the world. Why worry about what the villain of this act was plotting anyway? I'd already established that either outcome was something that I could adapt to and use to my advantage. The details would unfold when they needed to unfold. None of the other heroes would be beating themselves up over whether they should try and fight Lung or do what they were actually best at, so why should I? I'd fit right in the crowd by simply leaving Dauntless to it and prioritising everything else first. Hostages. ABB gang members. Bakuda. Maybe even saving Armsmaster for the ultimate street cred experience.

A grin spreads across my face. Yes. That was it. That was perfect. That was the shape of the level I was in right now. A challenge without being a challenge. Beat the mobs. Save the NPCs. Acquire reputation among my peers. Take out the miniboss. And then, and only then, would I consider the final boss and what kind of difference I could make there without getting unceremoniously taken out like Armsmaster or worse.

It was that simple. I was a hero. There were villains here. That was enough.

There was no need to limit my options for no reason, splitting this into a pure 'fight Lung 1v1' or 'hide like a coward' situation. Nobody else, aside from Dauntless and a few ranged Capes, was even considering that first one as a realistic option. I should just take a page out of Velocity's book. Show up. Be seen, and then run away to contribute to smaller-scale problems that are more my pay-grade. The fact is, even though I do have some tools that could be used against Lung - they can be a bit clunky. Hard to hit on a moving, resisting target. Something I was willing to try in a challenge, but not something I wanted to opt-into when my life was on the line.

So. Take out the small fry first. Easy enough to do. The ABB forces and the police were both seemingly content to have a standoff everywhere they met, at least as far as I could see from here. And I... could definitely do something about that. If I was worried about Lung and his Tinker - then all I had to do was free up more and more heroic resources to pressure him and draw more tricks out of them. It wasn't like I had to challenge them now or miss my chance forever, I could catch them on the retreat too - and if they got captured... people could hardly blame me for sneaking a parting shot at the defeated as they get secured in the van.

I drop off the last roof with a burst of decisiveness. I spin up my knight as I hit street-level, but don't reveal myself right away - waiting patiently for thirty seconds until it was large enough to be a threat all on its own. Then, I send out my minion - the thin tendril connecting it to my ash clone near-invisible in the fading evening light. I grin to myself at the sound of panicked yells from the ABB goons lazing around the street, bursts of gunfire, the sound of something detonating - and then finally some foreign-sounding expletives accompanying the screech of tires as one car after the other makes some distance, only to realise that they're stuck between my knight and the very unhappy police.

I consider the scene before stepping out. Two gangbangers on the ground. One car with a gaping hole in the side of it. Nicely done. One of the fallen men tosses a grenade at the knight. I frown at that. He's too close, that explosion could kill him. I mentally shift my focus back to my ash clone to indirectly-order the knight to shield the man before bringing Glory Girl's forcefield back onto myself.

A moment later, I realise I didn't need to bother. And that I need to mentally adjust my expectations for the threat level of the 'normies' of the ABB. Because the grenade doesn't explode. It activates. A solid, perfect sphere of flame engulfs my knight and then stays there - not an explosion, not a flame, just a shimmering orb of controlled fire that starts to melt and ignite parts of the nearby car out of pure proximity as both of the gang members backpedal away from the scene.

I mentally add another digit to my estimation of their Tinker. Not because of the effect, but because a complete nobody had been given it. The effect whimpers out after a few more seconds, my knight still standing despite the smoking, molten ruin that it was now encased in. Durability was never a question for it, and the gangbangers seem appropriately horrified that their very-lethal method of attack had been shrugged off by their opponent.

As they should be. That was lethal force, whether they realised what that grenade could do wasn't really important. Retaliation would have been very justified for a normal Cape. Alas, I'm not normal. Just too heroic and wholesome for my own good.

I quietly circle around their line-of-sight, Vista's power placing me next to them before they even realise they're under attack. Browbeat's power makes them easy to handle - I was more than capable of snapping limbs and breaking bones with just my base strength and a good angle. Browbeat's power made it into a joke. And to think, I didn't even have access to its full synergistic potential, this was just the forcefield generated by my... well. I didn't exactly have noodle arms these days, I was muscular and well-built across the board - but I wasn't a full adult. My body wasn't a steroid-abusing bodybuilder's dream and it certainly wasn't anything close to the absurdity of the self-modification that Browbeat had done to themselves in the challenge.

All of that, and I was still throwing around two full-grown men like they were toddlers. I don't blink at the screams of pain and agonising-sounding cracks and snaps, I can't trust them after throwing an attack like that out. I'm not even sure that my shadow state would survive a Tinker attack like that - so they can just consider their mistakes in the hospital.

The sound of tortured metal announces the failure of the would-be-escapees to dodge my knight. The occupants of the vehicle scramble away, racing towards the police lines with hands above their heads rather than entrust their fate to the seemingly-unstoppable, vengeful figure of my half-molten knight. They're quickly taken into custody.

I frown as nervous-looking police edge towards me, weapons and riot shields raised but not pointed directly at me. "I'm Void Cowboy. Hero. Don't mind me." I make a dismissive gesture. They seem to relax, but don't entirely lower their guard as I step away - Glory Girl's shield fully active just in case someone gets... twitchy.

"New costume? Looks good on you!" One policewoman walks up, less cautious than most. "Though I see you haven't made much of an improvement on subduing criminals peacefully." I note the floating '3/4' in her challenge box. Huh. What were the odds? I didn't recognise her, but must have been someone I've run into on my patrols.

Kind of cute. Shame she isn't alone.

And this isn't the time for that anyway.

I shake my head. "Don't want to take any risks in case they had more Tinkertech like that in their pockets." I gesture at the near-spherical hole in the street nearby, already cooling from its angry red glow. "I might be able to take it, maybe, but if they pretended to surrender and tossed that at one of you guys... well. Even if Panacea was standing right here, I don't think anyone would walk away from it."

The other police start to relax as the conversation continues. They fan out, a few inspecting the damaged cars, a few racing down the street past us and others returning to their own vehicles to relocate closer to the hostage-crisis.

"They're not all that bad. And I'm pretty sure most of these jokers don't have a clue what they're holding. Heard one guy accidentally dropped it, tried to kick it away - his entire leg turned into crystal. Unless it turns back, he's losing that leg." Another cop offers. "Still, should be grateful for their Tinker being such a weirdo. A real explosion would have killed him five-times-over from that range."

"Guess the special effects have their own limitations." I nod. "But I don't think anyone is keen on testing those when it comes to what the Tinker was showing off in the main building. Whatever she used to freeze Armsmaster, and the little system she's got blocking the doors and windows off to stop the hostages from leaving whenever - the only person I'd really trust to defuse it is... well. Armsmaster."

"Tough break. Chatter was that Kid Win was going to come down and give his opinion, but getting through to the venue has been difficult so far - and they obviously had their reasons to take the long route. This whole thing only gets worse if Lung gets his claws wrapped around a Ward as a hostage to keep the big guns away." A gruff-sounding man adds his thoughts as the groaning ABB members are led away.

I nod to myself. "Sounds like helping clear the path for him is the most productive thing I can do right now. Unless you know where the Tinker is hiding?" I add the last question in a hopeful tone.

"Not a clue." One gruff-looking man speaks up. "Even if we knew that, we wouldn't be able to spare anyone to go after them. We're stretched too thin as it is. WIth the Empire kicking off too, there isn't even enough Capes to go around for this mess."

"The Empire?" I tilt my head. "Oh, grabbing Victor and Krieg, I guess. I forgot about them." Mostly because I wasn't involved. Well. This was the exact reason I didn't pay much attention to news like that anyway. The PRT was playing softball with everyone right now. Aside from Lung and Hookwolf, prison security may as well not exist for all the effort that goes into stopping breakouts. Sure, you can't position Capes there permanently for an attack that could happen at literally any time - but it would be somewhat nice if the PRT put effort into keeping criminals secure even if they weren't Birdcage-bound.

No, that was a lie. That was what the old Greg used to think, obviously I have a different perspective now and PRT levelling up their game would be terrible for me now - but still. I understand not wanting to force the Empire into an all-or-nothing, blood-on-the-streets battle with the law over some street-level Capes... but things are never going to get better if you don't just... ask Strider to swing by and leave them on a deserted island for a month or two while the courts get everything in order. Throw them in a random cop car and drive them three hundred miles up-country. Why not? Was there a rule that criminals had to be kept somewhere so local and easy to break into? Maybe there was. That would explain it.

Or maybe, people were just happy to not rock the boat. I was a terminally-online Cape nerd, I pay attention to the state of the Bay. But most people didn't really know or care about the day-to-day happenings between the gangs or the balance of power in the city. They wouldn't ever see a Cape fight in person, or seriously note the effects of their presence in the Bay. A few dozen people in a city boasting hundreds of thousands of people. There was a legitimate argument that, given the choice of excising all the gangs from the Bay and fixing the rail network or clearing out the Boat Graveyard - picking the gangs would be the least effective choice for change in the Bay.

But infrastructure projects didn't shoot lasers or fly last time I checked, so fuck that. And the argument only held true as long as everyone agrees to keep the kid gloves on - and that wasn't the safest assumption to make when the gangs were fully prepared to kill each other or die trying.

"Right. Seems like every prison and holding facility across the city is getting hammered today. Not to mention all the random lowlifes kicking off. Heard some freak abducted the mayor's niece in broad daylight the moment they realised the police were all busy. Involving some kid for, what, a bit of ransom money to pay for drugs? I hate this city sometimes." A pair of cops nod to each in commiseration before joining the inspection of the nearest car and dragging away a selection of weaponry from inside. The crowd around me has thinned now, any concern about me being a threat long-since removed - just a trio of cops that have yet to split off to their own tasks.

Or, correction, one cop and two uniformed PRT officers. Same thing in my book, but I don't think they would agree in more peaceful times.

"I get it. All that effort, and they're out in the space of a few weeks." I shake my head. "I guess most Capes that can't do anything against Lung will be heading off the Empire. Where's Kid Win coming in from? If he's got any ideas on freeing Armsmaster, that's probably the best way to stop the ABB - and we can solve the hostage crisis at the same time."

The two PRT officers hesitate as one while their comrades continue to filter past them. "I don't know if that's the kind of information we should hand out-" One grimaces. "I know you're on our side, but we can't really hand out-"

I cut a hand through the air to stop their apologies. "I get it, I get it. Got to be even more careful when they're Wards, right? I respect that. I wouldn't want to force it out of you." I draw in a breath, then near-inaudibly release it again. "Challenge."

It doesn't take long. In fact, it takes no time at all for the steady stream of success notifications to speed through my view. These guys were only slightly more difficult than an average civilian because of their fitness and the fact that they were all armed in their challenges. But, factors like that didn't matter to me these days. The modifiers weren't strong enough. They would need a small army to even make me need to think about the difficulty of the challenge.

Oh, my power could do that. Sure it could. It didn't need the presence of Capes to make things hard. But equally...

Well. It was obvious that it wasn't trying to do that. In fact, these were possibly some of the easiest challenges that I've ever done with the way they rush at me without any attempt at their only real chance to win - an ambush.

But it makes sense. I like to think I've gotten a good grasp on my power's tendencies these days. The way it rewards some behaviours, punishes others. And while it was certainly possible that pure, dumb luck had resulted in these easy challenges being raced through with ease - I trust my gut feelings when it comes to my power.

"You don't want to waste any more time on these guys than I do, do you?" I ask nobody in particular as I pad through an unfamiliar police station.

"Die!" My target lunges around a corner, pistol barking rapidly.

Shadow State. Browbeat. Vista. Shadow State. Kick to the head. Dismiss success screen. Challenge again.

I hum to myself as the world reforms around me. "I mean, that wasn't any fun for anyone. No challenge to it. But, in real-life terms - it's valuable for me to keep doing these, right? Way more than I already am. But... these aren't exactly the big-ticket brawls you like stretching out." I continue. "This time, it's just a half-dozen fights for a bit of information. But... you don't want me doing this hundreds and hundreds of times, do you? Maybe before, when it was still a struggle - but that doesn't really apply anymore, does it?"

I get no response. I didn't expect one in the first place.

I burst through the next door in the shadow state. The victim has their back turned to me. Dead. Success. Goodbye.

A ghostly challenge box appears next to the newly-completed policewoman's head, overlaid over her personal challenge box.

Brockton Bay Security Forces

1/3

(GANG) (FOCS) (CTRL) (LUST) (PREP) (TIME)

NOT ENOUGH INFLUENCE​

Well. That wasn't there before. I parse it for a moment. An interesting title, actually. Security forces wasn't the title of a specific group, but I'd wager that it encompassed both the normie-PRT forces and the BBPD together. That made the challenge a little harder, but also a little more rewarding if I could claim victory.

Sure. That will do. Only trouble is that error stopping me from trying my luck right now. I've only seen that organisation-level challenge box for the Empire so far, and the message stopping me from actually challenging it then was still the same. I hadn't quite worked out if it indicated a need to beat more challenges among their members overall as I first assumed, or, like Leet, develop a sufficient level of reputation or closer bonds in real life first.

I was okay with either option. They went hand-in-hand at the end of the day. I wasn't bothered about the inability to attempt it right at this moment. It wasn't needed now anyway, and I wasn't going to pretend that I'd already largely suborned the entire police department to my will already and deserved to 'sweep' the rest of it already, or that my 'infiltration' had even gotten that deep into the overall structure. My power was just highlighting it as an option for the future, and it gives me an interesting tool to test out in the future when I can start sniping and interacting with more senior members of the police force. Might save me some time on the 'chore' of easy civilian challenges in the future.

And then I could find out what happened on a victory for that type of challenge. Would it create a new challenge 'floor' for all the members to act as a new baseline? Could a new power be on the cards? Or some kind of, organisation-wide trend or inefficiency when it came to following up on anything I did? There were a lot of possibilities, but this would be a lot easier to achieve than the one for the Empire - taking a day or three later on to find out could be a good move.

"Come on, it's not like he's with the ABB - and there's not much harm that he can even do with that information while they're playing safe anyway. If he can free them up, great." One of the trio interjects, newly enthusiastic about sharing information after completing her challenges.

"I suppose that's true." One wets her lips as her eyes trail down my new costume. "We need all the help we can get. Triumph was waiting outside the venue at the time of the attack, so he's been keeping the back half of the building clear of any thugs in the hope that the heroes can navigate past the doorway without alerting the Tinker if there's nobody around to let her know that people managed to get in."

"Only trouble is that the ABB aren't making it easy to move through the streets at all. I don't know if they're aware of what the Empire has been doing, but they must know that they'd be crushed out in the open like this if not for the hostages - so they're doing everything they can to stop us from getting too close to the building to work on freeing the hostages."

"And it's a new Tinker, so nobody knows if she's bluffing or crazy." I conclude.

A nod. "Anyway, last I heard they were coming along-" She takes out a phone and fiddles with it for a moment. "-here." I nod at the map. There's a mall nearby, I've been there a few times - not in real life though. "But they didn't want to just blow through and let the Tinker know who is approaching from where, so they're waiting for the police to clear a path."

"Very patient of them." Wasn't Shadow Stalker on console duty right now? She must be hopping and screaming in outrage right now. She'd definitely already be inside the building alone right now if she had the chance, hoping to find the Tinker in some hidden closet somewhere. But the rest of the Wards? They were all too happy to sit tight and wait for orders. The bank challenge highlighted that clearly enough, otherwise I'd never have pulled out the win. "I guess I'll go and knock some heads together in that direction. Will you be alright here?"

"Don't worry about us, we won't be doing much until we get reinforcements. Last thing we want to do is get ourselves surrounded by pushing faster than everyone else." One of them waves a hand down the street, where more cop cars were already fanning out in a new concave closer to the venue - another would-be-blockade from gangbangers that didn't seem to have much concern over whether they had a way out or not.

Faith in Lung, I suppose. If Lung continued his rampage, and offered the PRT a truce in exchange for the return of any of his gang - they would take it. The PRT weren't a gang in the truest sense. They couldn't just take the approach that hurt their rivals the most, that crippled their enemies the most - they were there to preserve lives. And if that meant being predictable against an overwhelming threat, then that's just what it meant.

"I'll get going then." I wave and shift into my speed-state, waiting out the paralysis before turning to leave.

"Hey, if you want to give me your number - I can let you know any updates that we get-" One voice is cut-off by the scandalised giggling of another - and I disappear down the street before I can hear any more.

I head back towards the venue first. I hadn't made a huge amount of distance during my escape from my perspective, just a few streets and rooftops to gain some distance - but it was easy to see how the ABB had effectively blocked off every intersection that normal people would take. I blitz past a few attempted blockades to return to the venue. Just outside the front entrance, armed ABB are swarming - half-a-dozen faces turn towards me in alarm as I approach, too slow to do anything but start to point weapons in my direction. But they aren't the interesting thing here. Above them, a circular drone hovers in the air - the slightly-feminine figure of who I could only assume was Bakuda outlined in a hologram projection above it.

"A hero?" The drone barks out, the voice distorted by the heightened perception of the speed-state as it attempts to race after me. "You won't-"

I leave. The fact that Bakuda could see through that, and therefore be distracted through it - was useful information, but not something that I needed right now. But perhaps something that I could use later?

"How dare you ignore-" The slow roar of outrage behind me fades into the distance as I keep moving. I'm sure she'll get over being ignored, I'll apologise later - when she's in a better mood and fewer clothes. If her challenges were anything close to Squealer in terms of difficulty, that wouldn't take long once I get eyes on her.

I rush through the streets. One blockade. Two. Three. It seemed impractical, but in some ways it almost felt less like a gang takeover and more... concentrated disorder. Moving up to the rooftops, it's easy to see places where the ABB had set-up originally and later abandoned as the police did their best to restore order. If it was the Empire, this would make a lot of sense - regular law enforcement wouldn't want to push without Cape support out of fear that any of the dozen-odd Capes in their employ would show up to face them - but here? They were getting pushed back across the board, save for a few streets that seemed to have new 'fixtures' - warped scenery and obviously parahuman effects, likely courtesy of more of that Tinker's work. Not too effective in a fight, but it did cut off the street as a viable approach path.

...but it still wasn't a winning strategy. And that isn't a comforting thought, because I've never considered Lung as stupid. To me, it means he's either utterly confident in winning his duel against Dauntless and any support from New Wave - leaving the normie-troops with nothing to do other than flee as he rescues his gang, or he's confident that Oni Lee will be joining him to give the ABB the mobility and force projection needed to stop the ABB from nearly dissolving overnight with how much he could stand to lose here.

Or both. The heroes of Brockton Bay didn't exactly have a good track record of stopping Lung on a rampage, so whatever he was planning - there was always going to be the plan C of just taking the fight into a populated neighbourhood until the PRT folded to his demands like wet paper. The advantage of being the strongest guy in the Bay right there, I'd be looking forward to that kind of privilege myself one day.

My target is obvious as I approach. Or rather, familiar. It might look like a fairly non-descript police convoy to others - but between the heavier escort, the heavy presence of PRT uniforms in the mix and simple recognition of the van used to carry the Wards in the bank challenge - there was never any chance of me overlooking my prey.

I scan my eyes across the closest troopers, sweeping through a few challenges before jumping down - just to help cool any potential misunderstandings before they begin.

"Void Cowboy?" Maybe I didn't need to bother. I'm intercepted, not by a trooper - but by a more familiar costume. "Thought I saw you around. What are you doing here, exactly?"

"Velocity." I incline my head at him. I might have liked to take the opportunity to complain about his career win/loss record, his inability to capitalise on his strengths and his oh-so-crippling weaknesses - but this was hardly the time. Velocity was still a hero. I could respect him, even while maintaining the agenda that he was bottom three when you ranked every Cape in the Bay - no matter what PHO had to say about how he could 'speedblitz' everyone.

Except he was a little bit... hm. Not 'hostile', that would be the wrong word. Aloof? Standoff-ish? Projecting the impression of wanting me gone? Understandable, given how he was presumably looking to protect the Wards and - in normal circumstances - they probably wanted to limit my exposure to more powers. This wasn't normal circumstances. Lighten up, Velocity. Be glad I'm on your side.

I'd avoided this challenge when I'd first seen the modifiers. Because they told the exact story of how the challenge would go even before I ventured inside - REAL and WRLD. Both implying that this version of him would act near-exactly like the real version would.

In other words, he would duck and run for hours rather than take a single fair fight against an unknown like me. He'd throw grenades at my feet until I was bored of dodging them, and I'd never get much of a chance to hit him in return. I'd never be able to cleanly escape, but nor would I be able to engage.

But that just meant that I needed to be more inventive. "Challenge."

I glance around as I spawn in. This was... close to the docks, I think. Not anywhere near any Protectorate building that I knew of. So, where was he? The REAL modifier implied that he would be doing his usual routine- ah.

The question is answered for me as a blur appears in the distance, then disappears. Then, twenty seconds later - reappears once more. He's on patrol, he spots me, he engages.

Naturally, he's fast - and he doesn't have the same issues switching in and out of the speed-state that I do. Fortunately, his hits are closer to a forceful wind than the devastating haymakers it must seem like from his perspective - but nothing I attempt to return even gets close to landing. Which was predictable, but I wasn't just about to let him beat on me for free.

A clinking sound attracts my attention, causing me to look down even as Velocity momentarily drops out of his speed-state to deliver a real punch to the head. Painful. But not quite as painful as the active grenade at our feet promised to be. I fade to shadow as he makes some distance between us. Containment foam. I couldn't assume he'd stay away from the real ordinance he had access to through the WRLD modifier, but that was most likely what he had closest to hand. I need a second charge of the shadow state to escape - and some foam droplets still cling and spread across my leg even after that.

Annoying. I'd been deliberately not showing off every trick I had, precisely because I needed a trick. My biggest advantage in this fight was that he didn't know what I could do. The PREP modifier would have made him unstoppable, but without it... I had a chance. Shadow Stalker was one of the ones I would have preferred to conceal, letting me escape containment foam when he thought I was trapped - but that only worked if I had a good angle to slip out from, not in the middle of the street.

Angles. Escape routes. That was my biggest problem right now. I needed to get indoors, somewhere with limited access where he couldn't just blitz through and trap wherever I went in advance - where I could cut off an escape route and turn this into a pseudo-ZONE modifier.

And he would have to follow me, no matter where I went - because I was a Tinker, and he had to suspect that. In reality, the anti-stalling measures tended to punish Tinkertech solutions to my problems - but just the threat of it should be enough here. The NPCs never seemed to plan around that hidden 'buff'.

All I had to do was actually get away. Simultaneously, not difficult at all, and yet very difficult. The second containment foam grenades is handled just like the first. The one after that has him waiting with a taser at the other end. The unending respawns of my ash clone saves me as I collapse in pain, taking the opportunity to shelter in a nearby building and let him struggle to open locked doors and windows to get to me.

Hah. Just a taste of what is to come. I still don't dare to move into the speed-state. My 'debuff' in that state is far worse than his, and he's still faster anyway. He'd beat me to a pulp if he spotted me.

Just had to take it slow.

Wait, no I didn't. My ash clone starts to build my knight - demolishing the room around me. Then the room next door, then the floor, the ceiling, the roof. My knight surges and grows, the flexibility and speed fading in favour of pure size - but a short scramble has me sitting atop it all, towering over the rooftops as the giant knight shambles forwards with my ash clone safely ensconced inside.

This knight couldn't even truly form limbs, let alone mount a true attack other than slowly falling on something - but it was practically impervious to anything Velocity did. And it meant that if he wanted to attack me, he'd have to climb the small mountain of debris and face me rather than casually dropping a grenade in a drive-by. It wasn't an invincible combination, but it did slow his attacks down - a lot.

And that gave me the time I needed to slowly shamble towards my destination. The waterfront. And with it, the oil rig. With the Protectorate armoury, the security-controlled corridors, the countless rooms where I knew the passwords and he certainly didn't, doors that only opened at a set-pace automatically... and there was even Armsmaster's lab too, not that I'd actually gotten inside that yet. Shadow Stalker's power hadn't found an opening back then, but maybe I could just bludgeon down the door now? Another time, not now.

My knight shambles into the water, floating despite it by all appearances seeming that it shouldn't - the benefit of being made up of so many standard housing materials held together by weightless tentacles. Velocity comes chasing after me. I can run on water, so can he. But he seems at a loss on what to do, and that's the downside of his power. He's a one-trick pony. A useful tool for the team as a whole, but his offensive power is just limited. Helplessly, he follows me to the oil rig as his supplies run out. He attempts to shove me into the water a few times, hoping that he might be able to drown me with his larger body if given the chance - but he abruptly gives up as my knight sheds enough of its extra mass to manipulate its limbs again - and nearly manages to pin him in place long enough for my Browbeat-infused fist to disintegrate his head.

No worries. Keep following, my friend. I dismiss the ash clone and make my way through the main entrance. Security override codes are the same. Twice in a row, he actually has the nerve to interfere with my attempts to put in the right password. It's petty and absurd, but he's got nothing left at this point. To normal people, he must look overwhelming shifting in and out of his speed-state - but it only takes a few defensive powers to completely neuter his toolkit to a simple tool for running away.

He still follows me as I advance deeper into the base. Was the REAL modifier helping here? I wonder if he might have chosen to keep his distance and retreat if I'd chosen to lead him into some tunnels or some unknown base instead - perhaps attacking his 'home base' was causing him to prioritise defending it from the invader? If not for the nature of the simulation, my presence here would be a threat to a lot of people - so maybe that played into the 'logic' he was using.

Either way, he follows me into the deathtrap. When I go down the elevator, he takes the next one down to match me. When I head into the corridor, he's just behind me out of reach. Looking for a chance. An opportunity. Perhaps, seeing me reach the secure levels - he's hoping to utilise the defensive systems against me somehow. As soon as I opened the armoury, he'd probably try and drop every grenade inside on me in sequence - hoping to overwhelm every defensive tool I had and take away any chance I had of using the items inside to beat him.

Tough shit. I don't need that. I type the wrong code into the security door deliberately. Again. Again. Again. Again. If he realises my plan, there was nothing he can do about it anyway. The lights turn red, an alarm starts to blare all around us - and every door seals tight and locks completely shut. The elevator he took previously, already called away by my ash clone. We're both locked in here. But that's only a problem for him.

"The modifiers kind of suck for you." I admit out loud, phasing through one specific spot in the wall where the cables inside don't get in the way. I emerge with a containment foam grenade a few seconds later. I pull it, and drop it where I stand before heading back. And again. "WRLD actually helps me more than you, right? My actual powers can't hit you, but all of these weapon caches give me opportunities I wouldn't be able to use in a normal challenge. You can't even play for a TIME modifier, you don't get knowledge of what my powers were. The REAL modifier isn't about difficulty, but just makes you act differently." Another foam grenade, I see that he's knocked the others away to the far side of the corridor. That's fine. I have more.

Five. Ten. Fifteen. A full half of the corridor is flooded from the floor the ceiling. He has one bright idea of sealing the 'entrance' I was using in the wall instead, and admittedly, that made things more awkward. Rather than inexpertly trying to throw grenades in the shadow state or work out how to get the dissolving agent to work, I just join him on his side of the room.

"If you want to die like a man, this is your chance." I inform him honestly. "Otherwise, I'm going back in there and getting the real grenades. You can't dodge that in a space this confined."

He regards me silently for a moment, then raises his fists into a guard position.

"Suit yourself." I step forward. My ash clone stirs next to me. I activate Browbeat's power and leave it active.

I said I'd let him die like a man, not that I'd make it fair. It takes me three minutes to finally catch him, my ash clone doing a diving tackle on his legs to stall him for just a moment as he shifts out of his speed-state to try and land an attack. I grab his arm. Immediately, he stops trying to retreat - flailing and attacking with renewed fury, shifting to attempting eye-gouges instead once it becomes obvious that his attacks don't do anything of note against Browbeat's power.

One punch. Two punch. Three punches. For a moment, I'm jealous at how well he takes the hits. Without the extra artificial damage my version of his power ensures I take, he can just roll with every single punch, every impact stretched into the equivalent of seconds to reduce the force applied. But that's where the jealousy ends, because I just stop hitting him. My attempt to break his arm ends with the entire limb coming loose from its socket - an additional Brute-enhanced wrench along with my ash clone fully separates it from his body.

Probably lethal on its own if I leave him to bleed out.

I don't leave him to bleed out. It might be performative with how well he handles kinetic force, but beating someone to death with their own arm is kind of therapeutic.

SUCCESS

Reward: Velocity+​

Velocity's body language seems to have softened by the time I regain my vision. "Well, we're glad to have you on our side. We could use the help."

I give him a smile that I don't mean at all. No cute girl? Ruined. He couldn't even lose right. "I heard Armsmaster and the new Ward got hit by some Tinkertech, and every random goon around here seems to have something that makes physics cry - I could hardly sit on the sidelines and hope it all ends well, could I?"

Velocity

Hero 3/5

(LUST) (PREP) (CONT)​

Now that... was a combination that actually worked together. Maybe I'll leave that one for now until I can think of a good plan, or get a power that lends itself well to trapping a speedster. CONT modifiers were best handled perfectly on the first few tries, when they were still unfamiliar with how I fought - and thought. The PREP modifier might spoil the surprise of my powers, but there was a difference between knowing that a power existed on paper and getting experience against it in a fight.

He waves away an inquisitive trooper. "I appreciate that, though our plan might be a bit slow for your tastes - just going off your track record." He sends me an indecipherable look. Indecipherable because he's wearing a full-face helmet and I can't see his expression at all. Was that reproachful, teasing or just factual? Who knows.

I'll take it as a well-meaning warning not to mess things up. "I know I like to opt into fights as a first choice, but I wasn't planning on messing around with the bomb Tinker while my favourite hero and a few hundred random people are an itchy trigger finger away from being blown up."

"Sensible. The Tinkertech we've seen so far lines up with that displayed by the Cornell bomber, if you remember that incident - so we're not dealing with the most mentally stable individual in the first place." He taps his head. "We don't want to set her off accidentally, but we don't want to just trust that she'll keep her word either."

I raise my eyebrows at that. Guess that's why Lung disappeared then, running across the country to grab a new recruit - guess it wasn't a lucky local trigger after all. "So, take away the hostages first - punch the Capes second. I get it. Only trouble is that every doorway and most of the windows are booby-trapped or blocked with some Tinkertech bullshit. I can get in and out, Shadow Stalker could if she was around - but everyone else is going to have more problems, and I can't carry people with me. Let alone with the speed or stealth needed to keep it subtle."

"You've been inside?" He looks at me. "What's happening in there, the reports we've gotten are... difficult to parse."

"Briefly." I nod, happy with giving the implication that I'd ventured inside the venue after arriving on-scene rather than already being inside when it all kicked off. "Armsmaster, Aegis and Browbeat were on stage and got hit by what I'm pretty sure is Clockblocker's power in an area-of-effect form. No ABB inside the actual building, but a whole lot of spooked civilians. Bakuda obviously has some form of surveillance to keep people from acting up, but it isn't perfect - lots of blind spots, didn't notice me at all. I'd guess she's mostly directing those drones of hers remotely and relying on the threat of blowing everything up and the sealed exits to stop anything that might overwhelm her level of multitasking."

"Um-" We both half-turn at the new voice. "I might have some ideas on that front, actually..." Kid Win's voice? I don't actually spot him, instead seeing Vista hop down from the raised van effortlessly with Clockblocker dropping down right next to her. Kid Win doesn't follow, instead remaining glued to a now-visible laptop as his drone circles over his teammates head - speakers conveying his words for him. I frown at the unfamiliar figure next to them, only for one glance at my challenge box to inform me that the plain-clothed boy with a rudimentary cloak and a domino mask was actually Gallant.

The latter seems to register my confusion. "I was due to speak at the event later on, got caught outside without my costume - and there's more important things that people need to do than play fetch for me." He says by way of explanation.

I nod in understanding. Guess that made sense. Not having his armour made him a lot less useful though.

Still. I hadn't bothered to challenge the new Velocity because I was still missing the tools to box his challenge-self in. But all of the remaining Wards just lining up for me like this? This was what the entire evening was for! What a treat!

Time to kill them all. I settle on Gallant first. "Challenge."

Last time I was here, power armour was a problem for me. I just didn't have anything that could hit it hard enough, so my only tool to win was to literally grapple and remove it personally - hoping that no powers, interference or annoying challenge modifiers would get in my way. That had even applied to Taylor and her suit, so it applied doubly for literal power-armour and slabs of metal I couldn't have dented if I'd had all year to try.

That was then. This is now. Now? The fact that Gallant unironically had his back turned to me in this challenge no longer felt fair. It felt like an insult.

I take visceral satisfaction in watching his helmet get utterly reshaped by a Parian-infused football - the armour holding its integrity better than his skull. Good craftsmanship. I approve.

SUCCESS

Reward: Emotional Projection (1)​

Perfect. Hopefully that's a blaster power, which is the only real part of his powerset worth talking about.

I hum to myself as the world regains clarity, letting Velocity take the lead in the conversation. "This isn't the time for you all to be standing out in the open." Velocity faces the emerging Wards as they filter out of their ride. "If one of those drones comes by, you're too tempting of a target."

The Wards look defiant. Except for Gallant, who looks nervous - hands half-raised as if to fend off something - or start blasting at a moment's notice. Weirdo. This was the knight-like figure that was supposed to be dating Glory Girl? Getting twitchy and panicked about a random grenade being dropped on his head the moment he isn't the most armoured guy in the area? Pathetic, really. I really tried not to think about the NTR aspects of my power, but if the guy was going to act like this then I wouldn't have any choice but to thrive in it.

He only had four challenges to his name! If that wasn't my power telling me that he was a loser, then I don't know what is.

And he's looking at me like I'm the weird one here. Time to kill him again, methinks. Worth any and all fatigue if I could get all the way through his third challenge. More ranged powersets, or functional power armour - I was fine with either.

Gallant

Hero 2/4

(ALRT) (GANG) (CONT) (TIME)​

"Challenge." I should still have a solid advantage here. I still had my win conditions, the only real trouble was that he would actually be resisting this time and had a win condition of his own. But mostly the fact that he wasn't just going to stand still and take a hit to the back of the head like a man, in theory I should be looking to win before the CONT or TIME modifier ever becomes meaningful.

I materialise in the Wards HQ. I check the common room, no such luck. I race around the closest areas. Kitchen. Toilets. Stairwell. Doesn't sound like he spawns on this floor. The distant whirr of the elevator is unneeded confirmation. I step in front of the elevator to await his arrival, my ash clone spinning to life nearby and starting to create my knight - while I prepare a prepare a Parian-ball to hopefully end the fight before it even begins. I attempt to use Gallant's power as I wait, generating a small, weak orb over my palm that practically dissolves into the wind as I release it. Must be a trick to it, presumably something to do with emotions... but I don't need to work it out right now.

Three floors. Two floors. One floor. Zero. The doors click open, my foot hammers the sphere forward at the single occupant. I lunge forward a moment later alongside my ash clone, closing the gap before the blaster can utilise his ranged attacks. I have a far, far too brief moment to contemplate the strange fact that the football had failed to demolish his face - and the fact that my knight, attacking a split second before me, had also frozen on contact with Gallant's armour. I consider possibilities as I swing, Browbeat's power in full effect - perhaps it was a defensive feature of his suit to kill momentum, perhaps it was a defensive property of the building - had I ever attempted to attack someone inside an elevator like this? I couldn't remember. Perhaps Vista was lurking just out of sight somewhere.

The correct thought comes too late. It comes only at the errant thought that Gallant doesn't have his signature 'blasting' gesture with his hands - but his fingers are just outstretched towards me. As if his idea of an attack wasn't to open fire or land a punch, but simply to touch me as quickly as possible.

That isn't Gallant. That's Clockblocker in Gallant's costume.

The realisation comes too late. The scenery instantly shifts around me, heavy weights settle on me before I even get the chance to blink - heavy-duty cables, grenades, the sound of an active taser being primed behind me along with the safety of a gun. I'm reminded of the dedication that the LUST version of Clockblocker had showed after tagging me once.

I swallow. Shadow state was out, I could practically feel the thrum of electricity around me. Clockblocker's own power had too many limitations on it to freeze everything. Multiple grenades would tear through Glory Girl's shield. A test of Browbeat's power then.

A beat. A roar of sound and light.

FAILURE​

"...cheap shot." I grumble. Only had myself to blame, should have just ignored any worries about the TIME modifier, built up my knight and kept my distance - Gallant was a decent blaster, but his blasts weren't life-threatening on their own. I could have taken an unlucky stray hit if I was poor at dodging, and any likely GANG reinforcement apart from Clockblocker would struggle to handle the knight. And at a distance, Clockblocker would have been easy to spot.

Doesn't matter. Even with a CONT modifier, they didn't learn anything. They still didn't have a reliable way to win apart from literally running away and praying for the TIME modifier to bring in outside help. I'll sweep him away when his challenge cooldown comes up. I do a momentary double-take at the lengthy cooldown. Guess that's the downside of a low number of challenges to clear on a Cape? An hour already... whatever.

I attempt to glower at him, which doesn't really work with the full-version of my mask. Maybe beating his second challenge would stop him from staring at me like that. Had Amy said something about my intentions to Glory Girl, who mentioned it to him? Surely not in the space of a single day. So, why was he looking at me like that?

Kid Win interrupts our stare-down by responding to Velocity. "She won't be doing that. You see, I've been inspecting the area with my drone, getting some scans - and I've worked out that she's an explosive Tinker."

The group stares at him silently for a moment.

He winces and tilts his head to the side, one hand coming up to his helmet as if to touch his ear. Probably Sophia calling him stupid. "Ow, yes! I get it! Obvious, I know. But! I mean, her tech explodes. Explodes, and it's gone. Single-use effects. She can make a lot, clearly, but she needs a lot as well. She must have been building a stockpile like this for weeks. To set-up those booby traps at the doors and windows, without anyone noticing before the event started? Impossible. They were placed there afterwards, with those flying drones placing them and maintaining a stockpile to either activate once the previous effect is exhausted - or to replace any that were used reactively when someone approached. She can't chase us around or use those drones to help out the rest of the ABB if she needs them to keep every exit that isn't covered by her goons sealed off."

Clockblocker tilts his head. "So, what? We put those drones in time-out, and the hostages can just walk out the nearest open door after a few minutes?"

"That's ignoring the threat to just blow them all up." Gallant seems to pull himself together. "If she starts to run out of resources, she'll get desperate - that isn't what we want."

"But you don't need to do that, do you? You just need to get you-" I point to Kid Win. "you-" Clockblocker. "-and you-" Vista. "-inside the building without her realising. If Clockblocker can find the big bomb, then Vista can make her own hole in the building and have everyone halfway across the block in a few quick steps. And if Kid Win can work out what's keeping Armsmaster trapped, that's this whole situation defused - aside from the actual Capes still causing trouble."

"I can't do that quietly, or without damaging the building." Vista murmurs. "I mean, yes - I can do it, and we want to do it - but there's still, you know, the bomb."

"We're aware of our options." Velocity says neutrally.

I scowl at him. "Stop playing coy, we're on the same team here. The way I see it, Bakuda only has so many drones to use and so much attention to give. We need to tax her resources and attention-span, while your Wards sneak around. If it's one of the doorways blocked by those long-lasting effects, Vista can open up a hole to just walk in - and there won't be a drone coming by to refill like the ones that are doing the more constant explosive shows near the main entrances. You and I just need to run around, wipe out the ABB covering every entrance, make sure Bakuda is hopping mad and trying to take us out - and not looking at the back of her building being turned into a pretzel-shaped tunnel for everyone to run out of." I pause. "Unless you have better ideas, because I'm all ears."

I already knew they didn't. They were planning on using the Wards right from the start, that was why they were here. Didn't want to seem too eager or undermanned in front of the independent? Or maybe it was a power-play, not wanting to seem like they were following my lead - I wasn't supposed to know that they were already planning an infiltration, that was information only gleaned from mind-whammying the PRT officers at my last stop.

"Things aren't going to get any better here. They're obviously making a play for Oni Lee, better to clean this up quickly before-"

"Oni Lee has already been broken out." Velocity interrupts.

I blink. "What? When? How?"

He shakes his head. "When all this kicked off, his detention facility got hit too - Cape attack, though we don't know the full details yet. He was being stored just outside of the city limits, it's not even a holding facility that we've used before. But the facility got hit all the same, clean job - in and out. One missing prisoner."

I stare into the air for a moment, quietly doing maths. "If he was free, he would have gotten here already. The ABB would be leaving. It might have been the Empire pre-empting his escape - might be dead already."

He makes a non-committal gesture. "Maybe. We don't have all the facts right now, and we don't have the resources to investigate right now."

"All the more reason to free up three heroes and end this situation then, right?" I cross my arms. "No sense wasting time. Especially if Kid Win is right about Bakuda's supply being limited. It means she's on a timer, and nothing good is going to come out of her realising she's out of tools when they don't have Oni Lee and half their gang is in cuffs."

Velocity remains silent for a moment. Kid Win is the one to speak instead. "Let's do it. We're capable enough. There's not even that many drones around to avoid anyway."

Finally, Velocity nods. "Remember, you're not fighting. Not anyone. If you get spotted, it's better to just escape and get to safety than taking any risks."

"I'll help clear the way, there's no way she'll be able to ignore a Cape tearing through her goons." I pump a fist into my palm.

"No. Go with the others." Velocity decides.

Gallant starts. "I don't think that's a good idea-"

Velocity shakes his head firmly. "Wards or not - I'm not sending a kid out to start dodging bullets and grenades, praying that the next one isn't something tricky that ruins their life. I'm faster, with less restrictions on my power and I've got an entire loadout to work with back there-" He angles his head to the truck behind him. "-I'll make quick work of the goons and try to disrupt the drones to keep her attention on me. Void Cowboy can phase through walls, has already been inside, has a toolbox of other powers to use - and most importantly, isn't affiliated with the Wards. If things go wrong and he's spotted alone, he can run and leave - and nobody will suspect that the rest of you were following behind him."

Hey, he got my name right. Not Void, but Void Cowboy! Was Velocity secretly a cool guy all this time? Had I been too harsh on him just because his power had a devastating downside? Maybe, maybe. Still. I can't let a potential fluke influence my personal Cape ratings so easily. I'm staying a hater for now.

I'm a little reluctant, but mostly because I could just challenge all of the Wards here and stay outside to respond to any developments or movements from Lung and Bakuda without losing anything. But what he was saying did make sense. And, being on the team to rescue Armsmaster... that had a certain appeal to it. Maybe he'd be so grateful that he'd give me a souvenir? An old Armscycle? No that was too much. Maybe a signed picture-

"Let's go." Vista leaves the group behind, dragging down a nearby roof to stretch neatly down to ground level for us to stand on.

"I'm coming, I'm coming." Kid Win scurries after her, followed by Clockblocker.

"Try not to get spotted on the rooftops, give me a few seconds to clear people out nearby and get her attention - stay safe." Velocity disappears in a blur of motion.

Gallant regards me steadily. "I'm watching you."

I give him a confused look as we join Vista. "Alright? Should you even be coming with us? At least everyone else has some protection, you'll just die if you get shot right now. A Tinker without his suit... Kid Win has his gadgets, but aren't you just a liability here?"

"He's not a Tinker." Vista informs me. "PHO just ran with it and it wasn't worth correcting it. The suit is a collaboration between Kid Win and Armsmaster."

"You're a fraud?" I send a scandalised look to Gallant. "Stolen valour?"

"That's not what that means." He replies shortly.

"I mean, everyone thought that you just had some weak ratings in multiple categories - a mini-grab-bag that got unlucky. But you don't even have that? It's just the Blaster power?" I whistle. "That sucks dude. Unlucky, I guess."

"I find my power more than sufficient." He sounded slightly annoyed. Was I being rude? Maybe I was. But I was being genuine, he really did get screwed over by the power lottery - I mean, his Blaster powers weren't the worst in the world... but it was kind of close. Adding a bit of emotional damage wasn't worth the tradeoff from the destructive power that most of New Wave could bring - and they could still fly and create forcefields as a bonus.

"Right. It's not about the strength of the power, but how you use it." I attempt to agree. Then I feel bad. "I mean. Unless- Well. I mean nobody is saying that about Eidolon even when he's being an idiot, right? It kind of is about the strength of the power, actually. I was just trying to make you feel better, but I feel like I've only made things worse and I should probably just stop talking now."

"Probably." He agrees in a measured tone. Ah, still so reserved! Maybe he is living up to his name after all. It's the attitude that's most important at the end of the day. After all, my future girls didn't necessarily need to be strong - having the composed, dependable female-knight archetype in the harem was more important than any arguments over how many cars she could blow up at once.

Ah, it really was a shame about that lengthy cooldown. Gallant might not have many uses in a fight, but that aura of dutiful dignity would definitely be fun to break down when it was worn by a girl with big tits bouncing on my cock - with Glory Girl watching from a nearby crack in the door, naturally.

...really, why did Gallant keep looking at me like that? Sure, I needed to keep my foot out of my mouth but I hadn't said anything that strange. Maybe I should take it easy on him, I'd probably be upset too if I needed pity from my teammates to be more relevant than a random trooper with a gun.

"So..." Vista starts as the roof beneath us returns to its original shape - acting like an elevator bringing us up from the street-level. "Copying powers, huh?"

"You all know about that by now, I guess." As expected. The 'secret' that couldn't be hidden was known, but the problematic part still went undetected. "Yeah, something like that. Not an exact copy, but over time I get... something thematic, for hanging around other Capes." I clear my throat as we spread out, seemingly following the lead of Kid Win's drone. Perhaps something that they'd trained at some point? Whatever. I needed to get on with actually doing these challenges. Vista first. "Challenge."

LUST and ZONE. I remember this challenge well because of how overwhelming it seemed at the time. Expanding the ground around and beneath us to attempt to simply squish me under pure mass, the attack not needing to worry about the manton limit because the area she was expanding was so far away from me - pure physics was doing the rest against my squishy body.

But, like most of the Wards I'd challenged back then - things were different now. I had more powers. More experience. Foreknowledge of her attack pattern. This time, the move is immediate - an immediate sprint forward, my ash clone forming and claiming Vista's power for itself - not using it right away, but waiting for Vista to elongate the space between us before she forms her attack.

It's obvious the moment she does that - the distance between us suddenly starting to stretch into the distance, even as the walls start to race towards me. But it's an illusion. A trick. Vista's power and my own version overwrite each other, so my ash clone simply shrinks the empty space again - my shadow state serving to hide my progress for a moment as the walls block her vision of me. Last time I tried this, I had one charge of the shadow state - even at a full sprint, when that second ended - I'd been kicked right back out where I'd started as the 'closest safe point'. And then died. When planning this before, I'd even contemplated the possibility of using Clockblocker's power to somehow survive the initial, slow crush until it built up to a force that would instantly crush the space I was in - and then use the shadow state as my shield unfroze to 'teleport' to the other side, but without a clear timer, it had seemed doomed to failure.

Things were different now. I'm certain that Vista has already torn away my ash clones attempt at closing space again, but with the way her power interacts with the Manton Limit - the next twist of space would be less impressive, more sluggish. Purely due to my new proximity.

My ash clone had already dismissed itself. I was burning through consecutive shadow states at a dead sprint through an impossibly thick wall - with absolutely no senses to guide myself by. Darkness in every direction that had nothing to do with the shadow state, but as long as I had momentum - the plan was fine.

I run out of charges, and my body lights up in protest - the sensation of a thousand needles jabbing into my skin as punishment for not ending the shadow state in a safe area, and being shunted aside for my troubles. Agonising. Painful. Near-crippling. But, useful. When I erupt out of the walls not even a few metres away from her, there's a clear look of surprise on her face - something probably aided by the fact that she could sense my rough location purely by working out where her power was unable to do its work. Seeing me move so much distance, so quickly - must have thrown her off.

To her credit, she's quick to respond. The floor rushes up to greet me, but attacking is the wrong move for her here. She might have been able to escape if she'd had time to think, redirect me away and move backwards herself - use her power to scramble the shortened path she used. But she doesn't do that. And while most of my ranged attacks are exactly the kind of projectiles that are useless against Vista - there's one form of attack that isn't. My ash clone forms behind her. I can't assign it administrator and a matching power at this distance, but I don't need a miracle here - just a distraction. And as squishy as the ash clone actually was - it did hit pretty hard.

More than hard enough to stop Vista in her tracks, a driving punch into an unarmoured part of her costume - into a throw that slams her into the ground. She recovers well, a lashing kick actually managing to take out the ash clone despite the weakness of the blow - but it has already achieved its goal.

I activate Browbeat's power as I land. Close. Too close. I'd seen what Vista's power could do at its best, but I also knew what it couldn't do - the areas it struggled in. And this exact situation was one of those things, a melee-specialist opponent that - despite everything - had closed the gap. My Brute-enhanced fist slows to a crawl as it approaches her face, one last desperate twist to maintain distance - but that was all it was, I still had power, still had momentum. I was still moving through something, no matter how much she tried to stall the blow.

And then my dear ash clone reforms behind her once more. The oh-so-brilliant nature of its uptime-based cooldown showing its worth again. A square kick to the back of her costume sends her flying forward, disrupting whatever her pseudo-forcefield attempt was supposed to be - and leaving me to land clean hit to her helmet.

Her body ragdolls from the hit, the resistance going out of her between one second and the next. Unconscious, but alive. I suppose helmets can't do everything.

I descend on the fallen Ward and apply three more quick strikes to finish her off.

SUCCESS

Reward: Space Warping (2)​

"Must be nice." Clockblocker murmurs. "Can we just throw you at Lung and get a friendly rage-dragon or is just like, you get to light candles with your pinky?

I snort. "Something between the two, hopefully. Usually, the power gets a little stronger the better I get along with the person, but then again - I got a variant from Oni Lee when we fought last time, so who even knows how it really works." I eye Vista again. I should assume that I'd only get the chance to fail on her once - but as the person I had the greatest physical advantage over, it made sense to keep targeting her. She'd need stronger modifiers and situations to overcome that disadvantage.

Vista

Heroine 4/6

(TIME) (ALRT) (HUNT) (REAL)​

An odd combination. ALRT and HUNT were usually for Capes that wanted to chase me down. But TIME was usually reserved for people that the challenge wanted me to seek out instead. The REAL modifier... that was always hard to judge.

I click my tongue in annoyance. Or maybe it wasn't. All of those modifiers could be reconciled if we assumed that the REAL modifier meant she had no intention of trying to kill me in person. She'd spend the entire fight knowing exactly where I was and which direction was safe to run in, she could just trap and delay me - then just rely on the reinforcements from TIME to actually do the fighting.

Just a race to get to her before that could happen. That was fine. Honestly, it felt like the way TIME challenges should go anyway - it kind of annoyed me seeing people not play to their advantages. "Challenge."

I spawn in on a rooftop, and immediately curse as the city around me starts to bend. Counter with my newly upgraded Vista powerset? No. That would only help neutralise what she was doing, not actually help to catch her. I shift into the speed-state and wait out the paralysis. I lunge forward as soon as I can, gliding across rooftops in a straight line - hoping to spot Vista before she can start to make a real getaway. The scale of the distortion helped, without the LUST modifier I'd only spotted her manipulating space in areas she had visibility over - so it was likely the same applied here too, not a true restriction but a matter of habit and comfort.

But it meant that I knew roughly what she could see by how the empty city was moving. If the street on both sides of my current building were starting to curve, she must be straight ahead or behind me - otherwise this building would act as a line-of-sight blocker. So I continue straight. And before long, I spot her retreating figure - momentarily seeming to stretch from one rooftop to the next as she vacates the area in a dead sprint.

I follow her. It turns into a cat and mouse game, she warps space to make distance - then covers her tracks. I race along a different path at breakneck pace, only for her to surge fifty-feet into the air as one house elongates directly upwards before my eyes - an entirely different part of the city rising up as a giant unit to meet her, a single step and a release of her power abruptly placing her a mile away with casual ease.

Fortunately, she never stops trying to trap me. She's trying for some kind of bowl-shape, buildings turned into walls that are too high and sloped for me to crawl out of - leaving me with nothing to do but wait for death. Fortunately, I'm fast - and she can't quite complete the design she's looking for before I clamber over each part of her work and get too close to her again. So she runs again. An effortless escape once more.

The first change comes when she repeats her last trick, instead of dragging the rest of the city up to meet her - she jumps directly down. Fast from my perspective, but she didn't gain the same impossible distance in a single step as before. It takes another minute for me to realise why, and it comes as a bullet nearly kills me as I climb a building.

The TIME modifier has summoned reinforcements. Has been summoning reinforcements. But the TIME modifier usually starts with weaker 'waves' before escalating, so instead of a useful Cape that could help chase me down or limit my movement - there's dozens of police cars trying to chase us through the city. That's bad for me, sure. But it's bad for Vista as well. Because now? There's more people in the world than just me and her. The Manton Limit is stopping her wide-scale manipulation of the city. She isn't even trying to trap me anymore, instead just doing her best to escape as her allies unwittingly screw her over.

Still. The TIME modifier escalates hard. Before long, a heavy hitter or flight-capable Cape will head my way - so I can't just rest on my laurels. Got to catch her. And fortunately, I'm gaining. The gap is shrinking on every escape she makes, she no longer even has the luxury of scrambling the tunnels in space to make them unusable to me anymore - letting me use her own power against her to get even closer, which, in turn, makes her power harder to use again.

And then, when I'm seconds away from finally tagging her - I ease off slightly, considering the current timer with a thoughtful frown. Three minutes until the next wave. What I needed... was to catch her, and not be interrupted. If I stopped her right here? Her reinforcements were close, a few unlucky shots would kill me.

Instead, I should let her run - let her think that escape was still a possibility. Wait for her to move high and far from her reinforcements, then take her down.

That opportunity comes two minutes later. She surges up to a new rooftop, and this time, a burst of speed sends me barreling through the exact route that she just used before she can undo it - sending me flying into her back. I latch on around her and shift out of the speed state. She flails, striking me several times before the paralysis expires - seeming momentarily surprised at the sheer damage she inflicts as one punch to the stomach comes away coated in blood. But that's all. The moment the paralysis ends, my vulnerability is gone too. I spit blood onto her visor, activate my ash clone, activate Browbeat's power - and settle in to batter in the protective costume of the youngest Ward before I finish bleeding out.

Her reinforcements, probably even with lesser Capes among them - are just too far away. I can hear them racing into the building below us, a few optimistic shots aimed at the corner of the roof closest to me - but there's nothing that can be done. Vista is long dead before they've even gotten halfway towards the rooftop.

SUCCESS

Reward: Vista+​

"Then doesn't that mean that you'd be at your strongest in a real team, like the Wards?" Vista asks innocently, leaning forward as if the thought had just occurred to her. "Aren't you wasting your potential running around as a vigilante, with barely anyone to watch your back?" She sidles closer to me as she asks the question, brushing her chest against my arm as she does so. It was impressive how unsubtle she was.

Not that I can blame her. Four challenges out of six, that would be enough to get anyone interested in me - and Vista would be no exception.

Hm. Fine. I'm okay with that, I think. She's, what two, three years younger than me at worst? I've seen worse age-gaps at school. And I've always said that a good harem needs a loli or three and backing down from that seems like a cowardly move. But... at the same time, it would hardly make sense for me to reciprocate out of nowhere right now. I'd look like a creep, especially if I hadn't already completed a sweep of challenges on the rest of the Wards to soften attitudes against me.

Thinking about it, I got carried away. I usually try and space these relationship boosters out, build things up naturally with genuine interactions - I'd focused too much on the sensation of victory and the next power that I'd forgotten what happened with Emma. I mean, I'd at least had positive interactions with Vista before - but not to the extent that I probably should have before completing this challenge. I should slow down from this point. No rushing into things.

Besides, it was better to build up to any relationship, not just rely on my power to fuel a crush out of nowhere. That was a painful lesson to learn, but I did learn it. Which means - sorry Vista, wait in line for a bit. I'm going to be the dense harem protagonist for a while. Don't worry, the rest of the Wards are getting the same treatment for the immediate future no matter how much I beat them here - blame my healthy level of respect for master/stranger protocols and the effectiveness of PRT oversight.

"He's fine with his own team." Gallant interjects, brushing Vista back to the side and placing himself between us. "And we should respect that choice."

Fuck off Gallant, nobody asked you. I wanted to like you and feel a little sorry for you because I felt bad for plotting to cuck you, but you're really getting on my nerves today. Glory Girl is going to be screaming my name into her pillow at some point within the next month, and every bitchy, passive-aggressive look and comment from you means another orgasm for her while she texts her breakup message to you. I've been nothing but nice to you, and you're just acting like you've got a grudge in response. Did I say something last time we met? Maybe Amy really did spill the beans on my plans? Otherwise, this attitude just doesn't make sense.

"Look, Velocity's got her attention." Kid Win whispers, pointing towards the front of the venue.

I follow his gesture. A dim blur is the only sign that Velocity is in the area amid a hail of panicked gunfire and explosions, the distant noise of a trio of speakers carrying Bakuda's voice even as far as us. "-dare you ignore the great genius Bakuda, the greatest Tinker that America - no, THE WORLD! - has ever seen! I will teach you a lesson that you will never-"

Was she assuming that Velocity was the one who skipped out on her attempted speech earlier when I ran past? Guess that worked out. I suppose my own speedster status wasn't as well-known in the Bay yet. I hadn't thought anything of it at the time, but maybe she's got more of an ego than I expected.

I like that in a woman.

"Let's get going then." Clockblocker states. "Can't waste the opening. Can you get us across, Vista?"

"Give me a moment, I'll take us right up to the wall - just trying to not make it obvious to anyone who looks in this direction. A bridge from here to the building would make anyone think 'Cape'." Vista steps forward - brushing aside Gallant with an annoyed look - raising her hands as the air in front of her takes on a distorted look.

If we're waiting, I've got other things to be doing. I have no reason to stop challenging people. I'm on fire right now. And there's still plenty of ready-to-go challenges I have yet to even attempt. Vista again, perhaps? One more? I hadn't even had the opportunity to test the second level, and I might be able to grab the third version of her power - that would be impressive.

Vista

Heroine 5/6

(GANG) (LUST) (ALRT)​

The LUST modifier again. Great. She used it well last time she had it, and this time there is no ZONE limiting the area she can work in. "Challenge."

I set foot into an empty city again. Another rooftop. I look around. No obvious indication of where my target was, I had a pretty good view from up here so that was a surprise. I frown. No, never mind. I can hear an engine. A car? No. Boat? No. I trace the source of the noise, nearly guaranteed to be my target purely from the fact that the city seemed empty of non-combat NPCs.

A few seconds later, I'm staring at a slowly-looping plane drifting in the skyline. "That's cheating." And cheap. Making it so that I can't win without a top-tier flight power or teleportation? Lame.

A shadow falls over me as I regard the distant speck. I flex my upgraded version of Vista's power. Could I...? No. I could feel the improved flexibility, the ability to work on more than just thin-air - but it wasn't anything close to the city-bending craziness that she'd pulled off in the last challenge.

I replay my thoughts. A shadow? When I was on a building as tall as this? On what seemed like a clear day? I turn around. A mountain range looms over me. I look to the side, and realise that - now that I'm looking - the horizon is curving in the wrong direction. I look down, and realise that half of the city has already sunken into the aquifer save for the few buildings closest to me - the sole obstacle to her power in this entire world.

"Magnificent." I breathe. "This is why you're my favourite Ward." The mountain range - the landmass - behind me continues to climb, to curve. The sun disappears behind it, throwing the Bay into darkness. I'd always been impressed by what Vista could do without people around - I'd wondered what limits there were on her power aside from that.

Perhaps, 'none' was the answer. I might have to adjust my list of top 5 strongest Capes in the Bay, just off of this alone. To my left, boulder seems to drop from the sky. But it isn't a boulder, it's a titanic slab of rock large enough to nearly flatten what's left of the Trainyard. Just a taste of what's to come, an accidental discharge of the thousands- no, millions of tonnes of rock currently towering over the Bay. Matched only by the opposite side - a towering wall of water taller than any tsunami, promising absolute annihiliation when it was released.

It's beautiful. More so because I don't have any tools to do anything about it. I just get to appreciate one of the things I love the most - watching awesome Cape powers at work.

Both sides collapse towards me at once, gravity, momentum and sheer, insane mass creating the strongest attack that I'd ever seen. I don't even get to see what kills me.

FAILURE​

I can't even be mad at that. And the best part is, I genuinely still think it's somewhat fair - though I definitely wouldn't have felt that way a few weeks ago.

The plane didn't look absurdly fast, it was just out of reach. Flight, teleportation... or if I could geneate minions that could spread the Manton Effect across the Bay and the surrounding area. Even simply escaping the area might work. As insane as her full power was, she'd definitely lose track of me during an attack like that - without the HUNT modifier, she'd be screwed. The plane would likely run out of fuel before the anti-stalling measures really got going - all of that coupled with the fact that the entire set-up would probably be massively screwed over simply by chasing her around, forcing her to consider her own safety from the sheer scale of the attack and also getting in the way of the spacial manipulations she was trying to perform.

In other words, it isn't difficult in the sense of raw combat difficulty - it's difficult because of the approach needed. If I, somehow, closed the gap... I'd just win immediately. If I just survived, the plane would land and she could never use an attack like that again without taking herself out.

I consider Vista's challenge box. A twenty hour cooldown. Well... I suppose that's fair for the fifth challenge. That's all for today out of her then.

"Triumph was around here. Look at the ABB down there." Gallant mutters.

"Oh, Void - I don't know if someone mentioned it, but Triumph was in the area when this all happened - he's been keeping the back of the building as clear as he can, and he should be joining Velocity in keeping attention away right now." Vista chirps helpfully.

"Everyone's counting on us then. Best not let them down." I adopt a heroic posture.

Kid Win nudges me out of my pose. "That side-entrance down there, it looks like it's been blocked off by those crystals. I don't see any drones around - that could be our way in, as long as we can get there quietly."

I glance at them. Ruining my moment, bro.

Kid Win

Hero 1/6

(EVNT)​

"Challenge." Haven't seen an event in a while.

My perspective shifts for a moment. Kid Win above a large testing room, an array of gadgets and tools nearby.

A voice emerges from the intercom. "Three, two, one-" A green light turns on. "-zero!"

I frown as a sea of target markers emerge across the testing area, behind obstacles, around corners, moving across the ceiling. A pair of drones race up to smash into the highest targets, that seem to attempt to dodge unsuccessfully. Meanwhile, Kid Win boards his skateboard and tours the room, firing a toy-looking gun in a measured rhythm to take down target after target. Two numbers are illuminated at the far side of the room. One counting down from 30, the other counting up. Timer, scoreboard. Twenty-six. Twenty-eight. Thirty-three. With five seconds to go - the alternator cannon spins up, targeting the far side of the room and firing a single shot.

Fifty-six. Another gunshot and a casual flick of the hoverboard under his feet. Fifty-eight. A siren blares. The lights go dim.

"Ah, the drones missed that last set again..." At the whispered lamentation, my perspective is suddenly my own again.

SET A NEW HIGH SCORE​

I'm placed in the same location as Kid Win. A pile of materials stacked neatly off to the side. A Tinkering challenge then? Something like Squealers? I could probably work with that. I'd have to commit to a speciality. Leet's power was tempting, but in a room that size - perhaps movement without taking up an active power slot was the real key?

"Five." The voice is a cold shock down my spine. "Four." No way, no prep time at all? "Three. Two." I spin up my ash clone and dash towards the entrance as the gate lights up. "One. Zero!"

It becomes immediately obvious that this isn't going to work. The room is too large, the targets too varied. I give up on attempting to win after just ten seconds earning just eight points. Some of this would come down to practice and memorisation, but it was clear that the intended method was not literally running around and punching every target.

A fact that becomes especially obvious when I try my speed-state and it fails to break the second target I hit. The first I attacked was still lightly covered by Browbeat's rapidly fading power, but after that - I couldn't exert the force needed to knock it down. And that was just on the ground. The air-based targets? The appearance of dodging earlier wasn't an illusion. I aim two Parian-balls up at them, taking my time to correct their course mid-air - only to be effortlessly beaten by a light sway to the side.

The siren blares at thirty seconds. Thirteen points.

FAILURE​

I think that challenge may as well have had a sign on it saying 'come back when you've beaten New Wave'. With my Tinker powers restricting ranged weaponry, that stockpile of material at the entrance wouldn't help me even if I came in with a design ready to paste. I needed a fast, accurate, spammable ranged attack. Or, massive AOE. Either would do. I had options for individual targets, but the Parian missiles, using Vista's power to help me reach the upper targets, even the attempt to form my knight to turn this into a 3-man mission - all of them were too slow to reach the score I needed.

That's fine. Out of everyone here, Kid Win's power was last on my priority list. I could live without it, and having a fun little training ground to puzzle over wasn't a bad thing. It was nice when my power didn't throw me into a life-or-death battle.

"Jump." Vista tells us, hurling herself from the roof - seeming to warp mid-air and landing in a roll on the grass closest to the wall, not far from a group of ABB thugs covered completely in containment foam.

I follow her wordlessly, the rest of the Wards not seeming bothered by the order either. Which I can respect, actually - I'd probably be more nervous if I didn't have an assured way to survive if I fell to the ground. These guys? Nothing like that. The drop feels like jumping down the last few rungs of a ladder rather than the multi-storey plummet it appeared to be.

Shall I get the last challenge out of the way before heading inside? That would make sense. "Challenge."

Clockblocker's car-chasing challenge. Don't let him get to the Protectorate HQ, or it's a loss.

A tough challenge. From an era when I didn't have a speedster powerset.

I phase up to the roof of the van I start in, and immediately shift into the speed-state. Usually, this would be bad idea in a pure street race from behind - but the road was littered with obstacles already, there was no way that car would go anywhere approaching its maximum speed. I, on the otherhand, could freely dodge and weave without missing a beat.

I narrowly dodge a patch of air that shimmers in the light, a handful of threads threatening to kill me just for passing through. Especially in this state which took so much more damage. Careful now. Don't get arrogant. I'm stronger, I have all the tools I need to win - but I can still die easily.

I continue the chase, doing my best to stick to paths that the leading car couldn't take - vaulting over obstacles rather than going around them and risking walking into a Clockblocked object. The gap shrinks more and more, then vanishes entirely as I draw level. The car tries to careen into me, Clockblocker's hand stretching out to extend the reach as that failed.

He pulls out a gun and levels it at me, angling it forward before firing it.

I observe the string unspooling out in the direction he fired. Clever. Great idea, actually. I need that. And if I wasn't in the speed-state, it might have gotten me.

But I was. And I wasn't the type of comic-book speedster that, despite thinking faster than he could move, for some reason decided to not avoid the obvious trip-hazard the villain placed in his path after allegedly being able to react to it for the equivalent of years of regular human thought. I duck under and continue as it freezes mid-air. I surge past him, leaving the car in the dust behind me. Three seconds of paralysis, so I'll need a solid lead - but with the ZONE modifier and the straight road, there's nothing that he can do about if I'm far enough ahead of him. As long as I'm between him and the destination, I win.

I skid to a halt. Three. Two. One. Summon ash clone, switch to Parian to start pulling a thread from my shirt. He didn't have the advantages that he needed to overcome this. Not enough modifiers. The scenario was too fair to me. My knight starts to form, and I mirror its position - elegantly blocking off one side of the road - still manipulating the string to block the other half.

"Oh, please try and go around." I murmur. "I'm begging, really." My knight continues to grow, cannibalising a nearby car for more scrap. The driver had three options open to him. Left, a few obstacles to dodge around, right, with me and my knight ready to club the car, or stop dead and let Clockblocker fight it out.

He goes left, taking his chances with what seems like the better route.

I tap the string as the car approaches.

The car disintegrates into a fireball of blood and viscera, time-locked strings crumpling and slicing through the speeding vehicle with contemptuous ease.

After some searching, I find Clockblocker's head still attached to... some of his torso. Alive, for a moment.

"I think I'd feel bad, if not for that first challenge of yours." I tell the guy. "Payback's a bitch. Deserved."

I don't think he agrees.

SUCCESS

Reward: Clockblocker+​

My excitement at victory is dampened by the fact that I emerge to the waking world and see that Clockblocker is still a dude. Where was the magic I had for Mush and Leet? Going on a cool mission with the Wards would be so much better if they were all chicks. I could live the harem protagonist dream, enjoy the drama as they fight over me - except I'd actually make sure to fuck them all at the end. Instead, it's a sausage-fest. My power is teasing me by showing that it's possible, only to lead me along the entire way.

I probably shouldn't be mad. I like Clockblocker as he is! Really. The joker of the group, maybe not right now but this was pretty serious - the hubbub over his name announcement was still one of the things putting Brockton Bay on the map in terms of viral coverage. His power was cool. He used it well. He had a good win/loss record against Capes. They'd never found a limit on what his power couldn't stop, and neither had I when actually testing it. A power that might even be able to work on Endbringers! There was nothing wrong with Clockblocker for me to complain about. A real heroic attitude. Funny, solid interviews. Humble, but still with a bit of deserved ego underneath.

Was.

Because at the end of the day, while all of those things were cool. I had the vision of something better. All of those things, except they were also a cute girl who loved me. Pretty simple. The same line of thinking as 'What is even better than a free pizza? Two free pizzas.' No matter how much I liked someone the way they were, my eyes had been opened to the fact that pretty much anyone would be improved by a pair of tits and an addiction to my dick.

Really, my power knew how to motivate me all too well.

Clockblocker

Hero 3/6

(CAGE) (ZONE)​

I stare in confusion. What? Those two modifiers... how would they even go together? They both restricted space, how did they even interact? Surely one would overwrite the other? "Challenge." I had to see this.

I spawn in. I lock eyes with Clockblocker. Oh.

That makes sense. My left shoulder was already brushing against a wall. I could reach out and touch the wall on the right. I didn't want to turn around, but I'm pretty sure it's a mirror of what I see in front of me. A very close Clockblocker, and a wall behind him.

So. The ZONE modifier just further restricted the boundaries of the CAGE. Good to know. But more importantly, there was absolutely no way to avoid Clockblocker's touch in a cramped space like this. My ash clone stirs behind me as he rushes forward. Does Glory Girl's shield stop-

-it? Clockblocker teleports, a kick breaking on Glory Girl's forcefield before he-

-teleports again. Another hit breaking on Glory Girl's forcefield and then-

-teleports again, back to establish some more distance. At least, as much distance as this place allows - just a metre of breathing room, even with me positioned at the furthest distance possible.

Huh. Interesting. My powers that go on cooldown still tick down when I'm Clockblocked. That's... not very useful, actually - but it's cool. If only I could Clockblock myself, I'd be invincible - if immobile.

He couldn't win like this. But, he didn't need to either. Even if he wasn't deliberately playing towards it - either the CAGE modifier would generate something to break the deadlock, or the anti-stalling measures would turn him into a physical god that could snap me like a twig if he kept freezing me forever.

So, I needed to either put him in a situation where he doesn't want to freeze me, or where I will eventually kill him with the fractions of a second I get to move before he freezes me again. If I pin him against the wall, or grapple him in a certain way - even if I'm frozen, he won't be able to move anyway. Something like that.

Do I have a tool for that other than Browbeat's power? Raw Brute strength? I don't think so. Every other weapon uses kinetic force which was useless against him.

On the plus side, that made things simple. He couldn't really dodge. I just charge at him, do my best to lock him down - I either win in what feels like a few seconds, or he survives for however long it takes for the stalling measures to kick in when we're actively 'fighting'. Gotta be longer than if I was hiding, surely?

He still doesn't approach. Good. Gives me time to think. My ash clone was important here. I couldn't protect it other than blocking access to it with my body, but I could spawn it behind me and use it as support - support that could respond when he had frozen me in place.

In the absence of an offensive power that could work against him, the best support would stop him from slipping out of my grasp at all. With space this limited, that either meant Vista, or Clockblocker's own power.

Or, I give it Glory Girl's power - and that can be the blocker instead? But would that be as useful? Probably not. I'd still need to be the one in front to crush him physically with Browbeat's power, it wasn't enough to stall and survive.

Vista, Clockblocker, Vista, Clockblocker. Clockblocker. With some strings from my shirt so that it could stop him from slipping through any holes in my attempt to block him in.

Set. Ready. Charge. My ash clone and I move as one. Not wide enough to truly move side-by-side - but the important thing was the initial grab. I sieze his wrist- he flickers in place, his arm now free, but my ash clone now firmly wrapped around his legs - frozen in place. I slam my hand into the armoured plate covering his neck, seeking to pressure him into the wall- and lose him again immediately. Ash clone is gone. I shrug off a hit to the back of the head. Got behind me? It's fine. That won't do anything while Browbeat's power is up. I resummon my ash clone. Again.

Slower this time. I block two thirds of the tunnel with my body. My clone takes the remaining third, ready to lock down the string at any moment. No escape. Slow and steady. One step. Two. He isn't playing this right, it's actually better for him to come to me - to give himself more room to escape back into. But that suits me. And it's easy for me to criticise, from his perspective - this is a horror-movie set-up.

We step forward again. Again. His hand lashes out to tag me. I don't react.

He's still there a moment later, seeming a little more out of breath. Ash clone? Still alive. We step closer. He tags me again. Step. Shuffle closer. Shuffle. Another tag- and he teleports, but not to a position of safety, he's trapped in a web of strings - my ash clone frozen in place pressing down on his head as if trying to saw it off on the string his neck was resting on. I place my hand on the back-

-of-

-his-

-neck-

-and match it with my other hand, ignoring the seeming teleportation of some of the strings and my ash clone. I squeeze down, realising after just a few moments that my ash clone vanished and the frozen strings with it. I resummon it, Clockblocker could hardly move effectively with my hands firmly locked around his neck like this.

And all I had to do was squeeze. Oh, certainly, he was Clockblocking me. But what did it matter? The advantage of doing that was in escaping, in setting up some trap around me that I couldn't evade - here, that wasn't possible. The armoured plate cracks as my fingers dig under it, the hands attempting to force mine away seeming to surge with strength as every second goes by. Seconds where I was sitting there unmoving for minutes on end.

But if I don't notice it, does it matter? I've been in this position many times, his neck is just waiting to be broken - from my perspective, it won't take long. These helmets were designed to break. To absorb impacts and break rather than risk the occupant inside. They weren't meant to be pressured like this, squeezed and bent. His visor was cracked too, a testament to the equally slow, steady movements of my ash clone picking its own target.

Crack. Crack. My hands find flesh and a hammering pulse as the costume gives way to Brute-enhanced strength. It was funny to think that this was still a fairly low-tier Brute power. But against what was essentially a normal person? It was a cheat code. People on PHO would laugh off someone showing off their Brute powers by bending a metal bar. But that was exactly what I was doing here. Slowly. Unstoppably. With nothing he can do but freeze me and delay the end for another few minutes.

Crack. Crack. Blood pours onto my hands. My ash clone did well, but I can't move now to take advantage. This only works because he's pinned, unable to free himself because his only weapon is to do the equivalent of locking the jail cell shut around him.

To his credit, it might almost have been enough. The insistent pressure of his arm pushing mine away gets stronger and stronger with every moment, a telltale sign that the anti-stalling measures are stacking against me as the hours, maybe days, wear on.

But it isn't enough. The fraction of a second I get to move every time before his reactions can respond is just too much.

Crack. He finally goes still. No teleports now.

SUCCESS

Reward: Temporal Stasis (2)​

I grin. And for a moment, I almost turn my gaze in real life right back to Clockblocker's challenge sheet.

No. Behave. I've barely even spoken to the guy aside from today. Take it slow. Build a rapport first. I know I won't want to restrain myself if I get into that challenge and find myself in a winning position, so I won't even look.

Maybe its overly cautious. Maybe Emma was just crazy and it meant nothing for anyone else. But it was probably the right thing to do anyway, the kind of thing that sounded obvious when I said it out loud even if I was trying to frame it as a novel insight.

I roll my shoulders. I feel... a little drained, actually. My own fault for doing so many challenges in a row. I wasn't at my limit, but I was getting there. Thankfully, that's everything for now. I can take a breather. At least, until I run into the ABB Capes. Not missing out on that, no matter how much my power protests.

And despite how much my body is protesting, I've barely done anything yet. As far as the Wards around me are concerned, I should be as fit as a fiddle and ready to roll. Maybe it's a good thing that I was babysitting the Wards for a bit. Even if these guys were pretty close to my age, it was still babysitting. Experience matters more.

Vista shrinks the crystals down to ankle-level, then covers them with earth. "Let's go already."

"Steady. Let me go first. I can take hits better, peek through doors and it doesn't matter if I walk around a corner and a drone sees me - I can just run through the outer wall and loop back later." I step forward.

"The vanguard is all yours, your void-iness!" Clockblocker makes a mock bow before following me inside.

"Ignore him, he thinks hes funny." Vista deadpans. "It's just that we don't have Aegis around, who's our usual team leader. You're the leader for your own team, right? I guess that means you've got the most experience in that role out of all of us-"

"Hang on, no way!" Clockblocker protests. "Don't even imply that he's the backup leader here, it's obviously me! Or Gallant, at the absolute worst."

"Gallant is barely even in costume. Clockblocker is-" She gives him a look. "-ahem. And Kid Win hasn't even noticed that the rest of us have left him behind yet. The only real alternative is me, but you would complain too much if I started bossing you around properly. Void is a perfect, neutral candidate with a good track record already and a mature mindset. You could learn from him." I give her a thumbs-up and form an L-shape on my forehead aimed at Clockblocker - much to his faux-outrage. Well said Vista!

"Huh? Wait, hang on-" The sound of scurrying feet behind us heralds the arrival of Kid Win. "Sorry, I was looking at the building plans - console just sent them through. Eventually. The third time I asked."

"Can I go back to whatever that silence was about when you were making up reasons why we each couldn't be leader and you got to me? Vista? I feel like I should be offended. I am offended. I can't prove it, but I think I'd make a pretty good team leader. I can make plans. And my plan... is that Void Cowboy should go in front." Clockblocker protests to himself.

"Anything useful?" I probe Kid Win as I take us up a flight of stairs.

"I- I was just trying to see if there was an obvious place for an explosive device. The one she was threatening to take everyone out at once with. I know it's hard to make broad statements when dealing with Tinkertech, but assuming a uniform explosion, a device that isn't going to wipe out too much of the surrounding area and potentially cause friendly-fire, and the need to potentially avoid the obstacle on stage that you mentioned seemed to be frozen in time - and therefore, potentially an obstacle to the force of an explosion. There's only a few basement rooms that could serve as a viable location for the bomb-" He babbles continuously. "-but it isn't guaranteed, it could be a weapon that hasn't been deployed yet - or there could be something there, but its just a trap or a decoy."

"Or it's sitting in one of those drones she has floating around." I grouse. "We might need to head down there anyway - if the effect trapping the heroes on stage is possible to stop or disrupt, rather than just needing to wait for it to expire, then it will be found either backstage or below it. Probably the latter, it makes sense to place it in an area that not many people would walk through - and I'd guess none of the stage events had any kind of special effects that they'd use a trap door for."

Too many unknowns here. I almost wish I'd had a look around before leaving, but exiting safely and getting my costume on was definitely the better call.

We move together, a tense silence covering us despite the hubbub filling the hall below. A few guests are hiding up here, but are swiftly silenced with a hushed whisper as they approach us.

Navigating the building without entering the main hall proves a minor challenge, relying on Kid Win's map of the area and his flashlight to guide us forward into dark areas - with Vista occasionally tearing open a hole in some of the thinner walls or floors as discretely as she could in order to get us closer to our destination.

"Drone!" I warn the others, head reforming from the shadow state after a peek through the next door.

"Suspicious place for one." Kid Win pipes up. "Got to be keeping an eye out for people getting close to something important. Got to be related to the stage. Too close to be anything else. I could fry it, I'm pretty sure."

"Mark it on your map. We'll go around." Gallant decides.

"Back the way we came. We can't reach the basement levels from here." Kid Win mumbles.

As we pull back, all four of the Wards freeze at once. I frown. "Problem?"

"Lung's heading this way." The response comes.

I tilt my head. "Dauntless is still fighting?"

"I'd guess Lung got too big to be put down, but Dauntless is too fast to be caught so Lung's just decided to ignore him. Apparently New Wave got hit by something, they're pulling back." Clockblocker paces. "We should pull out ourselves. Even if everyone walks free out of this building, the situation won't change with Lung standing outside over them instead."

I make a dismissive gesture. "The situation has already changed. Lung could always have come here at any time. If he's only decided to walk this way now, it means they have what they wanted and are looking to concentrate force in one place - even if only to ensure the gang doesn't lose half of its armed membership to rescue one Cape."

"Oni Lee." Vista nods grimly.

"They wouldn't need to walk here for that. He can teleport, he could go anywhere in the city in a few minutes given the chance." I shake my head. "Bakuda. She's here. Gotta be. Lung's coming to make sure his pet-Tinker gets out of here in one piece."

Kid Win nods. "That would fit with what I've seen of her personality so far. I was listening to her drones earlier, she's - uh. Got a high opinion of herself. Some kind of complex about other Tinkers, it would make sense if she didn't leave the attack on Armsmaster to chance - and even more sense if she was in the crowd to bask in her success."

"Has anything really changed except the urgency then? You heard Velocity before, they don't want to just trust in her good nature to set everyone free - there's good odds she tries to blow everyone sky-high as a parting farewell." I argue, getting some nods of agreement in return. "We already know what we need to do. Kid Win, go handle the drone back there and see what it's guarding - see if you can free Armsmaster and the others. Clockblocker, you head down to the basement - if you see something that looks explosive, freeze it. Or put a box around it, then freeze it. Let Vista know when you're done, and she can evacuate the building as noisily as she likes. I'm going to go looking for Bakuda. Gallant... uh, you can... go and look for your real costume, I guess."

"I'll look for Bakuda too." He declines. "This is more important."

"Sure, whatever." A ghost of a smile reaches my face. "And, Shadow Stalker - you can... provide moral support. Good girl."

All four of them wince at once a moment later. "Dude, why? You aren't the one who has to listen to her now." Clockblocker gripes.

"Just wanted her to feel included." I lie blandly. "Let's get moving."

Naturally, I have my ways of scanning likely targets. First of all. Alice Choi was famous. The Cornell bomber had made the news, taken a bunch of hostages, flattened some historic buildings over a bad grade and then disappeared with the wind. Seeing her emerge here in Brockton Bay was a surprise, but one I was happy to see. With her already being outed, even if she'd shown up in civilian clothes - I'd spot her in a single glance.

I'd probably have spotted her anyway though. With how versatile she seemed, I doubted that she would a four-challenge blip like certain Wards were. Civilians didn't tend to go that high, making it even easier to parse through a crowd at a glance. Especially when we factor in the fact that I can exclude everyone who wasn't female, Asian, young and somewhat crazy.

I'd completely sort through this entire crowd in just a few minutes. A few quiet challenges and I wouldn't even have to confront her at all, she might just shut it all down and leave on her own merits after realising that the hostage game wasn't all it was cracked up to be. At that point, I could just admit that I was wrong - bask in the success of freeing everyone anyway, and go and watch everyone team up on Lung until one side or the other ran away. Brilliant plan.

"Found her." Foiled by an overachieving ass who I didn't even invite to come with me anyway. Gallant directs my attention up instead of down at the assembly below, a lone figure loosely leaning against the balcony of one of the private seating areas - seemingly looking at her phone.

Vaguely female, that's about all I can make out. "You sure?" I express doubt.

"Yes." He affirms flatly.

"...sure. Why not. Let's go say hello." I shrug.

I flex Vista's powerset, the recently-upgraded power effortlessly sloping the seating area on the floor above us down to our level - creating a steep but manageable climb.

I could get used to that. So much better than just manipulating air. Still not quite as impressive as the real deal, but a huge step up from what I had.

From there, finding the stairway up to the alcove - finding it locked, and phasing through much to Gallant's annoyance, was effortless.

The woman turns to face me as I step closer. No mask. But...

Alice Choi

Student 1/6

(EVNT)​

I suppose, just this once, I'll have to concede Gallant did well to spot her. I eye the drones on either side of her. Had he seen those from his angle? Or was it something else that had tipped him off? They probably practiced at playing detective in the Wards, that would make sense - and it wasn't like it was that much of a leap of logic anyway, looking down on everyone as she orchestrates the chaos from a hidden corner was entirely on-brand now that I think about it.

"Hello, Bakuda." I pause. "Or, do you prefer Alice, like this?"

"Either is fine. It isn't much of a secret anyway." She smirks. "Everyone knowing my name is better, actually - the more they learn of me, the less they'll confuse me with... lesser Tinkers."

Evil smirk. Murderous threats. Hostages. Rampaging ego. The very real possibility that I was about to get punked like Armsmaster. Why did I find this so attractive?

"Alice isn't the most intimidating name I've ever heard. I'd stick to Bakuda." I give her some much-needed honesty. The look of disdain! Perfection.

"I wasn't asking for your opinion." She sniffs. "No, the only reason I even allowed your little... intrusion to continue was simple boredom. The so-called defenders of the city, thinking that a few scattered heroes and some children would be enough to handle me? Me?" Her voice rises in challenge at the repetition.

Yep. A little crazy.

She continues. "I'll forgive this first time as ignorance. Confusion, perhaps. Given the evident lack of quality of most Tinkers in this city, your minders must have had certain expectations for how easily I might be handled." She's trying to smile. She's failing. "Actually, I have spent weeks and weeks preparing for my first showing. So many sleepless nights, outfitting even the lowliest grunt, preparing the most overwhelming, undeniable display of Tinkering mastery that this wretched city has ever seen. Your so-called greatest Tinker, beaten and helpless in a single move. A private army powerful enough to clash as equals with your strongest Brutes. Hundreds of hostages, helplessly trapped in a storm of impending fire and death - existing only at my mercy... and they send in a few Wards. The Wards. As if I was a rowdy drunk that needed guiding to a warm cell to sleep overnight."

I raise a hand politely. "Just to check we're on the same page, you're angry that they didn't send more?"

"Obviously! I could have wiped half of this city off the map with a single bomb. Where is the Triumvirate? Where is Dragon? Where are the actual heroes, lining up to test themselves against my genius?" Her eyes flash with fury. "Instead, I get petty vigilantes, the youngest Ward out past her bedtime-" Guess she spotted Vista hanging around the crowd below, trying to organise them and get them ready to leave. She didn't seem concerned at least. Whether that was because she didn't care about the hostage, or had no idea that Vista could and would put a hole in the building that a train could pass through in the space of a few seconds. Maybe both. "-and... sorry, who are you?"

Gallant emerges from the stairwell. "Gallant. Brockton Bay Wards."

"Gallant." Her face scrunches up. "Tinker? The useless one?"

I nod on his behalf. "Technically, but crazy story - I actually found out today he isn't even a real Tinker. He just wears whatever Kid Win and Armsmaster give him out of pity."

"Even more useless than I thought then." Bakuda turns away from him and looks back to me.

I beam at her. "You are so right. That's exactly what I told him, and he's been throwing me foul looks for it ever since." I agree ambivalently. "I mean, he's literally only got the Blaster power. It's not even a strong one. Average guy with a pistol beats him ten times out of ten, I feel bad - I kind of see why his teammates took pity on him."

"Somehow, I'm not surprised to find you agreeing with the terrorist." Gallant sends me a level look.

"I'm not taking sides here, I'm just saying you're not bringing much to the table - especially because you refused to run off and get your suit." I'm the voice of reason here.

"In his defence, it wouldn't do much to save him from me anyway-" She begins.

"-such is the gap in skill between the greatest of all Tinkers and the common trash in the mud, or something like that?" I attempt to finish the sentence.

"Do you make a habit of interrupting your betters?" Bakuda questions archly.

A slow smile reaches across my face. "When I meet one, I'll ask."

Her expression takes on an icy chill. "Funny. This works out perfectly. The lacking response to this little event shows that nobody is taking my threats with the seriousness that they deserve. A dead Ward or two after they so foolishly backed me into a corner would go a long way towards fixing that for next time."

Probably shouldn't be riling her up like that, but it really just came naturally to me.

"Does Lung approve of that plan?" I inch closer to Gallant. Can't let him die on me now. Still got no idea why he followed me here. Suicidal, maybe. Or just carrying a chip on his shoulder about the Tinker fraud coming to light.

"I'm a new face, I couldn't possibly be expected to know all the rules back to front. Making mistakes is natural, if he even cares at all." She retrieves a gas mask from the nearby table. "But, if my introduction to the ABB meant anything? You two aren't asian enough for him to care about you."

"Racist." I accuse.

For some reason, that gives her pause. "All of the gangs here are racist." She recovers.

"The Merchants are equal-opportunity druggies, not racists." I counter.

"Who?" Fair, actually. They're pretty minor still, no reason why a new arrival would care much about them.

"Never mind." I shake my head. "You're a bit more talkative than I imagined. Kind of expected you'd be screaming at us and swarming us with drones already."

"Don't overestimate what those flying trashcans can do. I may be the greatest Tinker the world has ever seen, a rare mix of natural genius and a Tinker powerset - but those things are barely even in my speciality. They're basically off-the-shelf models with a firing nozzle, projector and a grenade pouch. It doesn't even project me in my full majesty properly, it just projects a static image of me and talks through a modified text-to-speech system." She catches herself. The gas mask clips onto her face, her voice taking on a more neutral, imposing tone. "But that is to say, those drones are the last things you should be worrying about in the last few moments of your short, miserable life."

"Ah, you don't have it in you." I accuse her.

"What." She replies dangerously.

"You're a big softie. That's why you didn't attack us when we showed our face down there. That's why you just let all of the hostages escape-" She turns at that, noting for the first time that the great hall is entirely bereft of people - the distortion in the air indicating that she'd done something to the air above the crowd to prevent the sound of the evacuation from reaching us. Very organised. Armsmaster was still stuck, but in theory he was also safe there if anything exploded. I blink. Then turn to Gallant. "Oh, that's why you're here. So console can see what's happening and pass info along to everyone. I get it. Could have just looped me in and I'd have done it for you, but I get it now! I thought you were trying to kill yourself!" I clear my throat. "Ahem. And that's why you aren't going to kill us either. You just aren't that kind of villain."

"Interesting theory. Care to test it out?" She points a remote at us in warning. "Whatever idea you seem to have about me, about Lung, about the ABB as a whole - I'll be happy to disabuse you of them. Even if I decided to show mercy... I know your name for a reason, Void. Lung has it out for you and he's heading here to swap prisoners right this second. When he gets here, what do you think is going to happen to you then?"

"Firstly, it's Void Cowboy. Not Void. Don't know why everyone in this city can't understand that. Secondly, Lung is a problem for future me. I can run away pretty fast in a pinch, and Lung knows if he drags out this scene too long - the Protectorate will exhaust him and leave the Empire a layup to try and finish him off. He doesn't really want the fight. And, thirdly? Maybe you really do want to kill me right now." My eyes race over her challenge sheet. "But I have faith in the woman you're going to become. Character development, you know how it is."

"Okay." She nods placidly. "I'm bored of this conversation now. Die." She presses down on her remote.

Oh, she's serious.

"Superspeed, run!" I slap my current Blessing onto Gallant and bound into the nearest wall in the shadow state to avoid whatever explosive she's intending to set off.

I emerge right where I left as the shockwave fades through the wall, the two closest drones reduced to broken husks after their suicide attacks - the stairwell mostly on fire. No corpse of Gallant, so he got my meaning pretty quickly and made himself scarce.

I grin wildly at Bakuda, who seems unbothered about her initial failure - but does attempt to back away as she pulls out what seems to be a grenade launcher. In some ways, no different to Vista. Struggles to handle things up-close and personal because she's squishy too. Any explosive that hurts me at this range, hurts her too. Maybe not her custom Tinker stock, but how much of that did she even have?

Not much, I'd guess. In fact, I'd bet that she wasn't even supposed to be here at all. Lung wouldn't have wanted to risk his Tinker like this. She was here on her own, and her earlier words about why Lung was coming - a 'prisoner swap' - didn't that indicate that a third party was coming here to exchange Oni Lee for someone that the ABB had in their possession? I'd arrived at the right answer of Bakuda being present by completely the wrong logic, Lung wasn't coming here for her - he was coming here because this was the agreed exchange point for his chief lieutenant once he was broken out by this other party.

That still put me on a timer. An angry Bakuda, an angry Lung and an angry Oni Lee all at once would be dangerous for me unless I could get into my speed-state and beeline away. But a happy Bakuda begrudgingly conceding that the handsome Void Cowboy wasn't so bad for sparing her, a pragmatic Lung realising I wasn't easy prey and an Oni Lee that was just following the orders of his master? That was a recipe for survival.

Step one? Tame the crazy, hot bitch in front of me. I was looking forward to it. Something about a wild, unchecked ego like that... just made me want to tear it down.

Couldn't be too hard.

"Challenge!"


AN: Something something, next chapter on Patreon / SubscribeStar. 32K words. No differences between versions this time. Apologies about the delay. Didn't get much done in November, and the entire Christmas period was just a wash for me. I still need to update the challenge sheet, but I'll get to that another time.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kurotsuki007, Inconsistent, Toddball and 556 others
Tamzar
Jan 13, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirty-Three New
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Mar 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,307

NO CASUALTIES

PROTECT THE FACILITIES​

I swipe away the rules of the EVNT modifier, then step to the side as a screaming crowd surges past me, racing through the corridor and halfway trampling me in the process. I spot a girl stumble, momentarily swallowed by the crush - and I wonder if this challenge is going to be as tedious as the bank challenge had been, herding lemmings around to ensure that the 'no deaths' condition is fulfilled. The girl is pulled to her feet a moment later, and I breathe a small sigh of relief.

Good. I could only assume that this was Cornell University and that I was taking the place of the responding heroes, which meant I'd likely have my hands full defusing the actual bombs and hostage situation without worrying about random people dying without Bakuda lifting a finger.

Honestly, I'd expected this from the moment I saw the EVNT modifier and the 'Student' as the description of the challenge - it didn't take a genius to figure out the most likely scenario for my power to conjure up in relation to the infamous figure. It worked from multiple angles, chronologically, thematically - but also in a meta-sense, this was the earliest expression of her power where she had the least resources and the least experience with her abilities. Starting here meant that the increasing difficulty of future challenges could be simulated by more recent appearances.

No extra modifiers to concern myself with, just a few basic scenario rules that could be summed up as 'Don't let her blow things up'. This should be simple. And in theory, if I lost here - it was quite possible that simply getting access to my phone and researching the original attack in more detail would yield valuable information. I'd never been all that interested in the specifics of the event aside from some casual discussion on PHO and the awareness that naturally comes in with trying to be on top of Cape-related news - but it was more than likely that there was a map of the bomb locations for this attack out there somewhere, testimonies from how the bombs had been stopped last time, where the hostages had been held and plenty more besides. It was more than likely that most of that information would hold up, save for those parts where another hero that was no longer here would have changed something.

Alas. I don't have access to the internet right now. In fact, the lack of information was assuredly the most difficult part of this challenge. I didn't know if I was on a timer before Bakuda set something off, or if the scenario would just wait to 'react' to my eventual attack. I didn't know the mechanism that the bombs were triggered by. Proximity? Timer? Manual triggers? Should I expect a civilian to try to be a hero at some point, or was this all dependent on my own actions? Was Bakuda willing to use the hostages as a weapon? Would she blow them up when she saw me, or would she discard her previous efforts in favour of the usual 'Kill Greg' priority that drove most of my challenges?

And, the most crucial question of them all, did any of the above matter to me right now? To the current Greg, with all the powers and experience I've gained so far? Because I was fairly certain that Bakuda wasn't a Brute. And while Tinkers were certainly dangerous in their own way, I would wager that actually overpowering Bakuda was going to be trivial. If any crazy Tinkertech effects had been shown off at the Cornell bombing, I would have been way more interested in it - as far as I know, at this stage of her career, she was stuck on 'things that go boom'. And while that was dangerous, so was a guy with a grenade launcher. I had ways to survive explosions. I'd be fine.

It was the hostages that wouldn't be. So I was going to have to be smart about this.

I move through the hallways of the university, empty now except for the detritus of a sudden evacuation. Papers, bags, shoes and more left behind in the rush. I try and orient myself within the building, taking note of the signs and maps as I pass them - committing the unfamiliar markers to memory. It was an unfortunate fact that, with the entire challenge literally hanging on a hair-trigger - I was pretty likely to have to try this one twice. No reason to just assume my failure though. This was as much about stealth as anything else. Free every hostage, defuse every bomb - all before Bakuda realised that something was up and that she needed to press the explode button.

It would be easier without the 'no casualties' rule. Because it didn't say 'no hostage casualties' - that meant taking her in alive. I couldn't just win by decapitating her before she can turn around. Like Sophia, she needed to lose. To be beaten. To have no other recourse but to surrender. Or, perhaps, just to escape. Not that I'd trust her to do that without trying to blow something else up, but there was no rule saying I even had to beat her - just to end the scenario with no deaths and no significant damage to the structures.

Which does somewhat leave the door open for a win by honest conversation. And if the situation wasn't what it was, that would be my first choice. I would have liked to have a conversation with Bakuda, to try and understand her mind and her motivations both inside and outside of the challenge - but I was in the middle of a fight and a better understanding of Bakuda's powers or a slight reluctance on her part to actually kill me could be the difference between life and death.

Besides, even if I could stall the fight out long enough to challenge her repeatedly before Lung arrives, every minor delay was dangerous to me. Even timing this specific challenge had concerned me - with the minor delay it inflicted on my actions in the real world, the multi-second blindness that occurred at the end... I didn't want to present Bakuda a potential opportunity to accidentally kill me when I had momentarily crippled myself. That meant waiting until she was either mid-speech, or until she had already wasted her opening attack. Not too arduous, but knowing that I was in 'enemy territory' - it was something to think about, given how fast an explosion could hit me out of nowhere.

Not that I needed to worry about that right now, better to focus on what was right in front of me. And, come to think of it, I should make the most out of this pseudo-stampede while it was still around. Because while I doubted any of the NPCs would be able to help me in any real way, they were loud. Loud enough that my ash clone and I could run around rooftops, break window panes and kick open doors everywhere we went, without fear that Bakuda would identify it as something we were doing and decide to aggro. So that's exactly what I do, opening up pathways throughout the facility in the general direction the crowd was fleeing from - placing myself up on the roof for the final approach towards the gymnasium that appeared to be at the centre of the crisis.

I peek my shadowy head through the roof.

"-sy of my genius, and only now are you realising that actions have consequences-" Yep. Found her.

Now. Take it slow. The ash clone can scout out the surrounding area with the shadow state. I can kill it remotely by taking away the administrator powerset if it looks like it will get caught in a bad spot, so there wasn't much risk of it getting noticed. I doubted Bakuda had any real surveillance system in place, what little I knew about Cornell made it sound very much like a single Tinker building a bunch of bombs and immediately placing them around campus with no other real plan behind her. Hacking into the surveillance system was definitely a Tinker-y thing to do, but not something I expected from Bakuda specifically.

Not this Bakuda, anyway. She wasn't exactly performing at her full ability here. Whatever her issues were, it was all obviously quite personal and that was getting in the way of her judgement. Which was to my benefit - it kept her nice and distracted while I made a mental map of the room.

Three groups of hostages. One large batch of students, another of what I would guess are staff members - and then two particular people that had picked out from the group and were the core focus of Bakuda's ramblings.

And the bombs? I could only assume that the blocky devices with the ominous red lights on them were the explosives I needed to worry about - blocking every doorway with the mere threat of detonation.

This would be a lot easier if Bakuda wasn't aggro'd in real life. If I knew I had multiple free attempts and a full day of stalking her, I would just see what her immediate response is to confrontation. Go down there, tank one of the doorway bombs with my knight, ash clone or shadow state - and see if she just blows everything up or settles into a 'real' fight. The hole in the entrance would let the hostages slip out while I kept her distracted and all I would have to worry about would be damaging the buildings too much to trigger the fail conditions of the EVNT modifier.

But, at the same time, that could just fail me instantly. If her first response was to detonate her bombs, I'd instantly lose with little information gained. Multiple approaches, some of them guaranteed to failure - I just didn't know which ones.

I wait while my ash clone finishes circling the area. It locates two additional bombs. One outside, a second inside an empty lecture hall. Which probably meant that there were more. Makes sense. The bomb threat was supposed to be something that could take out the entire university, not a few small bombs that were barely more than grenades individually. There would be others around, stronger and better hidden. Even if I tried defusing them, I was likely to miss a few on the first pass - and I couldn't ignore the possibility of failing to defuse them at all, or Bakuda getting some kind of feedback that somebody was tampering with her devices.

Again, potential to instantly lose - and get no further to clearing the challenge.

Flip the script. What would get me further to clearing this? Rather than toying with every minor facet of the fail conditions, how did I get closer to winning? Naturally, I needed to fight Bakuda. Actually, considering it was a hostage situation - there might be a bit of leeway for 'not' fighting Bakuda and instead giving her absolutely everything she asks for - or otherwise neutralising enough of her arsenal that she just tries to flee instead. And if I wasn't as strong as I am right now, I might consider that as the best angle - doing my best to negotiate and defuse the situation directly or indirectly,

depending on if the sight of me turned her into a bloodthirsty maniac or not. But I'm pretty strong, and Bakuda is pretty weak. I think it's better to stick to my strengths in this case. Plus, the negotiations broke down in real life so it's not like I have a success story to build my approach off of, even if it ended bloodlessly in the end.

Dropping in from above has to be my best bet. She's not looking up, she pauses semi-frequently in her lectures to her audience, she isn't wearing any serious armour save for a welding mask. One good connection, and the fight would be over. The only real issue was that I wasn't allowed to kill her by the rules of the challenge, so no using Browbeat's power to turn my ambush into a lethal oneshot. Instead, I'd have to just neutralise her - get her away from the device in her hands that I could only assume was some kind of controller for her explosives - and the challenge would end once she conceded she had no way of escaping my grasp.

Clean. Simple. Easy to iterate on if anything went wrong. Not playing whack-a-mole with every bomb on campus, just attacking the source directly - knowing that the right attack would neatly sidestep the various issues of the scenario.

I phase through the roof, balancing myself on a supporting beam that lightly creaks under my weight. I hold myself steady, not panicking - I must be hard to see next to the glare of the lights next to me, and if she glanced up, I'd be even harder to see in my shadow state for a few seconds. No reaction.

"At the end of the day, you had a choice - to judge my work by its own merits, a fair, respectable grade worthy of my intellect, or to succumb to your biases. To reduce my score so that your classroom pets wouldn't be outshone. It seems so simple, when I phrase it like that - doesn't it? And yet, you chose wrong. Were you just jealous, perhaps? Or was there a deeper cause? A spot of racism? Something against the idea of a woman taking the top spot in your class? Perhaps you were offended at the idea that I understand the subject matter better than you, a supposed expert in the field-"

"Alice-" One of the hostages murmurs. "-we can fix this if you just-"

A beep emerges from the ground as she waves the gauntlet-like remote in her hand to cut them off. "You don't get to say my name anymore, professor. I'm tired of not getting the respect I'm owed in this place. And... fix? Look." She waves the remote behind her again, a chorus of beeping sounds emerging as the other hostages squirm in terror. "I've already fixed it. Finally, people have the right attitude. They beg for mercy. They plead for my attention and grace. They speak to me with the respect I'm due. I don't think I've had a single rude comment or slur aimed at me today - isn't that nice? All it took was a quick demonstration of how inferior they really were. And just think, if you'd kept control of your class better, enforced the rules fairly and equally - it wouldn't have needed to come to this. I'm not sure if I should be grateful or not."

Definitely loopy. Was this all about a bad grade? Honestly, I found it hard to even picture staying mad about something like that once I had superpowers. It's not like you'd need to apply for an office job anymore, traditional grades no longer had a meaning from the moment she triggered. Maybe there were some pre-existing grudges and ego issues at play, and downplaying somebody's trigger event was probably pretty poor of me when I just messaged Cauldron one day and woke up with powers a few days later, trauma-free. I should probably try to be more of an empath in that respect.

I miss the whispered undertones of what one teacher says. I don't miss the response. "I will blow you the fuck up!" She loses her cool again. "I press this button, and every single one of you will die - some painlessly, some will have the misfortune of living and be able to spend the last few seconds of their lives trying to locate their missing limbs and organs out from the slurry that used to be their friends."

...Ok. That might be enough of being an empath. I get the need to continually threaten the reality of the situation on the hostages, but... it was difficult to present this as a reasonable or justified response in any way. That was fine. I could handle crazy. In fact, with how my powers worked - I actually felt better about 'working' on crazy people. I was doing them, the world and myself a favour. Plus, with her obvious ego and need to prove her superiority - I get to repeat the Sophia experience again. Finding someone who thinks they're the top dog, and putting them in their rightful place on their knees.

That was a nice image. I think. I mean, her costume in the real world wasn't exactly the most form-fitting in the world and she's got a full-face mask on both in and out of the challenge, but I trust my power's track record with things like this. She'll definitely be hot, if she isn't already. And I get the feeling that she already is. The Crazy/Hot graph is a straight line nine times out of ten.

She circles below me again. I refrain from jumping as she paces side-to-side, launching into another rant interspersed with suspicious glances at the doors. Difficult to predict, my landing needed to be perfect - isolate that device of hers before she can even realise someone else is nearby. An attack faster than her reaction speed - it meant attacking that arm first, rather than trying to land in the shadow state and then wrestling it away from her. I wouldn't beat her thumb like that. If I could land on the arm as it was extended, or when her arm was relaxed at her side, so I could carry my momentum into ripping it away from her - even if only to get it out of her grip so that Clockblocker's power wouldn't consider it as being held-

I pause. Actually, come to think of it - I've literally just upgraded Clockblocker's power. I shouldn't just assume that all the restrictions are the same. I could safely guess that anything giving me a guaranteed lockdown of the target - and therefore a guaranteed victory - would still be restricted in some way, but I could easily imagine held items being included in some of the new leeway I should have around now. Assuming I wasn't buffed in some other way, I didn't feel any extra charges on that power but I couldn't rule it out.

I mentally mull the idea over, picturing myself using the power on the detonator-remote clasped in her hand as I crash down to earth. Clockblocker's power seems to shiver in response, itching to be used. That's a good sign.

I fall forward as Bakuda stands in front of the pair of teachers again. For a moment, I feel like her NPC speech is looped but actually it just seems like she just really can't get over this issue with her grades. Either way, she's halfway into a passionate rant about her 'towering intellect being maligned by incompetent fools' when I land on her - Vista's power momentarily used to adjust the direction of my fall for an optimal landing. One hand grasps hers a split-second before my face would hit the ground, and a quick swap from Clockblocker into the shadow state completes my opening move.

I stand, ready to lunge into an offensive grapple as Bakuda painfully wrenches her hand free of the timelocked device. A high-pitched whine emerges from multiple directions around us before I'm even out of the shadow state. Raised voices and shrill screams start to emerge from the hostages as they attempt to scramble away to other parts of the room, but neither Bakuda or I pay them any mind. Because, despite being attacked - Bakuda wasn't paying any attention to me right now. Instead, she was desperately attempting to interact with the remote I'd just frozen. "Undo this!" She snaps at me.

The whining noises subtly increases in pitch, a slow beeping pattern emerging and speeding up as every second passes.

I breathe in through my teeth. "I think I get the issue, bombs are set to explode if they don't get a signal from that thing every now and then?"

"Obviously! I mentioned that very clearly in my initial speech, as if I wouldn't have insurance against some idiotic Cape just trying to take a shot at me! If my tech loses connection, or if I stop resetting the timer - I blow this place sky high." She ineffectually stabs at a few more buttons. "So now that you get it, undo this before every single one of us dies here!"

"Most of us. I'll live, I think." Probably. I couldn't be sure, knowing the more Tinker-y bombs she was capable of - but this was probably just a large explosion. I could handle that, probably. Find a wall to hide behind, don't let the roof fall on my head without the shadow state up. Browbeat's power may or may not tank it, but I'd rather not test it against shrapnel or shockwaves like that - I needed the surface area to diffuse hits. Blunt force was the speciality there. Doesn't matter either way, I definitely wouldn't be passing the challenge whether I lived or died.

"What?" She shakes her head. "You don't understand, if I don't enter the code within the next... fifty seconds, this place is going to become a smoking crater marking one of the greatest disasters in American history and it will be entirely your fault."

I raise my hands in the air. "Alright, I'll admit I was a bit reckless on this one - just jumping in like this. But I think the distribution of blame is still, 90-10 towards you. You're the terrorist here, I'm the good Samaritan. There's precedent for this. I gave it an honest try, an unknown Tinkertech interaction caused things to go sideways-"

"Shut your stupid mouth and turn your power off before we all blow up!" She half-screams at me.

Rude. I wave a hand at nothing. "I can't." I shrug. "It's stuck like that for... anywhere between twenty-seven seconds and five-minutes twenty." She stares at me. I shuffle uncomfortably for a moment. "I mean, if I'm being honest - those are just the highest and lowest numbers I've recorded. Actually, it clusters together in the two-three minute range for most tests, something like eighty percent of my tests ended around then - probably pretty reasonable to assume that it's got another... ninety seconds at least before it comes unstuck."

"We're all going to die here." She talks to the air numbly. "Killed by a monkey? Me?"

I ignore that last comment.

"You could have thought about that before all of-" I make an encompassing gesture. "-this. Feels like a pretty natural progression on from leaving a bunch of overpowered bombs around."

"Oh really? I think it was all going fine until some incompetent moron fucked it up for everyone!" She jabs a finger at me. "And you have the gall to sit there and look offended? You did this. You killed me. You killed yourself. You killed these idiots-" A vague gesture behind her.

"I get it, I get it! I just wanted to fight, was that so wrong?" I shake my head to cut off her response. "Okay. Hear me out." The beeping increases in intensity. "Fine, I lied. I actually can manipulate the device when it's like that, how do I defuse it?"

"Twist the thumb clockwise until it detaches, hold down the button - then use the keypad. 03270717."

"And that defuses all the bombs? Or just turns off the part where they explode on their own?"

"The former part, no. There's no need to defuse all of them, just the ones that will kill me - the blood of everyone outside this building will still be on your hands, but I can't do anything about that. The latter, obviously not. Why would I leave such an obvious weakness in my master plan? As if I'd allow myself to be defeated by a single hacked radio signal and a lucky Thinker. It will just signal them to fall back onto alternative triggers that I programmed ahead of time, just to make sure the job was completed properly no matter what. A defuse option... absolutely not. Letting a single Master defeat me? No." She shakes her head. "Not that it matters, you can at least have faith that I will survive - and I'll allow you to live by staying near me. Hurry up and do it before we all-"

"I actually lied. Can't do it." I confess. "Sorry, just fishing for information."

A beat of silence stretches between us. It doesn't last long.

"You absolute fucking-" I mentally tune out the torrent of abuse and insults that spills from her mouth the moment it starts.

A bit annoying, but maybe just a sign that Clockblocker's power wasn't enough to instantly win here. The code didn't seem too complex, but-

"-if I have to die, I'll at least have the pleasure of watching the person who killed me go straight to hell first!" That drags my attention back to the situation at hand. She's made some healthy distance from me, and is fixed in a triumphant posture partially ruined by some very deliberate twitches of different parts of her body. If I hadn't heard her previous sentence and deduced that she intended to kill me with this, I'd have asked if she was having a stroke of some kind.

Twitch. Twitch. Shuffle. Twitch.

I open my mouth. "I-"

FAILURE​

I blink. My newly incorporeal body remains exactly where I just was, an oversized scorch mark and some falling 'debris' are the only signs that my physical body was there in the first place.

Ouch. But also, fine. Three lessons learned in addition to the facts I knew about her gauntlet-remote: First, she has a backup control somewhere under her costume - not a single device or something easily manipulated in her mask, but something that requires the movement of certain limbs to control. Doubtless a way for her to ensure that she isn't neutralised by a single lucky attack.

Secondly, that took a long time for her to arm and detonate. Or, perhaps just to highlight and select the bomb she wanted to explode? Nobody else had detonated yet when she blew me up, so there were extra bombs that weren't using the same system as the bombs intended to destroy the campus. This was personal, targeted and didn't seem to be fired at me - I had already been standing on it. At a guess, a miniature minefield laid out explicitly for a confrontation with the heroes.

Three, I couldn't react with the shadow state. Aside from her overly-dramatic speech, there hadn't been any cue that I was about to die - no sound or sensation that I could use to time my shadow state defensively. The only thing I could do in response was either to shadow state early and hope she mistimed things or stay so close to her that she couldn't hit me without hitting herself.

Which was doable. I just had to reconcile it all with the fact that she might just be able to blow the entire place up even without her primary remote. I need a way to stop her from doing that. Or, to stop her from wanting to do that? I'll admit, diplomacy seemed a little more on the cards than I'd initially thought from her ranting. I'd expected her to delight in the fact that hundreds were going to die, but she'd actually seemed rather irate about her hand being 'forced' - not just the part where she was one of those hundreds. Was she, perhaps, just a poser? Crying out for attention from the closest dashing hero?

I could see it. She wouldn't admit it, naturally - so making sure that her first response couldn't be 'kill everyone' and making it to the stage where I get to start a dialogue with her would have to be my priority for round two.

But before then... my priority had to be making it to round two. With a gesture, space pinches together - my ash clone surging forward to face the well-armed Tinker. This shouldn't be a difficult fight. It was all the extra details that I had to worry about. As much as I didn't have to worry about consequences aside from the mission rules in my challenges, if I pushed her hard enough that she blew up the entire building and killed Armsmaster and half the Wards - my reputation would never recover and I would find that all of the leniency with the law that I'd earned up to this point would vanish. Prison or probation in the Wards, no other options. No winning too hard, no making any mistakes against bomb Tinker, don't kill her because a dead-mans-switch is the most obvious, cliche thing for her speciality to suggest - it's easy to see why approaching this would be difficult for the heroes.

I was actually the best-suited in the entire Bay to handle this woman. All I had to do was keep her in the back foot, keep her in my sight... and before long, she'd be putty in my hands no matter how real her threats were originally.

A pair of drones screech towards me. I dip through the floor in my shadow state before they reach my just as Bakuda disintegrates my ash clone, the series of simultaneous explosions momentarily concealing us both from each other's line of sight. By the time it clears, I've settled on the floor below her - snatching up a set of napkins from a nearby table. They aren't quite large enough for my preferred missiles, but at least the shape is well-suited for turning into a ball. I resummon my ash clone, hand it Parian's power and the 'ammunition' and leave it to help manage any more drones that come in my direction.

I spare a glance down at the hall. No Wards in sight. Was that a good thing, or a bad one? Armsmaster was still frozen, so they hadn't done everything they'd hoped for right away - but I didn't even know for sure if that was possible to free him, and if it was, then I expected the Tinkertech involved to be complex enough to require some serious analysis. It doesn't really matter all that much, keeping Bakuda busy aligns with both my personal goals and the 'heroic' goals that my persona should have.

A drone falls from the sky, a glancing blow from my clone's Parian-infused missile taking out one wing and sending it into a spiral towards the ground floor. As for me? I was heading back up. I'd initially just intended to wait for every single shadow state to come back before trying to jump up to the next floor - but I didn't even need a long glide thanks to Vista's upgrade. Since my last boost, it didn't only have the expanded versatility, but it also seemed to 'snap back' faster when I no longer needed it. The pinched space I'd used to help my clone attack just a few moments ago was already undone. I attempt to warp the entire looking area above me down to my level, noting an unusual sense of resistance as I do so - clearly the Manton limit at play, something I'd never encountered with the original version I owned purely because that version literally only worked on air. The entire space had to be empty, so it was never really an issue.

I pull down only one side instead, settling for a convenient, if overly steep, ramp up to the floor above. One shadow state, or one punch-through the stretched-out floor with Browbeat's powerset - that's all I would need for a straight route to Bakuda.

And for Bakuda to have a straight shot at me. As much as part of me wanted to test my reflexes and defensive options, as much as I had so, so much confidence in myself against what seemed to be just a fancy grenade launcher and some defensive drones... I've died, so, so many times in so many painful ways because I didn't think I needed every advantage available. Because I overestimated myself, or underestimated my enemy. Because I thought that my own skills and power were enough for the task at hand, and didn't give myself enough room to recover when something went wrong.

Right now, Bakuda was probably feeling pretty good. She knows I'm wary of her real Tinkertech explosives, she's deterred me from melee - she's in a nice, defensive position with limited approaches, more of her own drones undoubtedly coming in and the presumed arrival of Lung and Oni Lee was likely just a few minutes away in the worst case scenario. For someone who liked talking about the relative difference in IQ between her and everyone else, and all the talk about being a genius... I could see the train of thought as if I was a literal mind reader. It's a familiar one.

Because I get it. I know that confidence she has in herself and her abilities. The self-assurance that comes from knowing that you've thought about how to win, how everything is going according to plan and how all of these other Capes are just brute-forcing everything while flailing in the webs of your plan. I really, really get it. More than anyone else. The feeling that you only lose because you're unlucky, or that it's rigged - and when you win, it's because you were better. Smarter. More deserving. That attitude is understandable, but a weakness all the same. A sign that she hasn't failed often enough. Hasn't felt the consequences of a lack of respect for her opponent. Hasn't had the raw combat experience she needs to claw for every advantage. Hasn't had her own weaknesses and tendencies highlighted and abused repeatedly.

That's why using Vista's power like that wasn't about me going up the ramp. It was about about her having to monitor two potential paths that I could approach from, it was about her eyes-in-the-sky being momentarily blinded by my clone until she could pull more of her drones in. It was about the fact that it's simple human nature to see the sudden creation of a new path and think that's the direction the attack is coming from. Like the police breaking down your front door, you'd never expect the first cop to crawl out from under your bed. Similarly, I don't give Bakuda the chance to consider my 'known' powers and the way I could use them. I don't give her time to think about why or how I'd survived her explosions so far and what that might mean.

Maybe she was too arrogant to care about anything other than the heavy hitters with the flashy powers, because as my elongated jump expires - two charges of the shadow state burned to sustain my upwards-momentum through the floor - my fist is already buried in the side of her torso. Brute-enhanced strength earns me an audible crack as something in her costume buckles under the blow, with the Tinker finding herself knocked away like a bowling pin - rolling across the ground a few times as she scrapes to a halt in an indignant heap.

I let her get up. If this was a challenge, I could have tried choking her out from that position. Thrown her backwards off of the balcony. Settled into a comfortable grappling position. Broken a limb. Done pretty much anything except knock her away.

But, again. Winning too quickly and easily had complications here. Dragging the fight out was relatively normal for Cape battles, better for the 'hostage situation', helped distract her from anything the Wards were doing elsewhere in the building and - most importantly of all - let me keep line-of-sight on her for my challenges. If I got her into a position where she didn't believe escape was possible - or that rescue wasn't coming - who was to say that she wouldn't act on her previous threat and blow us all up at once?

No, playing it slow. Dragging it out, enjoying myself - that was the best action I could take right now.

"Cheap shot-" She growls, voice heavily filtered by the mask. "-you won't get a chance like that again."

I grin, spreading my arms out wide. "Don't go making a mistake now. That was just a little warning shot from me, after you brushed me off earlier as some random small fry. I almost got a little angry, seeing some baby Tinker in their first real Cape fight - thinking that they deserved to skip past me like I was a level one mook."

She scoffs. "You think I'm wrong? Look down there at your precious Armsmaster, stuck as a spectator. You might not like it, but I am the new best Tinker in the Bay. The world, even. And I'm being modest with that."

I can't help the laugh that escapes me. "That's funny."

"Laugh all you want, it doesn't change reality." Another of her drones tumbles out of the sky behind me, not mobile enough to dodge my ash clone's Parian-based anti-air fire. Very effective, but at some point I'd need it to relocate to get access to more fabric. Tablecloths, curtains, napkins - anything would do, there was plenty around. But there were plenty of drones too, and she was trying to be sneakier with them now.

"The reality that you hit Armsmaster at his weakest with a sneak attack, cowered up here to fight the heroes remotely and arm a few gang members to do all the real fighting for you?" I taunt. "Nobody is going to respect that. The fact that you're proud of it is a little embarrassing, honestly." I skip to the side with Vista's power as a projectile is fired in my direction from her gauntlet. Easy to dodge, but when dealing with explosives it was better to make more distance. "The ABB might as well have ordered some fresh supplies from the latest rookie to join Toybox and been just as well off!"

"Small fry to deal with small fry, what of it? Is it my fault that handing out a few unwanted failures from my collection turns a few ABB grunts into powerhouses strong enough to terrify the Protectorate?" She sneers. "And it's perfectly natural to reserve my talents for someone actually worthy of facing them. I'd hoped that might be Armsmaster, but in the battle between Tinkers - he failed at the first hurdle. A disappointment - but not a surprising one."

The smile partially falls from my face at that. I'm trying to be fair, anyone would be proud of sneaking anything by Armsmaster like she had... but I'm not sure I appreciated the takeaways she was trying to make here. If Newter poked Lung in his sleep and knocked him out, we wouldn't start calling him the new strongest in the Bay - and certainly wouldn't run around trying to reinvent history concerning Lung's personal strength. Why did we have to do that here? Sure, I'm biased - I'll admit that much. But that doesn't mean that I'm wrong. Armsmaster packs this chick up ten times out of ten if you take out the booby-trapped venue.

Rather than use words, I highlight my displeasure another way.

A small section of the floor next to her seems to explode upwards, Bakuda stumbles backwards in a frantic retreat as a red cloth slowly floats through the air between us - the energy from the attack all-but-spent as my ash clone gets to work on the next missile.

I smile at her realisation that she doesn't actually have a way to handle an attack like that hurtling up from the floorboards beneath her feet. Anywhere she goes, my ash clone can mirror her from below. She settles into a steady retreat clockwise around the room, not quite running - but the sporadic lunges from side-to-side as she walks highlights her concern about needing to dodge something she couldn't see coming.

A bit of fear was good. I couldn't just let someone get away with slandering Armsmaster in front of me. And, if nothing else, this woman needed a reality check pretty urgently anyway.

I stroll after her. "The way I see it, the strength of Tinkers comes from their ability to change their loadout. To take the right tools to the right job." I pace to the side for a moment as my ash clone, one floor below us, scrambles to a new position ahead of us both. "Any Tinker can beat 90% of Capes if they know what fight is happening in advance - it's the fact that they don't know in advance that gets them. You beat Armsmaster, sure - but you beat an Armsmaster that came prepared for a speech and fine dining. He had his basic kit, sure - but that's not what let him fight the likes of Lung and Hookwolf in close combat last year and come out just fine. He comes out and does events like this, patrols the streets - knowing that any situation that comes up, he doesn't have those advantages that come with being a Tinker. He does it anyway, because he's just like that - and he does a pretty good job doing it."

"Oh, I get it. An Armsmaster fanboy. You're that mad I took out your idol?" She taunts.

"It's a little sad to see him get caught unawares like that, I'm going to be defending him on PHO all night." I admit. "But I'm used to it. It's not like he has a flawless winrate. Being a real fan means supporting through the tough losses, just as much as the wins. As I was just explaining, Tinkers lose sometimes. They're rarely at 100%. Can't be ready for every type of fight at once. Purity needs a different response than Circus, Kaiser is different to Lung, and maybe sometimes the generic loadout just isn't enough. That's just the risk of being on the front lines." I tilt my head. "A risk that you haven't really internalised yet, showing up like this. What was the plan if someone like me showed up? I haven't seen anything impressive from you yet, you should have tried hiding a block or two away if this is all you had."

"Big words. Talking like you've already won, after barely surviving the opening salvo?" She's recovered her stride now. "You're fortunate that you're such a nobody, otherwise I'd have blasted you away along with that entire side of the building. Wasting my real trump cards on you, on my debut? That's not going to happen. Tonight, the world sees what I'm truly capable of-"

"A big bomb, amazing." I drawl. A flex of Vista's power makes my next step worth twenty. Bakuda drops something at her feet in response to my closeness, and I take the exact same step backwards to maintain my distance - shifting into Glory Girl's forcefield and allowing the warped space to unravel as swiftly as it can. Two seconds later, red lightning fills the air where we had both been standing just a few moments prior. One more bomb down. How many of those does she have? Less than she did, certainly. I shift into a light jog to catch up on the distance she's made on me. "And the hostages, I suppose. But, here's the thing - that doesn't have anything to do with me."

She raises one gauntleted fist at me in warning. "Obviously it does. Unless you want the blood of hundreds of people on your hands, you have to do-"

"Your hands." I correct. "Nothing to do with me what your tech does. I'll just say it was a faulty fuse or something. Who's going to speak up for some idiot terrorist that blew themselves up with their own bomb?"

"I wouldn't let myself die like that." She hisses. "And I'm a villain, death and destruction is what I do - but you? You're a hero. They won't forgive you for ruining a situation they thought was under control."

"Sure they will. My power's too good for them to stay mad at me. I'll admit to being reckless and impulsive and then they'll just pressure me into the Wards for my probation. My slate will be wiped clean after a few years, and you'll either be dead or in the Birdcage." I shake my head. "The whole 'fulfil my demands or else' doesn't really work that well, does it? Just need one person not to care, and you've put all your resources into something that doesn't help you win or survive. Look at String Theory. Still in the Birdcage after all that drama. What a waste."

"I'm better than String Theory." She snips at me.

"You're not even better than Kid Win." I counter, pacing in a half-circle around her - shepherding her away from the area she'd started the fight in. Couldn't trust that there weren't more explosives lying in wait around there. "Really, what makes you a threat to me, right now? Kid Win, he's got mobility. Ranged attacks. Some nice power armour. That ridiculous cannon of his. He's got tools to escape. Hacking capabilities. Scanners in his visor. A little toolkit in that drone that follows him around - jamming, scanning and another ranged option. A little taser thing built into his suit, and a few regular old containment foam grenades. And you? You've got some pretty average armour, some kind of blasting feature on your gauntlets, a few dozen hobby drones that anyone could buy a store and, of course, those grenades that are mostly worse than the real thing - except with fancy colours. And the bluffs and bluster about a super-bomb, of course. It doesn't-"

Vista's power again. Step in. She attempts to blast me again. This time, instead of retreating, I dip into the shadow state and go low - if I was physical, it would look like a sliding dive between her legs, but in this state it was just a surge of smoke and shadow that she hadn't learned to interpret the movements of yet. "-help you here-" I continue, trapping her arm as she whirls around - then I hurl her towards the ground. "-in a real fight!"

She struggles into the ground for a moment, then snarls. "If you don't let me go, I swear I'll explode this-"

"Hey, no blustering. You wanted to take Armsmaster's spot, right? He wouldn't use idle threats in a situation like this, he'd just use it to his advantage." I let her squirm for a moment. "Here's the thing, I actually respect what you've done today. Armsmaster isn't dead, is he?" It's not really a question. "You'd want him to know that he was beaten. Want the world to know that he was present, but couldn't stop you. That's the feeling I get. If he was dead, he'd get all the headlines - right? And I still think that he's the better Tinker, but - I'll admit. You could have killed him if you'd wanted to. That's why I'm going easy on you, rather than just taking revenge. So. That's three Capes on stage that you've spared, so I'll give you three chances to get the best of me. To make it all even. How about that?"

"I don't need handouts or pity from you." She scoffs.

I raise an eyebrow. "Are you sure? Looks like you're stuck to me. If you've got a trick to get out of a bind like this, you'd better pull it out. Because if you wait too long, Gallant will probably think that the fight is over and come back here to arrest you. Nothing I can do then." I grin as she struggles some more. "Guess not. Here. If you say 'please let me go' - I'll let you get up, get some distance, and we can do this again."

"That would be the last mistake you'll ever make." She laughs. "I'll admit, getting me into this position was a stroke of luck - you're the envy of the world right now. But that was only because I've been saving my best-"

"Yeah, yeah. To be honest, saying that sounds a lot less intimidating coming from someone pressed flat into the ground." I twist her arm lightly, earning a hiss of discomfort. "I'm looking forward to seeing what you've got though."

"Fine. Let me up." She growls.

I don't move. "That wasn't quite the right phrase, try again."

"You cannot be serious. I could kill everyone with a twitch if I-" She glowers at me, the movement of her eyes just barely visible through the slits in her mask. I smile back at her. "...please."

"That was it, all together now!" I encourage cheerfully.

"..." If looks could kill, I'd be a scorch mark on the floor by now. "Please. Let. Me. Go." Every word is ground out forcefully, every syllable enunciated with every bit of contempt and hate that she can muster.

Hot.

"Good girl." I smile. "Just one moment." No sense wasting a 'safe' opportunity like this, with the low cooldowns being what they were.

She stiffens in fury. "You said-"

"Just plotting my escape route, it would be terribly embarrassing if I couldn't live up to all of my big talk. Then there would be two of us!" I push myself up. Three. Two. One. The timer hits zero. "Challenge." I whisper.

Now, let's see. The initial approach was pretty flawless last time, save for the bit where I put all the bombs on a timer and took away the only way to disable it. But I didn't need to do that, especially with my knowledge that this challenge actually had a full personality simulated and she wasn't just going to immediately explode everyone as the opening move. I had options, and my option of choice... was to call her bluff.

Seventy-two seconds after entering the simulation, I drop on Bakuda from above once again. No clockblocks this time, just a routine takedown.

"Get the fuck off me, hero, or I swear I'll kill every last person here-" She snarls, bucking against me furiously - a mirror of her current real-life self. Even down to the threats.

"You're not going to do that." I reply confidently. "But don't worry, if you do as I say-"

Click.

FAILURE​

Okay.

Might have misjudged her a little. Not entirely a bluff then. Definitely makes me feel like I'm doing the right thing dragging this out as long as I can. Is anyone even going to be able to tell me if the Wards did something about the bomb? Vista, Clockblocker, Kid Win - they had a few options to deal with it once they found it, but that didn't guarantee that someone was going to actually tell me everything was good now. Not having direct communication with the squad was kind of a downer on that front.

I'll just have to assume. And make sure that I keep her focused on me, angry enough to want to prove herself, with no real opportunities to get out of the blast radius of her supposed super-bomb. Assuming she doesn't just press it on a whim. Not that I had any idea how I'd stop her from doing that. She did it in the challenge, who's to say her mindset has changed much since then? What was even the right move here?

...how do people actually handle real hostage situations? My plan of just ignoring it only worked under the assumption that they really wouldn't kill people out of spite after they no longer had anything to gain from it. And, while that totally worked in real life where villains were scared of being killed or going to the Birdcage, clearly that didn't work in my challenges where death was the normal, acceptable outcome anyway.

Or, maybe the challenge was different in that this was something close to the reason she triggered. Maybe it was a bit too personal for her to back down on? I didn't get it, but without a trigger event of my own - I wasn't really in a position to throw stones. Maybe she's mellowed out?

...probably not.

I scowl at the back of the real-life version before bounding away. At least this is only the first challenge. I don't need much time in between attempts. I'd have time to return to make other approaches. Maybe outright crippling her at the start? Maybe that was too aggressive, would she even be willing to talk after an opening move like that? What if I just tried walking up in the open?

Getting lost in my thoughts here. I'd have to try another approach for her challenge, but I needed to focus right now. I had all the tools I needed to handle this Cape, but I couldn't afford to slip up - I had to acknowledge the fact that my shadow state, Browbeat's power and Glory Girl's forcefield weren't guaranteed to protect against her entire arsenal. The average effect might not be absurdly strong, but attacks that weren't traditional force were more likely to hurt me in ways that my active power didn't cover. Got to stay mobile.

I dance backwards from a wave of miniaturised grenades, Browbeat's power minimising the small amount of debris and shrapnel that reaches me.

It's fairly apparent that this woman isn't much of a threat to me anyway. It's not a matter of force, but her ability to connect with it. She's a force multiplier, but not much of a fighter on her own. It takes a few close-shaves for me to find another opening, but every one of her attacks disrupts her surroundings too much for her to keep track of me - every explosion hides me from view, every blast from her gauntlets drowns the area in heat, light and sound, and every single one of her dangerous attacks has the risk of hitting herself if she gets too close. That's a terrible combination against someone with my mobility and defensive options.

I frown as a humming noise from above interrupts me. Another drone, coming by for a bombing run - this time, clearly trying to avoid an angle where my ash clone could intercept it before it reached me. I didn't have many ranged options, I'd have to find a good moment to tag it with Clockblocker's power - perhaps Vista's? The thought process is interrupted by a red streak firing from ground-level that sends it off-balance and into the wall where it explodes - I glance over to note Gallant several floors down, already turning away to direct his attention elsewhere. Huh. Useful of him. And he found his suit, I guess that speed power lasted long enough to help him get changed too.

Doesn't mean he's going to be much of an asset in this fight. His power still sucks. Hell, I'm pretty sure that drone would have been just fine if it didn't crash into the wall.

Whatever. It worked out. He's trying his best, I suppose. Looks like he's focusing on evacuating people with Vista and taking potshots at ABB members that get too close to the building.

More importantly, I'm pretty sure that sneaking that drone over here was Bakuda's brilliant plan for taking me out this time. Looking at Bakuda again, her body language no longer has the same imperious, confident attitude. She's already inching towards the closest set of stairs, looking to run despite the continued stream of insults emerging from her mask.

Wouldn't have made a difference anyway, but I appreciate her actually trying. For a rookie - and I certainly wasn't counting Cornell considering it ended without a real fight - this was actually a respectable effort. It was just a terrible, terrible matchup. Her range and hyper-lethality would have actually done well against most of the Bay, but not so much against grab-bags or well-rounded fighters. A weird case where she'd comfortably handle Hookwolf with zero effort, only to lose handily to Circus. It felt like an incredibly lopsided matchup to me, but only because I was a mish-mash of different power ratings that only the strongest in the Bay would feel confident in facing.

And Bakuda wasn't one of those.

Fifty-six seconds after I let her go, my fist plants itself in her side. No Browbeat this time, I didn't trust her armour to hold up - and a normal person might just die if I hit them wrong like this. I followup with a second blow at the stomach, a third at her chin that warps into holding her mask as she weaves back away from me. After a moment of consideration, I use my grip to yank her towards me - pulling us both in a spinning fall towards the ground where she lands heavily beneath me, my hand pinning her face to the ground as I straddle her.

Not the best grappling position, I'd have to move against a serious fighter - but a close-quarters expert is something Bakuda certainly wasn't. And besides, having a Brute's hand wrapped around your face was enough of a threat to keep her still and compliant for the moment.

"That didn't go much better." I tell her conversationally.

"Fuck you." That's the plan. "This just isn't the right venue for me to demonstrate my power-" Her voice peters out in confusion as I remove her helmet. "-what, you can't- you can't do that." She almost sounds offended at being unmasked.

"You started this fight unmasked, and everyone knows who you are anyway." I shrug. "And I wanted to see your embarrassed face after failing to beat me once again, after claiming it would be trivial for you to do so anytime." That, on top of the fact that it was most likely how she was controlling the drones so precisely - while also clearly giving her some kind of feedback-slash-control mechanism for the rest of her tech. Without it, I think she'd be easier to handle. Not that I was going to tell her that.

Her eyes take on a manic edge. "You insufferable, arrogant wretch-" She starts. "-when I-"

I nod along. "This time for real, you won't hold back even a little. I'll be turned to dust in an instant. Something like that." I grin. "Getting a little tired of hearing it, actually. For someone who thinks they're so smart, I would have thought you'd be able to look past your own ego by now and realise some things just weren't meant to be."

"I have more chances." Bakuda insists. "From the stage. That's what you said, right? Two more. Not that I need two, one is more than enough."

"I am a man of my word." I agree easily. Were the Wards going to finish anytime soon? If they were still here when Lung arrived, things might get a little complicated. The current situation was fine for me, I was having some friendly fujn with Bakuda - even if she wouldn't agree - and getting extra challenges in while stopping her from escalating the situation elsewhere, but my perspective entirely revolved around my personal ability to get away and the fact that I didn't care if the ABB "won" today. If we started entering potential casualties in the mix, things could get messy. The Wards wouldn't stick around, would they? I'm absolutely sure that they have someone screaming in their ears to run right now - but I haven't seen them slipping out, in fact, I haven't seen them at all save for Vista and sometimes Gallant becoming visible on the ground floor guiding out some guests that had tried to hide.

Bakuda remains silent beneath me for a moment. "P-please let me up."

Ah. This was so much better with the mask off. The anger. The slight hint of humiliated tears and frustration. The naked bloodlust in her expression. A simmering cocktail of emotions that all had to contend with the rational, logical part of her mind that knew, most likely, this exact scenario was going to repeat itself again. A part of her mind she clearly intended to ignore.

I think I'm enjoying this. "Challenge."

This time. I wait. And I wait. And I wait. Twenty-four minutes into the challenge, one of the hostages sprints for the door while her back is turned.

Click. Boom. "And let that be a lesson to all of you-"

FAILURE​

Fine. Good to know the hostages aren't just willing to sit tight, I'll need to keep them under control if I get a good run going - don't want them making a break for it the moment I get the upper hand. I clear my throat. "Third time lucky then?" I let her up and back away.

The only response I get is a scream of rage and a gesture that unfurls a small launcher from her gauntlet. I make some distance, only for the new missile to turn towards me. Fast.

Very fast.

I phase right through the floor, the explosion shaking even my shadow state as the floor collapses around me mid-fall - every blast and explosive she's used so far culminating in enough damage to send entire sections of the upper floor crashing down to the lower floors. As I stabilise in a pile of wooden debris three floors lower than I started, I realise that she wasn't immune to the damage on the floors either - too busy stumbling across the newly-unstable balcony to try and capitalise on my momentary loss of control over the situation.

It's easy to see the issue. She's running out of her preferred ammo. She can only store so much herself, even what she has now wouldn't have gotten through security - all she has is whatever she smuggled in before the event and whatever her drones delivered afterwards. All of her previous controlled, close-to-mid range options are getting close to depletion - and now she's left with options that are better at a distance or are too strong or uncontrolled to be used in the way she wants.

Not a problem now that I'm so separated though. I stretch the wall into the direct path of the next missile to be aimed my way, the new pointed protrusion sufficient to protect me from the brunt of the attack - save for the bricks and debris that fall my way afterwards. The building... isn't doing so hot. My 'shield' was just a wall, after all. A wall that certainly wasn't rated to handle an explosive-based Tinker unleashing her creations on it. Parts of the wall crumble away even before Vista's power starts to revert, the support my 'borrowed' section would have provided naturally not doing much of anything with such a massive hole blasted into it.

Glad I'm not paying for this.

Bakuda is already lining up her next shot, an exultant shout of something only barely audible as distant noise over the collapsing rubble around me. Probably something about her brilliant genius and how this was the only way it could have ended when I chose to oppose her. I could be wrong, but I feel like I've got a pretty good handle on her mannerisms and tendencies by now.

Including her complete lack of situational awareness. I might be all the way down here, but she's already forgotten about my one true partner. My ash clone finishes creeping up on her from behind and neatly sweeps her legs out from underneath her.

Time to move. I shift into the speed-state to close the distance as fast as I can. This is faster than waiting on the shadow state to jump up between the floors overlooking the stage. One flight of stairs. Two. Three. I wait in the final stairwell as my ash clone finally dies, one shockwave being just a little too close and too strong to stay intact. Rest in peace.

Need to be a little bit careful now. My ash clone had been alive for a fair few minutes giving me support. I couldn't resummon it until that same length of time has passed. If she starts trying to hit me with drones again, I'll have to be more cautious - unless Gallant can fill in the gaps.

...probably not. That guy was a fraud. Where even was he, anyway? Why did he even follow me up in the first place if he was just going to head right back down again? Did he just doubt my ability to actually fight Bakuda, or did he think I was up to something and wanted to escort me away? Whatever the case, I hope those doubts are put to rest now. This probably looks pretty epic to other people, with all the collateral damage and explosions going on up here. It's fun to me, but when you're a squishy loser with a sucky Blaster power and a stolen Tinker suit, this must look like Eidolon clashing with Behemoth.

Maybe a little bit of an exaggeration, but not that much. I know, strictly speaking, PRT ratings aren't everything and shouldn't really be used to powerscale... but the fact that if you tally everything up, I genuinely could have at least five-times the total number that he has? That really does mean something. Different leagues. There's levels to this.

It seems Bakuda has completely lost track of me, giving me a moment to breathe. Shadow state charges? Check. Glory Girl forcefield? Ready to go. Ash clone? Still no, but I can't wait that long. Vista? Ready. I lunge out onto the floor. She's not facing me, busy interacting with the damaged drone that Gallant had knocked out earlier.

Good time for another try then. "Challenge."

Peaceful approach. This time, I enter the hall on foot - phasing through the corner guarded by an explosive to avoid the detonation. "Hey there, I-"

"Fuck you!"

Click.

FAILURE​

My eyebrow twitches. This had no right to be as difficult as it was being.

She frantically tries to retrieve something from the damaged casing before I reach her. I reach her right as her hand comes out, pulling her away from the wreckage and slapping the trailing item in her hand with Clockblocker's power before hauling her away. She doesn't hesitate to launch into a new excuse for her defeat. "Oh, congratulations. You managed to 'beat' me by getting here before I was ready. I hope you're proud of yourself."

I blink. I stare at her. "Really?"

"What?" She stares back, a terrible lack of shame in her eyes. I tilt my head towards the stage, where Armsmaster and the two Wards stand frozen. With nothing else to do, she follows my gaze. Then turns back to me with a confused look. I send an additional, meaningful nod to get the question across. "It's completely different." She dismisses.

"I don't think it is." I retort drily.

"He's a Tinker. He has had years and years to prepare for a moment like this, and he utterly failed anyway. I'm hardly to blame for that." She attempts to wave a hand, foiled by the fact that I'm not letting her move her limbs so freely.

"You're a Tinker." I counter.

"A better Tinker, but yes - what of it?" The worst part is, I think she's serious. No introspection at all, just complete, unabashed hypocrisy.

"So, doesn't that mean you had all the time in the world to prepare too?" I ask innocently.

"Clearly not." She attempts to look down her nose at me, and makes an impressive attempt at it for someone actively being pressed into the ground. "If I had even a fraction of his time and resources, not only you - but this entire city would be-"

"But you chose this, right? Opted into it?" I interrupt. "If you're not ready for a fight despite being the one to fire the starting gun, that's just a skill issue on your part."

"Maybe it's too difficult a concept for smaller minds to comprehend." She shakes her head as if somehow pitying me. "You see, some of us actually have to work for our powers, we can't all be like you and just get them gifted on a platter one day- Ow! What the-" She winces as her arm is raised at a harsh angle for just a brief moment.

"Just shifting my weight." I lie. "Anyway, I'm a Tinker too you know. Technically."

She pauses, eyes searching me up and down before settling on my chest. "Amateur work. Disgusting." Her nose wrinkles. "It looks half-finished, and I'm being generous with the half. Ugly. Poor materials. Shoddy craftsmanship. You truly do have no shame, it suits you."

"It's practical." I defend my finest creation. "And half-finished is the point. The full thing is heavy, can't go running around with it that easily. It just sits like this until I'm ready to use it, then-"

"I don't care. It sucks. At least that kid back there had some real respect for the Tinker work he was using, he makes it look good - but you're carrying that around like it's something to be proud of? Gross." She sniffs.

"Hang on, don't put him in the same category as me. That's offensive." I interject.

"You're not in the same category." She smirks. "You're below- Ow! Stop that!"

"Whoops." I don't bother making an excuse this time. "Fine. I won't kill some time talking about our shared interests then. Why don't you get back to whatever you were saying about how you getting attacked when you aren't ready is different to Armsmaster getting attacked when he wasn't ready?"

She turns her head away. "There's barely anything to continue. It's all plainly self-evident." She sounds put-out. "You won because you ambushed me before I could show off my full power. There's nothing more to say on the matter. It doesn't mean anything."

"Which is exactly what you did to Armsmaster." I argue.

"No, he got out-strategised and out-Tinkered." She tells me smugly. "Time to let me go again, isn't it? Hero? Please?"

I level a glare at her. She's too shameless. The way she so effortlessly discards facts and logic to cling to the narrative and agenda that suits her best... I recognise a peer when I see one. This is an elite-tier PHO troll that's yet to even touch the forums. In another life, I would have welcomed her as a sister-in-arms.

Unfortunately, she was slandering Armsmaster. My GOAT.

"All for keeps this time." I promise with a terse smile. "Kid gloves are coming off, so you can surrender early if you like." I mime a heavy punching motion in the air before allowing her up, swapping active powers as I do so.

Once done, I back away. Five, ten, fifteen paces.

"Same here." She smirks back at me. "Perhaps I'll-"

"Talking isn't a free action!" I activate Echo the moment she inadvertently walks into my set-up attack, a clean hit straight across the jaw that would have killed her if I'd set it up with Browbeat's power active. "Armsmaster would have done his research, he wouldn't have gotten hit by a power that PHO has been talking about for weeks!"

I stalk forward. A bug settles on my forehead, I grant it administrator and Clockblocker's power. It flies off before Bakuda has a chance to retaliate.

The gap shrinks between us in an instant, Bakuda - now fully-familiar with the effect of my version of Vista's power - is already aiming her gauntlets for a controlled blast of heat. Or, perhaps it's more of a directed blast? Grenades really did seem to be her thing, and both the launcher and the pseudo-flamethrower did seem to 'load' from the same storage unit in her arms.

Irrelevant. My forcefield eats the initial blast, long enough for me to force her arms up and away from me. "Armsmaster wouldn't use the same, failed tactics four times in a row and hope that it would work this time!" I plant a square kick into her torso, dead-centre in her armour right as I start ramping up Browbeat's power. She hurtles across the carpet, rolling a few times - gasping and wheezing as she tries and fails to push herself up. "Armsmaster wouldn't lose three, make it four times in a row in the first place!"

"Fuck-" Whatever she is going to say is cut off as I pull her up, thrusting my arm to the side to press her against, then through the balcony. "-wh- whoa! Wait!" She flails as she hangs over open air, perhaps appreciating her mortality if I decided to let go right now.

"Armsmaster wouldn't care in this situation." I continue. "He has a jetpack. He has mobility boots. He has grappling hooks in his gauntlets. Variants 9 through 13 of the ArmsCycle have anti-gravity functionality and can drive directly up walls for a short time if needed. Inertia dampeners. He always has a tool. Always has something. Kid Win, Leet, even Squealer could do something here. But you? There's nothing you can do. Nothing but begging."

I toss her behind me, immediately pacing after her again as she starts to scramble. The gauntlets come up again. Must have reloaded more than I'd thought off of that drone earlier, but it still doesn't matter.

"You don't have anything!" I accuse. "You said you weren't ready, and I actually agree! But it's nothing that you could have fixed today. You got away from Cornell without being caught because they were too scared of the bombs you left around to chase you, and suddenly you think you're a master of Cape fights? You think you can tangle with the best? You're an amateur!" I'm on her again. Left hook. Another. Elbow into the stomach as she tries to ineffectually grab me, then another heavy throw into the ground.

She lets out a scream of rage as I approach again. Her launcher unfolds from her gauntlet once more. From what I saw of that last time, that's likely to hit her just as much as it is me. I smile, not slowing my advance for a moment. She adopts a confused expression as nothing happens, pulling her gauntlet back only to find the mechanism snapping - the missile hanging in-place with a single, dead bug resting on top of it, mission accomplished.

"You're not even the best user of your own tech. Maybe if you gave that glorified grenade launcher to someone who could actually aim, and maybe upgrade it with some off-the-shelf grenades - this might be more of a challenge!" I call out.

"Off-the- how dare you!" The gasp from that is louder than the one that drove the air out of her lungs a few seconds ago. "My tech- my tech is-"

"Trash." I conclude, dancing away from a trio of explosions and lunging through the crystalline-remnants one blast leaves behind with the shadow state. "All the gangs around here have grenades that just kill you if you're within five, but really more like ten metres - and they'll fuck you well beyond that range anyway." Take it from experience. "What's the point of something that only kills people in a three-metre radius? Am I supposed to be impressed just because its a different colour?"

Except for the fact that it fucked over everything in that radius indiscriminately, protective armour, powers or whatever. But I was here to be a petty bitch, not to be objective.

"Those were rush-jobs for mass-production-" She sounds incensed. "-Lung wanted them right now, that barely even counts as Tinkertech. Certainly not a true example of my genius-"

"Good enough to use as your core loadout for your big debut." I sprint after her as she attempt to aim her gauntlets again - but starts to run away after just a moment, evidently realising she was out of ammo again. Maybe near-completely this time. I catch up fast, grabbing her shoulder and spinning her around. "You're a third-rate Tinker-" She tries to punch me, I knee her twice in the stomach, then slam my fist into her jaw. "-with fourth-rate tech!" One last time, I send her crashing into the ground. A Brute-enhanced hand clamps around her gauntlet, the other settles on her neck. I cycle through Tinker powers, doing my best to understand the half-busted open internals. Power. Backup. Targeting. Sensors. Selection. Ammo. I squeeze down on the sections purely limited to weaponry, causing yells of pain and the noise of buckling metal to briefly drown out the distant sounds of gunfire.

Drama queen. This isn't much worse than stubbing a toe. Or rather, it wouldn't be much worse after I healed her up a bit. Any parts of her arm or hand that I broke, I'd fix up in a moment - this was just a momentary bit of pain as I neutralised her weapon. I inspect the ruined gauntlet with approval. It would be nice if I could parse the technology with a little more confidence, isolate every part that wasn't tied to some equivalent of a deadman's switch - but this was the best I could do without Bakuda's own power feeding me the schematics directly. Every major control on the gauntlet seems non-functional - good enough to hand over to the cops without feeling like I was sending them someone with a loaded gun in their pocket. Her challenge-version had something under her clothes as a backup control, but looking at the state of her armour - I'm pretty sure whatever that system evolved into is also busted.

She stares up at me. Pain. Rage. Exhaustion. Humiliation. And, one that's been steadily growing for a while now - fear.

It's a good look on her.

"Out of chances." I tell her, one hand reaching out to grasp her face.

"No!" She squirms away from my reach. Futile, but what was she even imagining here? I was obviously a hero, had she forgotten that? "I- please- I'm sorry-"

My hand seals around her face. Panacea's power flows out from my hand, nudging the areas where I hit a bit too hard. No need to fix her up completely, in fact - the hint of blood and bruising from a few of my cleaner hits definitely takes away from the near-permanent aura of arrogance she exudes. An improvement, in my mind. Maybe I was a bit rough? In my defence, she never stopped fighting or trying to kill me - she just wasn't very good at it. I take a moment to brush over the rest of her body, not opting to completely fix her broken hand and a cracked rib - but at least putting it well onto the path of recovery. No need to permanently cripple her, just take her out of the fight even after I leave. When I'm done, I shift my weight - she flinches, a noise escaping her throat that I'm positive she'd deny making until the grave.

I adopt a pouting expression. Ah, come on. I'm not that bad. It's just a little baby fight. Neither of us died, or even got crippled permanently. I think the problem here is that she is well aware that most of her attacks could have killed me, and knows that me returning the favour would have gone very, very badly for her. And still could.

But I can't have my future lover thinking that badly of me, can I? Better remind her that I'm a hero. I smile merrily. "Looks like I win again." I tilt my head. Can't really pretend to let her go now, can I? "Guess you're under arrest. Kind of a shame, actually."

She swallows audibly, a cooler expression appearing on her face as she tries to take some semblance of control back. She takes a moment to gather her breath, wincing as I pull her up. "What does that even mean?" She fires back with impressive heat for someone who seemed to be begging for mercy just a few seconds ago. "And I'm not under arrest, I could still kill everyone here - remember? My bomb? Don't think I'll just go quietly - if you don't do exactly as I say-"

I shrug, then ignore everything after her initial question. "I mean, it's probably better for the city if you got away today. The Protectorate doesn't do much to keep the Empire in line, so having a real gang oppose them is actually a good thing in my books. So, I didn't even really want to take you in - I just... couldn't hold back enough for me to believably lose." I give her a mournful shake of the head. "Maybe I got carried away making a point at the end?"

She twitches, and I suppress a smirk. That must have hit home. "Shut the fuck up. Shut up. Just-" Predictably, she doesn't take that well. "You're just saying that because you're a ridiculous Armsmaster fanboy and you're mad that I easily defeated him and could have done exactly the same to you if not for blind luck and some resource issues." She sounds mad. "You really expect me to believe you didn't even want to win? The crowning achievement of a dismal, pathetic career as a wannabe vigilante, and now you're trying to be play at pretending you're above it. You really think I'll just sit here, and allow an insult like this? Allow my work to passed over like common trash by people who don't know what the hell they're talking about?"

"No, I'm serious. This is a bit unfortunate for everyone, if you ask me." I shake my head. "Here I was thinking that a resurgent ABB might push the Empire back into their side of the city, but at this rate - Lung really might just have to find a new home." I pause. She looks a little madder than I thought. Did I say something?

"I warned you." She echoes, voice shaking with rage. "I won't tolerate disrespect. You really thought I was bluffing? You want to play games with me? This is on your head, hero." I raise Glory Girl's forcefield. "I'll blow you straight to hell!" Her eyes squeeze shut and she seems to flinch at nothing in particular.

Nothing happens. I stare at her as her expression shifts, all of the fight seeming to drain out of her at once as she half-collapses back onto the floor breathing heavily.

Not sure how I should take that.

Drama queen, another bluff or a failed suicide attack? I'm not sure I can rule any of them out for sure. I clear my throat. Girls get the benefit of the doubt, I don't make the rules. "Guess you're really into this roleplaying thing, huh. It's okay, a lot of Capes get some weird tendencies along with their powers. I think you'll calm a lot of people down when they realise it's just words and you can't help yourself." And if she was serious... this would probably annoy her the most. She seems to have a bit of a complex about her status and image, her reputation as a serious threat - so I'd just have to settle for being obnoxious to make up for the fact that I wasn't clearing her challenges at the rate I'd hoped.

"I-" She looks confused. A little lost. "No. That's not true. I'm a serious villain. I'm a killer, with absolutely no remorse-" She rallies. "Your Ward bitch down there should be a smoking corpse right now."

"Lucky for you that isn't the case, right?" She blinks at me. "I mean, I like to be friendly - even with villains. But don't get me wrong - I'd definitely have just killed you if you'd done anything like that. It's not all about power and reputation. I'm a hero. I love heroes. They're better people than me, I think. Someone who goes too far against them - even if it sets me back a little, I think beating them to death with my bare hands is the least I could do to avenge them. Make it slow. Send the right kind of message to the next ambitious villain to show up." I smile serenely at her pale face. "Good thing you were just bluffing, right?"

"...right." She agrees slowly, attempting to pry her arm loose from my vicegrip. I don't allow her even an inch of leeway. "That is a good thing. That-that I've changed my ways since joining the ABB." It's funny, the unsubtle threat from me seems to affect her much more than the idea of being annihilated by her own bombs. A quirk of her power's psychology? An extension of narcissism, thinking that it's fine if she's the one taking herself out? I don't know. It's just enjoyable to watch her alternate between squirming in fear and attempting to be intimidating. I can see her being kind of fun once I finally get her challenges going, but this first one... it was tough.

"Ah, come off it. Nobody died at Cornell. None of the hostages died here. All of the responding heroes, including me, are just fine. I see the pattern. You're a softie at heart." I pat her on the shoulder with a warm smile. I wasn't entirely joking. It was proof that you couldn't rely on my challenges for everything. Yes, she blew people up at will there - but, everyone was a cold-blooded murderer in my challenges. Came with the territory. This was a clear case of actions over words, and the only thing she's really done is try to kill me. And, to be honest, that doesn't even register as a bad thing anymore. I don't know if I'm even capable of registering attempted murder against me as a negative mark of character these days.

Kind of turns me on, actually. I know that's weird. Probably some wires in my brain getting crossed at certain correlations. Pattern recognition. Logically, I know - a cute woman trying to murder me doesn't always mean that same woman is going to be sucking me off before long. But... I can't deny that there's a connection there. Can't control the lizard brain, or something like that.

Bakuda seems flummoxed at my logic, her mouth opening and closing wordlessly for a few seconds - trying to think of an argument and completely failing. She remains stunned as I direct her downwards, slowly making our way along the safest-looking path downwards - a mix of a damaged staircase into some kind of staff-only stairwell that had escaped the mass of exploding drones, grenades and rockets.

"You know-" I cut myself off as I guide her downstairs, a distant rumbling earning my attention. A roar that wasn't quite that far away at all.

Bakuda latches onto the sound like a lifeline, surety entering her expression like an addict finally getting her high. "That's right. Now you're fucked." She tells me smugly. "Tell you what. If you let me go now, prostrate yourself properly at my feet and beg for my forgiveness for your arrogance - I might ask Lung to let you live with just a few scars to show for it. Not a bad deal, if I say so myself."

This woman is kind of unstoppable. Nothing seems to keep her down, I'd feel like hiding under the covers and refusing to log into PHO for at least a week after taking as much of a beatdown to the ego as she has - but one single thing goes her way? She's right back on top, like she's never taken a loss in her entire life.

Somehow, the fact that I haven't taken down her challenge yet is only making the anticipation of breaking that attitude better. It's a little grating in some ways, but I think there could be a certain enjoyment to be found in building up all of my issues with this girl over days and weeks - and satisfying them all at once at the moment of 'my kind' of victory. That's no reason to hold back on my challenges... but it does keep me free and easygoing in my attitude towards her. Every statement of superiority, every insult, every trick, every threat, every minor inconvenience... I'm keeping count. I'll get even, I have no doubts about that.

Naturally, I can't say any of my true feelings to someone who I've yet to make any real progress on. I'll just stick with needling her ego. "Somehow, I just can't see Lung being the type of person to listen to you." I comment, hurrying her down the stairs.

"Well, he is. He knows his place. He's the brute, the figurehead of the operation - and, naturally, I'm the brains. The mastermind behind it all. The one that's really in charge." Bakuda nods to herself.

"Does he know that?" I probe.

She half-turns towards me before I nudge her to keep walking. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"If I ask Lung if he answers to you these days, would he agree?" I propose innocently.

"It's not an official arrangement. It's just- just the reality of things. Implicitly understood." She shifts uncomfortably, straining against my hold for a moment. "Realpolitik."

"That's not what that means."

She attempts to stamp on my foot, before stopping herself - likely by reminding herself how poorly the fight went for her before. "What I'm saying is that when there's an idiot in the room that needs punching, and an intellectual puzzle that needs handling - the brains and the brawn divide the tasks appropriately. If the brawn is stupid enough to try the puzzle, the brain is there to redirect them to something better suited to their level of intellect. Maybe the brawn doesn't recognise it as a hierarchy, and perhaps it isn't something that ever needs acknowledging - but the brawn obeys all the same."

I nod slowly. "To me, that kind of sounds like you're saying that you're in charge. I'll ask Lung, just to make sure I can update PHO with the new ABB dynamics later on."

"Why would you need to do that? I don't know why you would do that." She challenges. "In fact, don't do that. Talk about anything except that."

I fight a smile. "Any particular reason?"

"Just-just shut up. And get back to the original point. Let me go, and start begging, and I might just grant you leniency. And no more talking about hierarchies in the ABB. Or about anything to do with asking questions to Lung, for that matter." She snaps. "You don't need to ask or understand why - as I said earlier. When the brain - me - speaks, the stupid, suicidal brawn - you - should just listen and obey."

"Like me and Lung." I supply helpfully.

She half-turns to stare at me balefully. "If I die, you die. And everyone in a three-block radius dies with you."

"I'm getting the impression that you and Lung aren't actually on the best of terms." I purse my lips.

"Obviously. As if I'd choose to team up with my lessers of my own volition. He happened to find me during a- a period where I didn't have sufficient resources to adequately deter intruders, and convinced me to... temporarily relocate." She explains. "We're not friends."

"He bulldozed through whatever workshop you had and recruited you at gunpoint." I translate. "You know, if you're looking for a way out - I could find a place for you away from both him and the PRT." I could bankroll a Tinker in my basement by charging a few rich people for healing. Or, I could even just pass her off to the Merchants to join Squealer - elongating the 'interview' process under another guise would probably bring both the Merchant Capes fully under my sway anyway.

She looks offended at the suggestion. "What? No! I don't need help from you, or anyone. In fact, I could have handled it there and then if I really wanted to - if I brought even a fraction of my talent to bear against him-" She cuts herself off without even looking at me. "It was a perfect opportunity for me. I now have a gang of appropriately loyal sycophants showing the correct level of respect to me, and there's only one person in the way of me taking complete control. This was always part of the plan eventually."

"Right." I slowly agree, letting the doubt seep into my tone.

Bakuda reluctantly allows me to take her down the rest of the stairs. Gallant and Vista are waiting at the bottom, both nervously eyeing my prisoner.

"What's up?" I call out.

Vista straightens, as if trying to stand a little taller. "The building is evacuated. A few people who didn't want to take a chance on running were hiding, but we're pretty sure we got them all-"

"A few too many explosions in the area to convince them easily." Gallant adds, looking at me. Why? Bakuda is right there! This guy's got something against me, I swear. Never feeling bad about cucking him ever again. Every bad NTR trope I've ever read, I'm putting it into practice just for him once I get my hands on Victoria. Just to prove the point, for all of the... not very long that I have until I clear out Gallant's challenge list too and all of my vengeance plans go up in smoke because both of them want me and are happy to share. Actually, things wouldn't have to stop there. I could see the appeal of Victoria begging for my cock, and her loyal girlfriend watching with no small amount of jealousy that she simply lacked the equipment to truly satisfy her lover's needs.

...aaand Gallant is still staring at me. Fuck off, dude. Ruining my daydreams. I'll get around to you when I feel like it.

Vista shoots an annoyed glance at Gallant for interrupting. "-but more importantly, we're stuck here for the moment. We found the bomb and the device that was used to turn the stage into a trap-"

Bakuda interrupts. "-And then realised that the very first thing I would do is ensure that they can't be disarmed safely without me?" Bakuda pulls herself up to her full height. Which wasn't actually that high. "I suppose, given the circumstances, I could be persuaded to make some adjustments - starting with getting this brute off of me, and ending with you serving as my new hostages instead now that you've so rudely scared off the guests-"

Vista looks at me. "You couldn't punch her a little harder?" Gallant coughs, and Vista shakes her head. "I mean, right. Uh. So, obviously - Kid Win seemed to have a pretty good handle on it. Not a simple fix, as she said. We're not sure if the bomb had a timer or what could set it off, he was working on it at the start to understand the mechanism and how to disarm it - but then the lights started to change just a minute or two ago, and Kid Win was pretty sure it was about to explode-" I send a suspicious glance to Bakuda who was deliberately looking in the other direction. "-so Clockblocker froze it - but now he can't move because he has to keep it frozen full-time or it will explode on us. Kid Win moved on to the trapped heroes, he thinks it's like the effect is being projected onto that area - and reckons he can swap out the current effect on stage with a different one of the same type, so Velocity has been in and out giving him different samples to work with from the goons outside to find something safe." She concludes her report with aplomb, flashing me a grin. "That's all, fearless leader!"

"He's not our leader." Gallant mutters.

"Nobody asked you, Gallant." She glares at him. "You went up there as a pair, then you ditched him and let him fight alone. You barely did a thing. What if something happened?" She turns to me, feet shuffling slightly. "Next time, you and I should work together. We'd have handled Bakuda way faster as a team, we'd make a pretty good pair-"

"Moving on-" Gallant interrupts. "Bakuda. As you've heard, your scheme here has been foiled. Cooperate with disarming the bombs and traps you created, and I'm certain that any punishment would be reduced appropriately-"

Bakuda doesn't seem to be listening. In fact, she's been muttering ever since Vista's report on what Kid Win had been trying. "That's absurd-" Bakuda pauses. "Well. It is my tech at the end of the day, it does make a certain amount of sense that the only thing capable of handling my work, is my own work. I suppose even an inferior Tinker could work that out-"

"Do we really need the running commentary from her?" The pint-sized heroine asks, fishing out a pair of handcuffs and reaching out to remove the gauntlet to make room on her wrist.

"Leave it on." I tell her. "If you bust the gauntlet or take it off, her bombs start going off on their own." Bakuda shoots a sharp look of surprise at me. Maybe some appreciation mixed in there too? Not sure why, maybe she hadn't realised that I had some level of knowledge on what her tech did - even if at just the level of the rookiest of rookie Tinkers? "Same reason I didn't knock her out. Don't know how many she has, but she's playing along so far - no reason for us to take the decision out of her hands and escalate via some automatic countdown she only put in because she was scared of getting her head blasted off the moment she showed her face."

"Scared? Ridiculous." The woman in question sniffs dismissively. But doesn't elaborate. Probably unable to refute that information dump from me, or it hit a little too close to home? Or, going by her previous threats - now that Clockblocker was taking her last resort out of the equation and it was looking likely that Armsmaster would be free soon, maybe she wasn't feeling so talkative now that she couldn't bring up her previous threats and successes?

I look around. "More importantly, Lung isn't here?"

"He's outside. Right outside. Just across the street." Gallant murmurs quietly, standing close to the nearest window and glancing outwards. "He doesn't seem bothered about coming in here specifically, and the police and heroes are backing off to try and get him to shrink down to something more manageable. He's confident enough to just wait there, even knowing what the heroes are doing."

"All those bombs Bakuda placed at the entrances are helping us now. He doesn't have any reason to want to be here, it's not like he can see through the walls." I conclude. "If we assume his original appearance and the hostage situation here was purely for the sake of making a scene and drawing heroes away from their patrols - there's nothing to gain from actually entering the building, especially if he doesn't realise Bakuda here had gone walkabouts to watch things personally."

"We're still missing something here- Hang on." Gallant sprints up to the stage as the air seems to warp, the sphere of slightly-distorted air on stage appears to shrink leaving a trail of ice behind. The effect passes over Browbeat, and she slips to the newly-iced-over floor - a flail of panic and confusion leaving dents in the floor before Gallant speaks to her in a calming voice to explain the situation.

She was probably nice enough, but she didn't change anything here. I'd guess that her power wouldn't contribute much against Lung, purely judging my version's lack of resistance against non-physical effects. We'd need Armsmaster before I opted into any confrontation on that level.

The pair come back down to us, and I hand off Bakuda to them. "I'm going to take a look outside." My main interest here was powers, if Lung wasn't going to come in here to force a drawn-out exchange with Bakuda where I could challenge him over and over - then I wasn't interested in waiting around. I just needed a glimpse to potentially get one of the strongest powers in the Bay.

Vista half-jogs after me. "Hey, I was meaning to say - thanks for keeping Bakuda busy earlier. It took a while for us to get everyone else out. I mean, I could have done it faster, but people kept rushing the walls or trying to find their own way to escape and-"

"-and your power doesn't like it when people are around." I nod.

"Right! I guess you'd know, on account of, uh, having my power." She trails off awkwardly. "But, obviously, pretty much everyone is gone now so I've got some real flexibility again." The smile falls from her face as she gains a distant look, hand half-raised to her ear. "Wha- shut up! He does not! I did!"

I raise an eyebrow at her irate expression and her balled fists as she turns back from whatever discussion she was having. "Shadow Stalker?"

"Bitch." She stiffens. "Uh, I mean-"

"No, that sounds accurate to me." I nod wisely.

For a moment, Vista looks like she wants to weakly defend her teammate, then relaxes into a giggle. "She really is!" A half-hearted hand to her ear again, but nothing she responds to this time. She bites her lip, squirming from one side to the other as if pondering if she even wants to say anything else. "You know, if you've got a plan for what we should do next, I can be useful - not just as a, you know, bystander like earlier."

I send her a confused look. "You weren't a bystander last time. Someone had to get the hostages out, you were the only one that could do it. And you did it perfectly. Just as well too, Bakuda made a real mess of the building." I'm not taking any blame for that. I flick my eyes back to the half-caved-in shell of the roof, a trio of gaping holes in the wall near where we were fighting, the collapsed balconies and the debris of wood, carved stone and glass scattered across the floor. "People were standing there just a few minutes ago, you did well. And, besides, I was using your power to embarrass Bakuda anyway - she couldn't really handle it at all, and I can't do all the things with it that you can. So you were kind of there in spirit."

"Really? You think it's useful?" She preens a little.

"The best power in the Wards." I nod.

Vista practically glows at that response. "You think so?" From the beaming, smug grin on her face - I just know Shadow Stalker is making her objections known right now. "I suppose you're the expert, right? If anyone would know, it would have to be you. We have to take your word for it."

"That's true. I am the only credible source." A shame Shadow Stalker wasn't here, but it was probably for the best. I doubted she was a good enough actor to really act like we've never met before when getting ribbed like this - and I wasn't the type to restrain myself for her sake.

"So, what do you think is going to happen next?" Vista prompts as I do my best to peer out the window, a small opening visible despite the reddish-white crystals that Bakuda's bombs had left behind to block the potential exit. As I look, the hole widens until it matches the length of the original window.

"Thanks." I murmur to the Ward. "And, that depends on what happened with Oni Lee. If the Empire was the one that hit the site he was at, he's dead and Lung is going to go ballistic. If it was ABB then he should be free, and I feel like we would know by now. The thing is, Bakuda mentioned some kind of exchange happening here, so if a third-party freed him and intends to drop him off here then we should be seeing them soon - which would explain why Lung is content just hanging around outside playing with Triumph and anyone else trying to keep him busy." At least, I'm pretty sure that was what was happening from the noises and shockwaves I was hearing earlier.

"Exchange what? If Lung had an Empire Cape as a hostage..." She scrunches her face up in thought.

I zero in on a burst of flames entering my vision - silently cursing at the challenge box not quite appearing. "The Empire would happily trade three of their Capes if it meant Oni Lee died, so I can't imagine they're involved. I'd guess it's Faultline's Crew. It's right up their alley - but if they've been hired, why not deliver straight into the heart of ABB territory? They didn't need to draw and maintain this kind of attention from the heroes in a contested area like this."

Was it just a misjudgement? Underestimating the heroes response? Lung wasn't exactly a Thinker, Bakuda seemed to have an overinflated opinion of herself too - I couldn't entirely put it past them. The dynamics of the ABB's plan completely shifted with the capture of their Tinker. If she was still hidden in an unknown location, directing her bombing runs - things would be completely different right now. The ABB would be on track to lose nothing but a few gangbangers that would swiftly be freed by their Capes. Most likely, with the hostage crisis over - the heroes would have pulled back entirely to focus on the Empire's breakout right now.

A satisfactory arrangement for everyone. Embarrassing for the PRT, but considering how this situation started with an Empire jailbreak and Armsmaster getting removed from play on turn one - that was already a given.

"Maybe they just didn't trust the ABB? He doesn't have the best reputation." The blonde hums. "If you drop them off in the middle of his home, with no heroes around - who's to say you ever leave, or anyone even finds out what happened to you? But if he pulls something here, everyone will see it - and maybe not even Lung wants to make more enemies than he already has."

"Mm." I could see the argument. It was just... messy.

There he is. Lung flames into view across the street, a stream of fire cutting off one angle of approach as he circles an ABB convoy. Just as Gallant said, content to stick around. There's no sign of New Wave or Dauntless, nor of Triumph and Velocity. They'd clearly backed off after their earlier defeats, knowing that Lung would shrink down to something less manageable over time - and that was clearly true. I'd seen the near-firestorm in the distance earlier, when Dauntless and New Wave were supposed to be clashing with him. Now? He was still an imposing figure, still wreathed in flames and still making a mockery of the frantically retreating police forces that were still in the area - but the destructive potential on display was closer to the standard output of a dangerous Cape rather than a threat that would deal catastrophic damage to the city as the merest, unintentional collateral for fighting within it.

And also absolutely unscathed after fighting a significant portion of the City's heroes for the best part of at least an hour. That was Lung for you. If you couldn't beat him outright, he'd outlast you and make it look like he hadn't even needed to try by the end of it.

I watch as ABB figures gather close to him, shouting something unintelligible at him. He seems to settle in some more. A little smaller than before, but... clearly not shrinking to his base-self. How long could he maintain that size without someone seriously attacking him? His transformation wasn't fully triggered by combat, because he could at least do some level of it himself. Was this the lower limit of that, or was it just the knowledge that the fight wasn't truly done yet letting him stay in the zone?

My eyes flick away from him, to the people around him. It looked an awful lot like he was guarding the ABB, rather than the other way around. Keeping Bakuda's earlier words in mind - an exchange - what, or perhaps who, was in that van at the centre of the formation? If Lung wanted to keep up either his personal strength, or simply make more of a scene to draw heroes back - he could just start rampaging through the streets until the heroes were forced to fight again, even if only to draw him away from civilians. Yet, he was content to just stay here?

A part of me, a big part of me, thinks that I have enough powers that I could get myself inside that van to see for myself. I'm confident. Powers to distract, to get through walls, to shrink space, glide unnaturally, run as fast as a man could aim... but for all I knew, I'd get into that van and find that it was Circus's unpowered cousin or something and that was the leverage the ABB had with their mysterious third party playing jailbreak.

"This feels weird, seeing him right there. I've never actually been this close to him before. The PRT usually won't let us get anywhere near places he might show up." Vista rocks on her heels. "I mean, usually they don't want to let us near where anyone would show up - even something like this is rare enough."

"Doubt they would even have let you try this if they knew Bakuda was in the building." I nod. "One of the reasons I didn't really want to join up with you all officially, I get to do my own thing - without an entire department dedicated to keeping me miles from danger."

"Must be nice, having your own mini-team. Taking down whatever villains you like. I saw the report on what you did to the Merchants, sent them scurrying back underground like it was nothing - it's a shame the Capes slipped away, but even making them run with their tails between their legs is impressive." Or the lack of one. Or... no, there was a better joke there somewhere. Not that it mattered, I doubted that anyone of the Merchants was going to be forthcoming with the truth of what happened to them that night. "Probably not happening here though." She concludes. "Unless you can turn into a dragon as well?" A curious, somewhat-hopeful question.

"Not yet." I respond drily.

But I'm working on it. I size up his challenge box.

Lung
ABB Villain 1/6
(CAGE)​

Fuck. The worst modifier for Lung. Anything that didn't let me ambush him with my strongest attacks was probably doomed.

Still. It made it simple. With no room to strategise or escape, and my odds of victory only growing slimmer with time - I'd just have to close the gap immediately and pray that I could beat him to death before it was too late. "Challenge."

I don't even wait for the world to finish materialising. There's no time. The outline of the man is the only target I need as he matches my approach with confident strides of his own, steam already rising from his skin and standing just a little bit taller already. My ash clone stirs to life between one step and the next, taking Parian's power and pulling a thread from my clothes. Something to clockblock and impale or bisect him on, but I'd have to do it at a distance or he'd just burn-

A wall of heat hits me. Like that. My clothes already feel hot against my skin. Didn't even get the chance to show up in clothes that wouldn't catch fire immediately, but it seems he doesn't get quite that level of control over fire right away. It shouldn't take long. Fifteen seconds, max - and I didn't have a single answer to being engulfed in fire other than, perhaps, having already won the fight.

But... it's fine. I've been burned to death before. The method of my death doesn't change a thing, Lung's Brute powers would kill me just as certainly if I failed to kill him in the opening moments - it would just take longer to exhaust my defensive options.

Browbeat's power reaches it's zenith as we meet in the centre of the room. I drive a fist into Lung's torso while he swipes at my head, hand already distorted with sharpened claws. Something breaks under my fist, but Lung doesn't flinch - his arm coming down to seize mine and- I pull it back in the shadow state before he can trap it. Didn't like that. Quick and decisive on his part, he knows his way around combat - not quite to the extent of me... but I'm desperate, and he isn't. I have to take risks, have to end the fight now.

I lunge after him. Shots to the head would be best, but he was already taller than me from the start - and every inch makes the dream of a lucky knockout blow just a little bit more distant. He wards me off, driving his own fist into my side - pausing as it bounces off my forcefield harmlessly. Smoke reaches my nostrils as my superheated outfit starts to give way, some parts melting into skin - others simply lighting ablaze in an instant.

It's fine. It's just pain. He's hurt too. Browbeat's power is a match for him right now. Just need to keep pushing harder, take a limb out - bring him down to a level where I can land a killing blow before he regenerates the damage, something that's already starting to become a problem.

I freeze momentarily as my ash clone dies. My other win condition, using some kind of guillotine-string if I could get him to run full-pelt into it, had just died with it. Not even to an attack. Not even to a shockwave. Just heat. I could understand it, everything hurts for me too. It's hard to even look at Lung because of how much my eyeballs hurt to keep open, not that closing them would help either. I've just never tested the ash clone for how well it handles heat, or 'passive' attacks like that in general.

Scales crack as I finally land another clean hit on his torso, then another - hoping to open up a hole and just rip his heart out to see if he could regenerate that. I already know it's hopeless. I landed a clean hit before these scales even appeared, and couldn't break through his skin then. I can't even see the damage from that attack now.

I'm grabbed, and this time - I don't bother trying to get out through the shadow state. I make an attempt to bend his arm backwards, my brute-enhanced strength fully-invested in getting any, small win. I get a creak for my efforts, the screeching whine of metal - but not the satisfying break I'd hoped for. He lifts me up one-handed, raising me to his glowing eyes and his face - no longer clearly recognisable as human by the metal scales covering him.

"Get it over with." I hiss. "I'll be back. I don't need much more to reach you."

I disappear into a storm of fire and fury that leaves nothing behind.

FAILURE​

"What do we do if he does come this way?" Vista frets, unaware of my struggles.

"Leave. Fast." I shake my head. "But he's got no reason to come in here. The ABB doesn't have a Thinker, or even a good strategist. It's all just Lung and what Lung wants to do - that helps us right now. Bakuda went off-script, showed up here without an escort and - admit it - she doesn't seem like the kind of person to ever think that she'd need an SOS beacon, right? She can't guide, control or speak through the drones without her tech. Sure, he probably knows we're in here - someone in the ABB would have said something about what happened with the hostages, but nobody in the ABB actually came inside. They saw the explosions from a distance, but it could have all been her drones."

"Because they all think this place is a deathtrap anyway, if they know Bakuda has her big bomb here. There's supposed to be heroes wasting their time in here trying to defuse something, and Lung can probably live through whatever Bakuda cooked up anyway even if it gets triggered - deliberately or not - so anyone actually trying to chase him away is going to have to contend with the fact that they're in the blast zone that could be blown up at any second. They think it's the perfect situation for them." She seems amused at something. "This feels sneaky, just keeping quiet and getting one over on the villains for once. Sure, it looks like they'll get Oni Lee back - but we're still up one at the end of the day, getting out with the Tinker right under their noses."

I turn towards her and try to smile at that, but it ends up as more of a grimace. Bakuda entering police custody would probably be the last I saw of her, depending on how much they pinned on her relative to Lung. The Birdcage wasn't out of the question, rebranding halfway across the country under constant supervision was the light option. Either way, a Tinker power that I'd be missing out on. I suppose it was better than the possibility of someone who didn't deserve it dying in an unnecessary fight between the ABB and the Wards, which wasn't exactly impossible to imagine - but I was still mildly annoyed that the ABB's fumbling was going to cost me in the long term. "Easy to say that, but we're not out yet. Clockblocker and Kid Win can't exactly move, and I'm pretty sure the police are just monitoring the situation at a distance now that the hostages are gone and Lung is here."

"True, but-" Vista looks past me and pauses. "-uh, huh?"

It takes me a few seconds to notice the source of her confusion. Not the sight of anything in particular, but rather - the opposite. The flames, the street lights and the slight illumination from the moon had been enough to catch a glimpse of Lung before. But now, the light had faded from almost the entire street in one direction.

My eyes widen. No, rather - the light had been covered by darkness instead. "Close the window!" I hiss. The viewing hole shrinks back to its original size.

"Was that... Fog? From the Empire?" Vista sounds perplexed. "I thought they went to Boston, they were in my brief when first joined the Wards - but they skipped town right afterwards. Why show up now?"

"That isn't Fog. He can't cover that much space, let alone block out light so perfectly. It's Grue." I let my voice carry to the others.

"Grue?" Vista echoes. "Who?"

"The Undersiders." Gallant supplies, pacing over - I note Aegis has joined us, newly freed from his position on stage. That's terrible news, not because Aegis isn't moderately useful as a meatshield - but because I'd really prefer Armsmaster to be free right now instead of him. "They were in our last brief. New thief group that made their first showing not too long ago - but not much was known about them and their crime of choice wasn't overly serious so we mostly skipped over them. I'm surprised to see them working with Lung so soon after they hit a casino under his protection. Would have thought they'd stay as far away as they could."

"Maybe they tried." I mutter darkly. "And failed. What do you say the odds are that they got caught, Lung took one for good behaviour - and said that they can have them back if they do one quick job?"

A beat of silence. A short, brief curse from Aegis.

"We can probably assume that they're the ones who broke Oni Lee out, but whoever they were working with doesn't really matter. If anything, this is better. We know that they'll run away the first chance they get. The Palanquin would be more professional about the job outcome." Gallant drums his fingers against his armour. "Lung will leave, the ABB will retreat - we hand off Bakuda to the cops and we get all the time in the world to handle the bomb. This is a good thing."

I stare at him. Idiot. Or, maybe he just doesn't know about the powers - I suppose I have an advantage there. "The Undersiders have a Thinker. A decently strong one. She's going to take one look at this place and realise exactly what happened here. How much do you think the information on the whereabouts of his pet Tinker could be sold to Lung for?"

"They're not friends. Lung isn't the type to forgive, and any Thinker worth their salt is going to realise that. She has no reason to help him." Aegis crosses his arms. "The opposite, in fact. They could laugh Lung missing us right under his nose all the way home."

"Is that what you think?" Bakuda interrupts for the first time in a while, looking on the verge of laughter. "All this time, you really thought you had it all under control? That is precious. But, now you know - I'm always one step ahead. Because those little thieves? Oh, Lung caught them all right. And yes, he did take the little fire-breathing bitch as a good-behaviour token. And he really thought that some petty criminals wouldn't just abandon their teammate - all that talk about honour and camaraderie. But, I'm not so gullible. I gave them all the motivation that they needed to do the job properly."

"Away from the window!" Gallant calls out. "They're coming this way!"

A thundering boom echoes outside. Triumph's power. The sound of crackling electricity and lasers reach us a moment later. Lung was fighting the heroes again. Or, rather, the heroes had a reason to fight Lung again.

A reason like, stopping him from running in here? The Wards slowly back away from the walls as one unit as darkness seeps through the doorway, some of Bakuda's blocking bombs seeming to sputter and die as energy fields and flames are seemingly devoured. One figure steps through first, emerging from the cloud and looking around with a steady gaze.

Tattletale. One of my most-wanted in all of the Bay. Not because of what I could use her power for, but what her power could do against me. Given the time and motivation, she was the only one in the Bay capable of exposing me. Her power wasn't perfect, I knew that from the bank challenge - she got things wrong, she made wrong conclusions and fed those back into her power to make even more wrong conclusions. But, eventually, she'd get me.

Unless her head got separated from her shoulders by the bulky bomb collar that was beeping and flashing around her neck.

Good news, she isn't interested in me today - I'm not the only one here, the focus of her power is going to be on keeping herself alive and - unlike the challenge - I'm not exactly going to be blatant about my intentions. But still, I've been waiting for a chance to find and challenge her - it's possibly one of my most important challenges, boosting her to a certain level of friendship where she doesn't care about my power or what it does to people - or her.

Tattletale
Undersiders 1/6
(EVNT) (REAL)​

"Challenge." Get it out of the way before the situation escalates. If it was tough, hopefully I'd get multiple chances.

REMAIN NEAR TARGET WITHOUT BEING IDENTIFIED
TARGET MUST NOT ENTER COMBAT
YOU HAVE THREE LIVES​

Huh. Never seen that before. That was very different. But, then again - I'd never faced a real Thinker before. I shouldn't be surprised that this wasn't going to be a raw combat challenge, there weren't many great ways to make 'person with gun' difficult for me at this stage. I spawn in a rooftop overlooking the Boardwalk, a clear line of sight to Tattletale walking past - not in full costume, actually she seemed a little ragged. Not that she was drawing any attention for it. Not terribly unusual, most NPC's didn't seem to think much of the challenge targets until they made a violent move.

I back away from the rooftop edge before a lucky glance in my direction ends the challenge. So. Stealth mission. Don't get spotted. Get into a certain range. And... what, win? The 'remain' seemed a critical word here, implying that I couldn't just get close in a single burst but that I needed to stay there without her realising for a period. What was the exact requirement, to outlast a timer? Fill up a progress bar? The strategy could change if I could just hang around near areas she was walking, get a certain way through the objective until she moved out of range - then do the same for the next safe spot. But if I needed to stay around her for minutes on end in a single period until winning? That would require something special if she was moving around. A disguise, certainly.

But, her power was going to jump on a strange disguise immediately. I grit my teeth. I didn't need this to be difficult. Two softball challenges, at least to get her to a level where she tolerates me and thinks she could use me - that's what I needed from my power. She could be harder than Eidolon after that, I don't care - but this position was dangerous for me, and I was already getting the feeling that I was in for a painful slog despite the lack of combat.

...I really, really wanted our first encounter to come from me spying on them from a nearby rooftop. Something like that. This was... suboptimal.

Fine. Let's nail down the specifics of the challenge first. The fact that my power had, with zero prompting, decided to give me three lives per challenge? To me, that practically screamed that this was going to be hard. But it would help me to experiment. I could be grateful for that much, at least.

First of all, I grant a nearby bug administrator status and settle it onto her clothes. Just to track her while I didn't have eyes on her. Then, I jump off the building in the opposite direction from her. Finding a suitable NPC to rob wasn't difficult. Hat. New clothes. Sunglasses. Simple. Not exactly reinventing myself, but I was only really looking to prevent her spotting me at a distance.

I take my time circling around to her position. She seems to be acting out the part of a tourist, or someone new to the city. Sightseeing and shopping, but not with the free and easy attitude of a regular civilian. She's too skittish, sometimes looking around with suspicious, wary glances - and at one point breaking out into a light jog to leave the area at the arrival of a patrolling security guard.

About fifteen paces away from her, I notice a flicker of movement in the objectives for the challenge. A progress bar. Barely even a sliver. As she swaps sides of the street, incidentally making more distance from me - I note the sliver vanishes, dropping me back to 0% again. I aim past her, and don't break my stride, looking to simply walk straight past her as if making a beeline for the nearby coffee shop. 1%. 3%. 9%. 19%. Her eyes flick over to me, then away - then slam back to me in alarm. The world flashes white, and I find myself on the rooftop again.

0%.

Informative. I think I have a pretty clear idea of how this works now. That was definitely increasing much, much faster when I was closest to her - and barely increasing at all at the far edges of the apparent 'scoring area' around her. When she got too far away, progress started to decrease instead. When spotted, instantaneous failure and a reset to 0. Need to reach 100% to win. So, either getting right on top of her for a few seconds without being noticed - or hanging around her general vicinity for a few minutes without drawing her attention.

That isn't easy. But that's why I get multiple attempts, I suppose. Lesson one... I think getting too close is a doomed effort, with the erratic way that she's moving, pretending to be a regular pedestrian that just happens to be sticking to her like glue won't work out. I should assume that any concentrated Thinker efforts directed at me were going to get through my disguise. I needed to be a regular guy, that stood up to the same cursory glance that she's giving hundreds of other people throughout the day.

New hat. Gloves. I try applying makeup for the best part of thirty minutes before I'm happy that I look a different shade to usual, a little less pasty. New outfit. Book as a prop.

I'm spotted before I even hit 5%.

Reset. I drum my fingers against the roof. No chance. The biggest issue is that I'm not sure what about me is getting flagged to her power. Is it the disguise itself? My body language? My movements? Something about my expression, or some particulars about my outfit? Presumably she already knew what 'Greg' looked like, was she pre-filtering for people with a certain height and build or did I just stand out that much to her power?

Another experiment then. Last try. Clearly, my effort to conceal my features last time didn't go so well. I was spotted at a distance, didn't even get the chance to get closer. The 'loudest' part of my presence was clearly nothing to do with my face or my hair, but my general silhouette and actions. Fine. I go on another robbery spree. Tall, platform shoes, made taller with a bit of DIY - just to gain a little bit of extra height in case it made a difference. Trenchcoat. Facemask. Sunglasses again. Newspaper.

A textbook detective from an old movie. Reading the newspaper on a bench near where she walked on her first route. Her position, attitude and general route seem to get reset with my failures too - so I don't need to be worried about this being a pseudo-CONT modifier as well, keeping her appraised on my recent tricks.

3%. I don't turn around as the progress bar begins to move, or even react - I just keep reading the front page of a paper that's several months old. Another challenge based in the past. 8%. 17% She walks right past me. 38%. 47%. 51%.

FAILURE​

I don't swear. That was good information. Because my disguise? It was pretty stupid. But what it did do, was limit the surface area her power had to work on. No facial movements to analyse, I wasn't even looking at her. No movement patterns to judge, I wasn't moving. No body language to react to, I was just reading. The tiny micromovements that could somehow be analysed to give away my true intentions? Masked and muffled by heavy, bulky clothing that barely gave anything to work with. Yes, it wasn't a good 'real' disguise - enough that I earned a second look from her eventually. And, yes, I would have to be able to move with her for a successful run to reach 100% - which would take away one of my listed 'advantages'. But the proof of concept was there.

Her power wasn't all-knowing.

And, conveniently enough, my costume was exactly that kind of bulky outfit that I'd just trialled. Heavy armour, lots of padding. Even the half-mask completely concealed my eyes, and if I slipped the full mask into place I would be even more safeguarded. I'd just have to avoid being too obvious with my body language.

Or rather, leave her the obvious conclusion to make - that I was ready for a fight. Feeling violent at the appearance of her gang. I didn't need to hide that. She was expecting it. She'd understand that, and hopefully, move on.

I didn't need to be afraid of her just because I hadn't won enough to give me another safety net. Even if she found out about me, it wouldn't be game-over then either. A war of public opinion between a villain and a hero, one in good standing with the PRT, one who could influence both her and any heroes or Thinkers or public personalities likely to have an opinion on the matter? I could handle that. And if I couldn't, I'd make a pretty cool villain anyway until it was time for the 'misunderstanding' to be cleared up.

Right. I had the cards here. Nothing to worry about, so I just need to act like the hero I'm trying to be. I step up next to the Wards as they adopt a fighting posture. The bank challenge, except they don't have Taylor - and I don't have Clockblocker or Kid Win because they're busy downstairs. I mentally replay Bakuda's earlier words. Fire-breathing bitch? Not a familiar one. Possibly a replacement Cape, but I could discount them for the sake of the argument.

The trade sucked. Yes, Taylor was oppressive in a fight, especially against a group like the Wards with little in the way of AOE attacks - but losing Clockblocker was terrible. Only Regent was capable of handling him out of this group, otherwise he countered everyone else in the Undersiders - including the dogs.

I run the maths. Two empowered dogs hidden in the darkness. Maybe a third, if we included the one usually held back from combat. Bitch. Grue. Regent. Tattletale - plus a possible mystery teammate, and the threat of Lung in the distance if the Protectorate had to back off again. Against Vista, Gallant, Aegis, Browbeat and me.

Could we handle one and a half Capes combatants each? Some of us, maybe. Vista could if she started with enough distance before too many people were nearby, messing up her powers with their Manton Limit. Aegis just gets used as a chewtoy for one dog, I've seen that fight a dozen times before - he doesn't die, but he's not enough of a Brute to overpower it either. Browbeat fares a little better, but I'd still say that she is most likely to just match one dog, equalising and removing them both from the equation. Gallant is worth maybe a third of a combatant on our side. Gallant, Vista and I against Tattletale, Regent, Grue, Bitch, Mystery fire-breather. And one dog.

...winnable. Though, if the third dog got involved as anything other than transport - it would be tough. My biggest advantage was the fact that Grue was useless if he didn't want to cripple his teammates - the fact that they, and the dogs, seemed so happy to remain inside his power was puzzling enough. They'd have to move if they intended to fight. But overall, these were low-tier Capes from a combat perspective. I would win comfortably if it came down to it.

But only by my metrics. By a life-or-death battle, with no other outcome allowed. I don't think they could kill me, but I could definitely kill them - it would take time, I'd need to retreat extensively against the combo of Grue's darkness and Regent - but I would win.

That wasn't going to happen here. They wanted Bakuda, and I didn't really have a way to stop them.

...nor did I particularly want to. As much as Tattletale exploding would make my life a bit easier, rookie, fairly-harmless wannabe villains in the Bay that are around my age weren't exactly at the top of my 'I'd be okay if you died' list. And their powers could be useful too, especially Grue and Tattletale. They just got over their heads a little with the ABB. I don't blame them for today, I'm sure they'd rather be anywhere else too. Tattletale looks tense, stressed in a familiar way to me - far from the overconfident Thinker I'd clashed with at the bank challenge.

I glance to the side. The Wards hadn't done the same maths as I yet. Probably because the dogs, and the rest of the Undersiders, had yet to emerge from Grue's darkness. The group was too much of an unknown for them to understand the matchup they were facing. The powers were too unknown, too many rumours and not enough hard stats and facts. I was, undoubtedly, the foremost expert in the Bay about the group - they just didn't have the well-documented appearances and fights for people to construct an accurate threat profile off of, or even a decent wiki page.

Bakuda continues, smiling viciously at the stone-faced Tattletale. "You see, they've got to make sure Lung is happy to get their friend - but they've got to come and keep me happy to keep their heads. Naturally, I gave them a tracker to reach me - and I won't be thinking about taking those collars off until I am free of these idiots and their restraints." She locks eyes with me. "Checkmate, I win."

Tattletale visibly bites down on her retort, instead, she turns towards Aegis. "Drop her, we don't want to fight. We'll leave as soon as we're done here."

The Wards at my side shift uncomfortably, reluctant to just hand over the prisoner - and not fully understanding the relative strength of the team that they were facing. Aegis raises his hands as if to calm everyone down. "Listen, we have experts who can disarm those - we don't need to-"

"Fucking save it." Tattletale snarls, jabbing a finger at her neck. "This isn't a negotiation. We walk away, she blows us up. Just step away, we'll be gone and you can fight the ABB yourselves. Be sensible."

Do I want to draw attention to myself? It probably wasn't smart. I raise a hand anyway. "Actually, I busted up her controller pretty badly - we have time-"

"You missed it, idiot."/"You missed it, moron." Both Tattletale and Bakuda speak at the same time, one with a voice dripping in scorn and one with glee. Tattletale continues. "She's been selecting our collars constantly for the last few minutes, if Grue's power didn't block external signals - we would have died before even making it halfway here." A pause as Tattletale glares at Bakuda. "Right. You didn't even mean to, you just lost track of what you were selecting and started selecting and firing everything because you were losing a fight. You don't even know what you're targeting without a visual aid and you were just looking to kill yourself and everyone around you rather than lose with grace-" Her collar hums with blue light, and she stops talking abruptly.

"Good girl." Bakuda tells her with feigned warmth. "Now, I'll stop sending encouragements to speed up - if the rest of you fools hurry up and dispose of these pests. Especially the stupid-looking one."

"Hey, what did Gallant do?" I object, feeling a moment of solidarity for my fellow man. Only I got to look down on him like that!

The two criminals look at me, along with Gallant and Aegis. Vista hesitates for a moment, before resolutely joining me in looking at Gallant.

"For the record." Tattletale continues, looking at me with no small amount of annoyance. "There's a backup control in her boots. She controls it with her feet. But, sure, might have been a good idea if you'd bothered to be thorough about disarming her. Too late for that though."

Well, that was unnecessarily harsh. Good information though, I'll bet that's reflected in a challenge at some point.

"This is a waste of time." The dark cloud behind Tattletale shimmers and parts as a muffled, distorted voice calls out. Something huge steps through into the room, the smog peeling back to reveal a snarling, canine visage. Then another, and another. That would be Bitch and her dogs, and the first real impression that the Wards have likely ever had about the raw size of her empowered canines. "Brutus! Judas! Hurt!"

Not much of a conversationalist. That tracks with what I know.

The two larger dogs surge forward, Aegis immediately responding to match the one on the left - Browbeat hesitating for a moment before squaring up to the one on the right, only for it to seem to sink into the floor - a shallow dip in the room magnified to a near-cliff face by Vista. Nice effort, but the dogs can climb walls - it won't take long to clamber its way out. I turn away, back to Tattletale, noting the slight outline of the remaining dog and the dark cloud in the background.

I still can't see Bitch, but that's because the source of the darkness is now far more clear - pulsing and flowing out from atop the back of the smallest dog, the one that hadn't been committed into melee range. At a guess, the rest of the 'team' was riding on top of that one or waiting just behind it.

Tattletale's gaze looks across the room, passing over me after just a momentary glance - before sharpening on Gallant. "Don't even think about it."

"Think about what?" Gallant challenges.

"Don't get cute against my powers, I'm psychic." Oh, she tried that line in a few variants of the bank challenge too. It didn't work then, and I don't think Gallant believes her now either. "Dropping that containment foam grenade on Bakuda? You're right, we couldn't do anything to remove it - but we outnumber and outman you even without the ABB. We'd just end up taking all of you hostages and drag this out into a bigger crisis than it has to be. We want to leave. You want us to leave. For that to happen, we need Bakuda."

"It doesn't have to be like that, if you work with us-" Gallant tries, only to be interrupted again.

"It does. There's nothing you can do here. And even if we could do that, Bakuda isn't the type to just watch us flip sides - she was willing to try and detonate every single bomb connected to her remote, including the one that Ki- Clockblocker is handling downstairs, just because she lost a fight to him. Who, by the way-" I tense as her smile turn feral as she jabs the pistol towards me, looking as if she wanted to say something else before her words seem to die on her tongue - stumbling into an oddly hasty transition as she turns back to Gallant. "W- we can't hide under Grue's cover indefinitely, we need to come out and reconnect every few minutes. We're running under a literal timer. Stop thinking about a perfect victory, and realise nobody needs your brand of heroism right now. The choice is, throw that grenade, watch us all die in front of you as Bakuda acts like a sore loser, then Lung kills you all to get to Bakuda anyway - or, option two, we get what we want, we leave. Lung also leaves because he has what he wants, and you all get to go home in the knowledge that you didn't fuck everything up by escalating in a way that nobody wanted."

Gallant hesitates, casting a glance at his allies as Aegis is mauled by one dog and Browbeat wrestles with the snapping jaws of the next. Finally, he removes one hand from his belt. "Don't expect-"

"That won't help either, you're just doing it for your own ego at that point." She interrupts again, then taps her head again. "Psychic, remember? Just sit down, out of the way - and we'll be gone before you can even-"

"I think not." Bakuda cuts in. "I was quite clear about the terms of your employment, was I not? I expect full effort out of you, otherwise..." The collar on Tattletale's neck pulses blue in warning. "...boom. And don't think hiding under cover will save you know that I know what you're doing, blocking a single signal is one thing - but my devices know what to do when losing contact for too long, you'll have to reconnect at some point - and I'll have that signal firing full-time if I'm dissatisfied with your choices."

"Just give it up, Tats." I immediately identify the one dropping down from the dog as Regent. I click my tongue in annoyance at the fact that I could clearly see him peeking out of the cloud, but the challenge box still didn't display. Did he need to be fully separated from Grue's power to become targetable? That's annoying, I'd love to get a Master power added to my collection. "Nobody likes a know-it-all telling them what's best for them. Let's just slug it out for a bit, and everyone can pretend that they gave worse than they got at the end of the day rather than just stood aside and let the villains take everything. You go and negotiate our freedom. For all her words, she needs us right now - it's a good time to find a compromise."

Tattletale doesn't retort. Huh. Guess she really is tired. "Just, don't risk-" She cuts herself off deliberately, the meaning obvious between the two of them.

"We know." He waves her off with a lazy hand gesture. "Spitfire, Grue - are you with me?" The response to his question is too muffled by Grue's power to be heard by me, but two more figures slip down from Angelica regardless. My eyes sharpen on the unfamiliar Cape. Not part of the bank challenge, presumably the 'fire-breathing-bitch' mentioned previously? That sounded like a fun power. "I know the others, any advice for dark, edgy and mysterious over there?"

Tattletale glances at me for a moment, looking oddly hesitant. Just what was her power saying about me, I wonder? "Void Cowboy. Power copier. You won't beat him, but he doesn't want to beat you either - he's motivated to let us get out of here alive so he can copy us later." I shrug at the not-accusation. She smirks tightly as she clambers back onto Angelica to settle next to Bitch, who is now also fully visible now that Grue wasn't next to her to conceal the riders. "He'll only get serious if it looks like someone's about to die and he's going to lose another person to leech off of, which means he has no choice but to cover our backs and fight Lung the moment he beats the heroes outside. Ignore him if you want. Bitch, let's go - straight through."

Nobody is willing to stand in the way of the charging dog, especially not with the three dropped-off Capes coming to intercept us. Bakuda is stolen away in a single driveby, but they don't go far - just splitting away from the ongoing battles to avoid collateral damage. As we scatter to either side, I let out a small sigh of relief. Got through one encounter with Tattletale. As I suspected, she's got bigger things to focus her power on right now than my deepest darkest secrets. She doesn't need to dig deep for an advantage over me, if she knows I'm not even interested in stopping her. Hopefully, by the time she's got the focus to spare - I'll have won a few challenges and she won't care anymore.

Should I have challenged Bitch? No, probably not. Browbeat was overpowering Judas in raw strength, but was far less agile and couldn't convert her advantage into anything meaningful - I'd have to do the same, with a weaker power, likely against three times the dogs. Unless I could ambush her directly without facing the dogs in a fair fight, I didn't see victory as likely. A little too much Brute for me to power through, and, to be blunt - I didn't care about her power either. If my briefing from Tattletale at the bank challenge was to be believed - her power didn't control dogs, it provided understanding and enhanced them. My power wasn't going to give me a free puppy in my challenges, and I wasn't really looking to recruit one to the 'team' right now either. The training I'd need to do... no. Not happening. It's just not a power I need right now.

On the other hand, everyone else on the Undersiders? Now that was a different story. I wanted them all. Especially with how one-dimensional most of their powers were, I don't see a world where I get scammed like I was for Miss Militia's power - I was certain to get a real, usable variant for some very useful-looking powersets.

I take stock of the situation. Aegis off to the side... that fight is going exactly as I knew it would. I've seen the matchup too many times, Aegis doesn't respect the mobility of the dogs - they catch him out of the air and he isn't enough of a Brute to get free from the jaws. Except, he is way more than enough of a Brute to handle being used as a full-time chewtoy - keeping Brutus distracted for everyone else. I expected it, it's fine. Browbeat was doing acceptably too, although she sounds rather agitated by the state Aegis is in if I'm hearing her right from over here - probably not used to seeing just how much of a beating he can really take. It's not a pretty sight, but you get used to it after the first few times.

Closer to me, both Regent and Grue are hiding in the latter's darkness, while 'Spitfire' splits off and immediately showcases why they called themselves that by spraying the ground closest to us in liquid that immediately ignites across the floor, racing dangerously close to us before Vista steps around me - folding part of the floor over the affected areas to completely bury the flames in place. Spitfire repeats the move more aggressively this time, only for the attack to seem to curve in the air and splash harmlessly to the side.

Harmlessly? I take a moment to consider the scorching heat even at this distance. Maybe not. If that doesn't go out soon... well. At least nobody will be able to blame me for the majority of the damage to the building anymore, on account of the entire building burning down around us. The floor was cracking already, and I could see a fire spreading pretty quickly if it came to it.

Well, it's not my building. Not much I could do about it anyway.

"For what it's worth-" I call out to the approaching darkness and any Wards that were listening. "-this is why I didn't want my power to be public knowledge at first. Everyone starts thinking that all of my motivations are about powers! That isn't true at all. What, I'm not allowed to try and be generically heroic anymore? The basic stance of not wanting relatively harmless people to die, is now a nefarious goal of wanting to steal their powers down the line. It's outrageous, there's far more to my character sheet than that! If I was a flying brick, I'd still be here - I'm doing this for the love of the game."

"Surprisingly, I actually believe you on that much." Gallant responds.

"Maybe you're not so bad, Gallant." I concede. I watch as the hero in question fires off beams into the darkness. "I was too harsh. You're still not very useful, but that heart of yours is in the right place."

"You could help, instead of criticising." He points out.

I'm not getting in that cloud. I know what Regent's power is, and I'm not interested in letting him get a touch in. I can't trust that he won't keep hold of me if I give him that chance. "This one's all you, you've got your power armour on - neither of them are Brutes, only one of them can see in there. You've got this. Oh, but your lasers won't work - Grue's power just shuts down things like that. Fisticuffs only. I hate to prove Tattletale right, but I actually agree that this fight is pretty pointless for us and the best outcome is everyone getting out unscathed - so I'm just going to make sure Aegis and Browbeat don't get eaten while Bitch is looking the other way, things like that. Have fun!"

"Bitch?" He looks at me strangely. "What's Tattletale got to do with it?"

"Uh, Hellhound." I wave him off. "You know what, it's too much trouble to explain. Just- just go in swinging until you hit something." I shove him forward despite his protests. "As for me-" I surge to the side, the air twisting in front of me as Vista realises my intent - curving my path directly around the back of Spitfire. My approach is foiled by the girl abruptly blasting a semi-circle of flames around her to avoid being flanked. "-this one is mine!" I finish, conceding the defeat of my opening surprise attack.

I just wanted to get a real understanding of her power before I started challenging her, rather than finding out some unpleasant secondary ability too late. I was on a clock here, had to remember that.

I weave away from the spreading flames, moments later - I realise she's doing the same. "Not immune to heat?" I throw out the guess blindly. They don't respond, glaring directly at me instead. Or, probably glaring. I don't like this gas mask trend I've been seeing today, they just aren't very expressive at all. They just leave me guessing all the time.

And speaking of leaving me guessing... "Got a question for you. It's going to decide how hard I hit you, so I want an answer." I crack my knuckles together. "Are you a boy, or a girl?" Both Vista and Spitfire stare at me blankly. I raise my hands into the air. "I mean, I looked in the obvious places and I couldn't really tell-" Spitfire flinches, and their arms move as if to cover themselves. Vista glowers at me. "In my defence, all I heard you described as is 'fire-breathing-bitch'. In my view, 'bitch' is a bit like 'guys' - a valid gender-neutral term. Maybe more likely to be one side than the other, but you can definitely call a guy a bitch if you want-"

"I'm a girl." The heavily-masked voice replies. "Please go easy on me."

"Of course! I'm a gentleman!" I agree cheerily.

"She's still a villain, and one that's burning a priceless building down around us at that!" Vista protests.

"Girls can't have hobbies now?" I counter.

"I don't really want to!" She insists. "But, if I don't-"

"I get it. I empathise, I really do." I nod wisely. "You need to put on a show, or maybe Bakuda sees you being useless and blows you up to prove that she's serious - I don't blame you for that. And, you clearly aren't aiming at us with any of your, uh, spit? You seem like a nice person, in a tough situation."

Spitfire nods. "That's right! This wasn't what I wanted, I signed up for- well-"

"Robbing people, and never seeing any of the consequences?" Vista edges a word in.

"No! I mean, Tattletale said we could turn down jobs - so, harmless ones would be fine, maybe-" She cuts off her own sentence before she can incriminate herself more.

"Better spit some more flames." I encourage. "Make it look good." She hastens to obey. I clear my throat as I make a show out of chasing her, Vista shaking her head at the scene and redirecting her attention to Browbeat - trying to pin the opposing canine in place by shifting the ground around them. "It's fine. I'm a hero, but I can at least appreciate that you signed up with petty criminals instead of the Empire or the ABB." I pause. How far could I trust the 'future' vision of that bank challenge? She wasn't part of the team then, so did that mean that she had left already? I could see an experience like this scaring off someone who didn't seem all that committed to the casual criminal lifestyle, and that presented a potential opportunity. "If you feel like you aren't cut out for this life, you could always swap sides. My team is recruiting right now. I can pay the bills for you, we'll meet up every now and then - but I won't even force you to patrol if you don't want to."

"You can't partner up with random villains!" Vista objects. "You- you need a heroic partner. Y-your team is new! And small! What you need is someone with a power that you really respect, with years of experience as a hero and- shut up, Shadow Stalker!"

Sorry Vista, there's no way I'll get away with poaching a Ward for real - but I'll be back for you and the rest of your team eventually, don't you worry!

"Think about it." I don't let Vista's protest sway me. Jealousy won't get you anywhere, you'll all just have to share me. "You can find me on PHO."

"I'll... keep it in mind." The doubt in her tone tells me that it's not the obvious choice for her, but hopefully a boost or two will be enough to bring her on side. Making my team bigger can't be a bad thing. I'll take a non-refusal for now.

"Now, as my future teammate-" Two girls simultaneously make a squawking noise of objection to that. "-we need to act as heroically as we can, despite the situation. Minimising the damage we do, not hurting each other seriously - just so that no mistakes happen, do you mind telling me about your power? Any other abilities, weaknesses, strengths, alternate uses?"

"Um, I can spew geysers of this liquid from my mouth - it starts to ignite when exposed to air. It lasts a pretty long time, it's super hot, it would definitely kill someone if I hit them so I really try not to." She clears her throat, sending a glance over in the direction of Bakuda before sending out some more half-hearted strings of liquid in our direction. "Um. I'm not heatproof. Not in a general sense, but not specifically to my power either - if I don't fire it right, the liquid can dribble onto me, which is why I have this suit, and the nozzle on my mask to both protect me and also direct my power in different forms. That's all, really." She pokes her hands against each other with a single finger each. "And, I definitely didn't say that I was going to join-"

"Can I see that nozzle in action?" I interrupt with a probe of my own.

"The other settings can be pretty destructive-" She wrings her hands for a moment.

"It's fine, the building's not going to make it anyway. Everyone knows that it's entirely Bakuda's fault." I nod. "And besides, gotta look impressive to help your friends over there negotiate better - right?"

"I suppose so..." She twists something in her mask, then turns her head at a slight angle to us and-

PHWOOSH

A wall of fire fills one side of my vision, raw power and heat focused into an inferno of motion and force sufficient to turn the closest wall into nothing but charcoal and slag. I'm reminded of Bakuda's blasting gauntlets, except those were more force and less fire. There's not much liquid left behind to burn - in fact, it's almost entirely burnt out already, although that hasn't stopped the beginnings of a creeping flame edging out from the hole.

Still not my building. I don't care. Send me the bill when I'm banging the president over her desk, I'll sign it then.

Mentally replaying what I'd just seen, I think I understand now. That attack started out as a spray, rather than a concentrated hose. That spray meant that nearly all of the liquid at once was exposed to the air, explosively increasing the force of the resulting ignition - at the cost of the longevity and control over the attack. Which, logically, implied that condensing the liquid would be easier to direct, the flames would last longer and likely burn with less intensity than the near-explosive I just witnessed.

But I should assume that the actual volume of liquid is the same, the only thing that's changed is how it comes out of her mask. Which means that the lengthy jets she made earlier to block off certain avenues of approach - streams that took her six, seven seconds to make - could just as well have been used to maintain that level of attack for the duration instead.

Longer than three seconds, I wouldn't be able to survive it with the shadow state. Browbeat wouldn't help either. Glory Girl's shield wouldn't last.

Despite the heat, a trickle of ice inches down my spine. Death. Unless I had a floor below or above me that I could phase to, I didn't have an answer to this. That thought echoes in my head for a moment. I was alive right now, because of mercy. Because the girl in front of me is too nice for the power she has, unwilling to break her own moral code despite the collar around her neck.

I clench my fists as that undeniable fact sinks in. Idiot. Idiot, idiot, idiot. I got too confident handling Bakuda without forewarning about her capabilities, and this is a reality check. I wasn't in control of the situation at all, I just didn't know better. I'm alive right now because she didn't want to kill me. Yes, it's the same in reverse too - but that wouldn't do anything to make me feel better when I'm dead. I can't afford to make mistakes like this. I still have weaknesses, areas where my powers don't match up to the strengths of another Cape. I can't afford to walk up to unfamiliar powers in real life like this. I got greedy thinking that a short clash and talk in real life would give better challenge results, but a basic challenge might have saved my life if she'd been more aggressive at the start. All to save a few minutes between challenges? Idiot!

Two steps forward, two steps back. How strong did I need to be for this to not happen anymore? This feels terrible. All that sweat, blood and tears - could have come to an end to a literal D-Lister who doesn't even have a wiki page on PHO. One misjudgement, game over.

I want to punch myself, but that isn't an option right now.

I settle for the next best thing.

Spitfire
Villain 1/6
(ALRT) (ZONE)​

"Challenge." If the usual reward pattern holds up, I could safely clear up to the third challenge without too much drama. Two power rewards, one boost. Any more than that... seemed like a bad idea against someone in the same team as Tattletale.

Keep it simple. Keep it controlled. I'm stronger overall. The more complete package of a Cape, I just had to stay out of the literal line-of-fire and victory was assured. Not getting ambushed was the most important factor. And with the ALRT modifier, that meant leaving my starting area immediately.

Somewhat unfortunately, the starting area is a building - seemingly encapsulated by the ZONE walls. I phase through a doorway before listening, trying to detect any approaching footsteps. Nothing. A pretty standard office building, by all appearances. This looked like some high-powered executive office, but that didn't matter in the face of the fact that my opponent wasn't here.

Why not? On the face of it, knowing exactly where I started was one of her biggest advantages - catching me before I could vanish, then using her overwhelmingly-powerful attack to blast me and any cover I attempted to use was certainly her best shot at winning here. Why would she give that up?

Had she given it up? I send my ash clone out of the room ahead of me, checking the stairs, down a floor - then racing up as well. No reaction. I dismiss it again. Was she hiding? Surely not, that was rarely the default behaviour of the NPCs when given the ALRT modifier. The entire point was that they raced to start a fight with me.

Logical conclusion, the fight has already started - it just isn't the one I expected. Perhaps I'd focused too much on the destructive display I'd just seen, and not enough on what her default fighting style was. I've seen that one already, spewing flames around to limit mobility and approach angles - staying in control at a distance, because any close-quarters fight ran the risk of her burning herself with every attack. Spreading flames around to limit mobility, and control the fight.

So, in this case - the ALRT isn't to tell her where I am. It's just to aggro her right away. And that helps her because... I'm trapped by the ZONE.

I flow downwards in the shadow state. One floor. Two floors. Thr- I bounce heavily off an electricity cable, convulsing in pain with a silent scream. I allow myself five seconds before forcing myself up, my ash clone recreated for just a split second to pull me upright. Needed to get my hands on some electro-sensing power one of these days.

The building shakes for a moment. Something crackles below me, and I become intimately aware of the fact that this room is notably warmer than the ones I just came from. Not chancing the shadow state again, I flex Browbeat's power, and hammer a hole into the floor below - it takes a few hits, but the material making up the floor and ceiling isn't exactly the toughest. I squirm my way through the opening, then drop down and do it again. And again. I smell smoke. I repeat the task. Fast. Faster. The shadow state takes me through the next one, and my fears are confirmed by the licks of flames stretching through the doorway of my new room.

That explains it. Spitfire was below me, burning this entire building down around me. That wouldn't be a problem if I didn't start so high up, but I had a lot of floors to traverse - and the wasted time at the start had let this conflagration build up and up unnoticed. She is burning the building out from underneath. Starting at the bottom – the basement, car park, whatever fire-proof pocket the ZONE has allowed her – and she's letting the inferno do the work. The next room I drop into proves the point - metal supports are already softening, glowing red and buckling. Something tumbles past the outer window as more ominous noises groan from elsewhere in the tower.

I glower at the flames nearby, then concede. I have to give up on racing to the bottom. It's obvious the flames are too intense already, and I'm only seeing the results of the secondary flames that spread from her original ones - this is just natural fire, a pale shadow of the supernatural napalm she's spewing out personally.

But I'm not losing. Her strength is her weakness too - her flames are too strong. A normal fire might leave a burned-out shell behind, but this one? The building was already shaking and swaying a minute ago, by the time the flames truly reached the top floors - there wouldn't be any top floors anymore. The entire thing would collapse in on itself.

That might even kill her, depending on where she is.

So I just need to survive the heat and the smoke for long enough and her entire attack plan falls apart. First of all, I need to climb back up - reverse all the progress I just made. Annoying, but alternating between the shadow state and speed state is good enough to retrace my 'steps'.

Fortunately, I started on a high floor in the first place. Reaching the top floor doesn't even take that much time, and I even momentarily outpace the chasing flames for a moment. The building shakes dangerously again as I note the ZONE wall preventing me from reaching the roof. Fine. Here will do. I take a moment to layout what I need. The curtains from a nearby wall to start with. Suspend it in the air with my ash clone, holding two corners each. Clockblock. Now, time for Skidmark's power. I've rarely used it up to this point, but that's only because of the set-up it usually requires to perform well against other powers that were easier and quicker to use - there's no shortage of places where it could be useful. Because as much as I'd like to be able to apply these effects to thin-air and have them stay there, I could appreciate the value of painting them onto objects too.

X markers and arrow signs bleed off of my fingers as I draw outwards along the bottom of the suspended sheet. Repulsion and direction. As scattered as I was making the effect, it wouldn't be that strong - but how strong did it need to be to repel smoke and create a relatively safe pocket for me to survive in? Not very. It wouldn't be particularly dignified, but I was essentially building a hammock with full-time air conditioning blasting outwards in all directions - the heat would still be a problem... but Clockblocked objects didn't care about that - and I was pretty confident that any air that made it down through the narrow gap at the top of the 'funnel' above me would at least be moderately breathable until the building was already gone. Heat rises, smoke rises - and in the worst case, I could just hold my breath for a minute or two.

Flames in the corner of my vision and the persistent smoke edging at the ceiling is proof enough that I don't have much time. The building rumbles again, a distant, agonised shriek of metal giving way. Time to go. I give up on drawing anymore symbols, hand off the power to my ash clone to stop it from decaying for as long as possible - then settle into my 'bunker'. Browbeat's power comes up as the room shakes then slants, the only minor flaw in the plan was that the roof was still above me - and as it collapses towards me, I find that the weight is just too much to push against with Browbeat's power.

I'm not dead though. Just stuck. That isn't a problem - physics will help me out, the collapse here is being mirrored across the entire building. And everywhere else doesn't have a Clockblocked object holding it up. My ash clone perishes despite it's efforts to hide under the sheet, but I do get a clear view of the floor below it collapsing too - along with the rest of the roof crumbling and splitting as the laws of gravity make themselves known. The weight pressing me down slackens as parts of the load break off or roll away, until I'm left with something I can lift enough to roll away.

Flicking debris out of my seating area, I glance around. Hard to see with the mass of smoke and dust rising around me, but the sound from the collapsing building carries just fine. Poking my head out over the top is rewarded by my eyeballs getting seared by heat to the point that I shift my head into the shadow state and retreat once more. Lesson learned, don't do that again.

...this is working. It feels silly. It looks silly - floating up in the skyline as floor after floor collapses inwards far below me. But already, the wind seems to be catching the smoke - even though my repulsion field is losing its power with every passing second, I've bought enough time.

And now, Spitfire's advantage is gone. She can't even use the burning remains to ward me away for long enough for the anti-stalling measures to kick in, because her flames are just too strong - any flammable material is already well on the way to being completely exhausted, at this point, it's just her - and whatever hole she's hiding in.

I wait for a few minutes, refreshing Clockblocker's power as it expires - then waiting for it to expire once more. Then, I propel myself to the corner of the ruins that looks to have the least amount of smoking debris. Shadow state as I hit the bottom, whip my shirt off to create a non-burning platform to stand on with Clockblocker's power. I settle down, feeling mildly scorched just by proximity - but I could survive a few burns. My ash clone takes a seating position next to me, Mush's power already accessed. The tentacle trails from its ashy hand down into the remains below us.

The knight forms swiftly. Usually it takes a while to retrieve the right kind of materials, sufficiently broken-up debris and loose items were best - it took time to move around, to 'glue' them onto the tentacle that then twists itself into the shape of the knight. But here, it didn't even need to try. Suitable materials everywhere, soot and ash were every bit as serviceable as shattered concrete, wood and glass.

For a moment, I consider the sheer might that could be generated if Mush's power could encompass all of this debris at once. My knight could get massive, but flexibility and mobility came from doubling in on itself to create limbs - but the tendril could only get so long, meaning there was always a tradeoff between speed and power. If that wasn't an issue, if the tentacle could grab everything present here, and still gain the flexibility of my most-preferred size of knight?

I could fight an Endbringer like that. Not win, surely. If only because of the lack of penetrative firepower. But... that could go blow for blow on the frontlines. I shake my head. Getting ahead of myself. Focus on what is right in front of me. The fact that the challenge isn't over means she's alive, presumably hiding underground. A basement level? Some kind of tunnel below us? I could see the idea now, the challenge starts - she sits somewhere surrounded by stone and concrete, blasts the flammable parts of the building around her on repeat and then scurries to close the trapdoor behind her to wait out the chaos.

If I'd realised from the start, I'd have toured the floor I started on to find an elevator and just gone through it in the shadow state. I only found the stairs, but a building this size would obviously have one. I'd be on the bottom floor in less than a minute, the flames would be intense, but their source would still have been clear if only by the obvious direction that they were spreading from. Find the Cape, enter through the walls. One-two punch. Dead. Even if I'd failed at first, it was pretty easy to see how simple the second round could have been.

I kick my feet in the air as my knight moves, waves of heat emanating off of it as it clears vast areas of rubble with every movement of its limbs - digging and digging, looking for any sign of an area untouched by the flames. I could be happy about this, at least. I made the wrong decision at first, but I'm happy with how I responded once I realised the strategy I was up against. I just had the right options for someone trying to bring the building down around me like that.

I should be happy.

My fists itch. I'm not. I'm still furious with myself. I wanted someone to take it out on, and this wasn't it. A puzzle, rather than a brawl.

It takes seven minutes for the knight to find and break into Spitfire's hidey-hole. I don't bother to stand up as she tries to fight, opting to watch it at a distance instead. Streams of napalm firing continuously into my knight. I would have said it was useless, but that wasn't entirely true. The actual power was immune to damage unless my ash clone died, but some of the materials used in the knight were melting - and molten slag just didn't work as well with Mush's power. Even if it cooled, one larger piece was far, far worse than the same part split into ten, fifteen different pieces.

But that just cuts down on mobility in the affected areas. It's not a real knight, just a power twisting itself to look like one. The knight discards the less-effective materials, reshapes itself from others - and then simply incorporates the napalm into itself. The liquid flame does little of note to the already-burnt-out coverings on the knight, and the tentacle itself can't be harmed - so her efforts only ensure that her opponent is now an unstoppable goliath that also happens to be on fire. Different blasts of fire stream out, different levels of force and consistency. Nothing. Blasting away at the closest limb reaching out to her only momentarily drives it back, and soon, more material flows in to replace what was knocked away.

I tune out the distant scream as the knight clutches the fire-breathing Cape to their inferno of a chest - a funeral pyre, more than any real attempt at an attack.

SUCCESS
Reward: Incendiary Fluid (1)​

Nice. Next.

Spitfire
Villain 2/6
(CAGE)​

A grin appears on my face. That's more like it. "Challenge." I immediately call up my ash clone and bring Vista's power into the active slot. I'd like to treat this like Bakuda, but I can't. Firstly, Bakuda was more about the single-impact shockwave, explosive shrapnel and the flames were a byproduct of everything else. The shadow state went through that fine. Here, I was pretty sure that the continued stream of fire and force would simply blow me away like harsh winds and fans do if I was inside in the shadow state - and I'd still probably get fried when my timer ran out. But the important part was that I wouldn't be able to close in.

No, Vista's power was best used for one thing. Making this flat ground into... non-flat ground. Blocking line-of-sight. Because all I really needed was her to not be able to one-shot me, and this fight was over. My ash clone goes right out of the mini-trench I've created. I go left. Then down at the same instant that my ash clone dies, into the floor at a diving angle - one second of shadow state, two seconds of shadow state, three seconds - and find myself forcibly shunted out of the ground at the closest point possible.

Directly next to my target. Browbeat's power comes online, I've already got a grip on her mask as it starts to spin up my strength to a real Brute rating - something that she can't really do anything about. Different to Bakuda, but somehow - still exactly the same. All that light, heat and sound firing directly in front of her - she can barely see what she's looking at, she doesn't know if her target is alive or dead until she stops, and she doesn't have the opportunity to put her head on a swivel like a typical blaster either.

She struggles against me pointlessly as I drive her into the ground, then - in a last-ditch effort - attempts to pull herself away and blast my hand. She was probably hoping I'd panic and pull away, instead - I keep my hand right where it is, pressing it harder into her mask as the flames erupt around it. Agonising. Sure. But the moment the first crack in the mask forms, it's all over - burning liquid seeps down the remains of my arm directly onto and into her mask. I swap hands, the other one already annihilated by the flames - just to rip her mask away more and end it quicker.

SUCCESS
Reward: Spitfire+​

Nice, nice. The third, and probably the final of the challenges I tried on her today - coming right up.

Spitfire
Villain 3/6
(GANG) (DNGR) (PREP)​

...nevermind.

Why is the DNGR rating there? Her power doesn't have anything to do with masters, she can't stall me indefinitely or leave me in a near-permanent state of living - unable to win or lose. I scan her modifiers again. Was it the GANG modifier? Another ally capable of doing something along those lines?

I hate this. But I'm not really willing to challenge anything with that modifier right now. Not in a situation like this. Fine, I'll leave it at that for today.

"Oh!" Spitfire suddenly stops, looking down at herself as the collar around her neck pulses green - before abruptly disengaging and falling to the floor. After a moment of realisation, she bounds away from it - looking incredibly relieved. "I- um." All three of us look over to Tattletale, Bitch and-

-and Bakuda, who is held not-so-gently inside Angelica's jaws.

I surreptitiously pinch space between us and them so I can hear the conversation better. "-isn't a Master like you'd know it, she actually just empowers them. And when she isn't around, like when she gets knocked out or you try your luck? The dogs stay empowered until it would have expired. And in the meantime? They do whatever they like. Whatever seems natural to them. Now, I've seen that dog in action - and she is vicious at heart-"

"No she isn't." Bitch interjects. The conversation stalls for a moment as both Tattletale and Bakuda turn to her. "She's a good girl." Bitch doesn't seem to care about the stares she gets from either of them.

"...Thank you, Bitch. I'll take the talking from here." Tattletale continues. "As I was saying, the dogs do whatever they want - and in this case, she's just itching to bite down on this wriggling thing in her mouth. The only reason she isn't, is because of Bitch here. If she wasn't here? Or if she gave the order? You never get your vengeance. You never get your name written down in the history books. You never get the respect you think you deserve. Why? Because all you'll be is the Cape that PHO makes dog-food jokes about when they remember that one Tinker who killed herself right on her debut. So. Next collar, if you would." She taps at her own. "How about-"

"Brutus and Judas next." Bitch adds in. "Take them off first."

Tattletale looks aggrieved, but reluctantly nods - then elaborates at Bakuda's confused expression. "The two dogs that were with us."

"As if I care about those disgusting mutts anyway." Bakuda hisses. "I-" Angelica growls in warning, and Bakuda falls silent again. "There, that should be it. Even if I can't see the little terrors right now."

A cracking noise at the entrance draws the attention of the entire room. A set of flaming claws peels away a section of the wall like wet paper, widening a new entrance more and more with every motion. Lung. Another shockwave momentarily knocks him away, Triumph's power in action - but he was just a distraction, and Lung knew it. If Dauntless really had been taken out, then the heroes reportedly delaying him outside were nothing but mosquitoes.

I slide my eyes to the stage. Kid Win, we could really use Armsmaster right now. If you could hurry up with that, that would be great.

Fuck it. Let's sneak the challenges in against those two, then think about the action plan here. This wasn't the low-stakes night out I'd been hoping for, the Undersiders alone I could be confident that things wouldn't go too badly wrong with my power not conspiring to turn every lost fight into a lethal defeat. The ABB? I couldn't say the same.

"Challenge." I whisper at Bakuda.

What haven't I tried yet here? "Attention Bakuda!" I call out at a distance. "I've been sent to negotiate, but I'm too afraid of your incredible Tinkertech to come inside uninvited! Can we talk?"

"This isn't a negotiation!" Bakuda returns. "This, is a demonstration. A statement. A declaration. Today, is the day of judgement. But, if you'd like to talk - you may come inside. But if you try anything at all, then the entire facility will look like this!"

My eyes widen. "Wait-"

Click.

Boom.

FAILURE​

I'm going to strangle this bitch. I glance at Tattletale. Both of them. Where do they get off having challenges that don't respond well to direct combat ability? That's the entire point of the power! That's what I do! "Challenge."

What did I even want to try against Tattletale? I gained some knowledge last time, but I wouldn't say I was particularly close to a win either. The issue was that standing up to any amount of scrutiny was a tough ask, and I didn't know exactly what inconsistency her power was initially picking up on to pick me out for a more advanced check.

How did I fix that? Keep trying disguises until I find the perfect one by blind luck? No. Hell no. I've got to push at the limits of the challenge. No combat? Don't get spotted? Fine. But what did that really mean?

My ash clone lands on the ground, in plain view of Tattletale. A few surrounding NPCs react curiously, and the girl herself is no different - a wary look appearing on her face- Reset.

She looked right at me. Awkward. Should find a better hiding spot. Or look through my ash clones eyes next time. Point proven though, I'm not forbidden to use powers at all. I didn't fail the moment she saw my clone, even though she started looking for me afterwards - that meant that I could do things. Affect the scenario in certain ways.

Let's experiment again, with me hidden properly this time. My ash clone walks in front of her, the girl sending it a wary look and crossing the street to avoid it. The clone follows. Tattletale reaches into her pocket and- Reset.

Another lesson learned. I think that was the 'combat' failure condition. I need to remember, it's not necessarily me starting a fight - but it could also be her realising that my clone is targeting her specifically, and realising she's in a fight. I should probably assume the same response will happen if I just 'coincidentally' walk the clone near her too many times. I could use it as a minor distraction, but it obviously stands out - she makes a concerted effort to avoid it and seems to be scanning the area around her with far more than her usual intensity. Looking for the Master, probably.

Third and final attempt... what can I do with this? An indirect attack? No, she'd realise she was being targeted and I'd fail that way. A distraction? Maybe. But it would need to be a hell of a distraction. Something that lasted a while, to give me the time I needed to fill the progress bar - otherwise, she'd note the distraction, identify it for what it was, and then leave the area and go somewhere safer where she could verify everyone around in-depth.

What if she couldn't do that? What if there wasn't anywhere safer? What if she simply couldn't verify that everyone around her was who they appeared to be? The aim wasn't to beat her power at it's best, but to overwhelm it. Give it too much to look at. Overstimulation. I could use the crowds. I could even attack them. Cut off certain streets, create some obstacles. Herding. Create some panic, condense people into a smaller space - and she wouldn't be able to check everyone. Hell, if I made enough of a crush - she wouldn't even be able to move to see everyone.

Perfect.

I send my ash clone off to form the knight. A larger one than usual. Step one would be destroying a few cars and creating a blockade at the main street. I'd need to trap everyone in, then slowly box them together.

It takes time, but the knight does good work. I have to make a few examples of the citizens that attempt to just scramble over the blockade of cars and debris, but everyone gets the point eventually. "Villain attack, everybody panic! Run that way!" I think the voice cues help. But maybe the knight crashing into another store half its size is the real reason people listen to my directions.

Now then. Second problem. I only had one administrator. That meant, one knight, or the ability to track one bug - and with it, Tattletale - no matter where it was.

Which was to say, I didn't know where Tattletale was right now. Oh, I had a vague idea of the area - but, being totally honest, she could have moved anywhere by now. I could have started the attack closer to her, but considering the entire operation revolving around her challenge-self not realising that she was the target - I didn't want to test how suspicious she would feel about a Cape attack happening almost right on top of her, to say nothing of the fact that I would instantly lose if she pulled a gun or knife on raw instinct.

For now, I just walk in the crowd - pushing past bodies, ignoring the screaming. 0%. 0%. 0%. Should be around here somewhere, if she kept to her original route...

1%. There. I was in range. Barely. 2%. 6%. 10%. The crowd keeps moving. Which direction? 19%. I maintain the same path, only to note the bar shrinking again. 11%. 4%. Back to 0%. That meant that she was somewhere behind me, perhaps off to either side. I turn and fight my way through the crowd surging past me- Reset.

FAILURE​

I glower at the screen. Then soften my expression. No, can't be mad. It was a good strategy. I proved that a lot of things worked there. At the end, she must have been looking at me somehow - I made myself stand out, the only guy trying to head towards the attack. Perhaps she had a good vantage point, or just heard the complaints of the crowd in my way and looked over - but either way, it did imply that at some point, I'd walked past her and she hadn't noticed. Good strategy. A winning strategy. All I was missing was the knowledge of her exact position. I've proven that, just like in real life right now, she can have too many things to look into to give them all the time they need.

Next time, with three more chances? I'll win. Easily.

And then, I'm pretty sure, I'm going to get hit with the same challenge but with some loopholes closed. I know what my power is like. I'm ready for it.

Anyway. Where was I? Right. Collars. I guess they're doing fine, I suppose I'll leave them to it? It really did grate that Tattletale had my motives pinned down that easily, but it was all just common sense at the end of the day. In fact, I'd argue that the best thing for the heroes to do here was allow the 'negotiation' to happen - then swoop in to take possession of both Bakuda and the Undersiders all at once. Armsmaster would be free in literally seconds if Kid Win could hurry up and finish doing his thing - and then it's just Lung, and presumably Oni Lee.

Oni Lee, who hasn't come in here ahead of Lung, to save Bakuda? Oni Lee, who hadn't just decided to finish off the Undersiders at the end of their 'employment'? Oni Lee, I had yet to actually see at all during all of this?

No, that didn't sound like him at all.

My eyes slide to Grue's cloud. Grue and Regent, hiding together. Neither of them had revealed themselves at the same time. Why? Regent didn't like fighting in the darkness in the bank challenge, why start now?

Because he had to. Because, if that darkness wasn't there - people would see the truth of what was going on. Looking at their team, both Regent and Grue could 'restrain' Oni Lee. But Grue's power was the only one that people knew could do that, Regent was still lowballing himself in public. So they were carrying around Oni Lee within the cloud rather than splitting up. Tattletale had implied that I'd have to defend them from Lung when he comes in, why? Because they completed the 'trade' for their teammate, then Regent had simply walked Oni Lee back into range of the cloud as a bargaining chip when the collars hadn't been removed right away.

This is a clusterfuck. I think I'd actually prefer it if the Undersiders were just straight-up on the ABB's side, but instead there's this nasty little web of threats, insurance policies and different motives. Think. Lung will come in here for both Bakuda and Oni Lee - the Undersiders are keeping Oni Lee as a threat or a trade to any party that might stop them from leaving. They don't even have to try and fight, if Lung reaches them, they hand over both Oni Lee and Bakuda without resistance and leave the heroes to handle the mess of a full-power ABB. Oni Lee and Lung, in open conflict with the Wards? I didn't like that idea. That sounded messy. Oni Lee had tried to slit my throat on sight the first time I met him, and Taylor had narrowly avoided eating a grenade that night too. I wouldn't bet on him being any nicer with the Wards, there were precious few combat videos between the Wards and the ABB and I'm pretty sure that was a deliberate choice by the PRT to keep them away.

And the only way I had to stop it was to either kill Oni Lee outright, or obediently stop Lung from reaching the Undersiders at all.

Which proved Tattletale right. Oh, there were some other alternatives as well, I could take down all of the Undersiders and keep Oni Lee down too - but that didn't help if Lung was going to rampage around in here anyway and potentially kill anyone who couldn't pull themselves out of harms way. Best case scenario, Lung limps away - Oni Lee back in prison with Bakuda, Undersiders captured. But that was the heroes best case. Mine? No. That sucked for me. Oni Lee would be in the Birdcage as an absolute guarantee after this mess, it was already a surprise they hadn't fast-tracked him. The Undersiders would get sent across the country and I wouldn't get any more of their powers, not to mention the enmity of Tattletale for going against her 'brilliant' plan.

No, Tattletale most certainly understood my motives here. Which meant that she'd spent a little time researching me already.

On the plus side, she at least seemed to think I'd be a significant speedbump against Lung if I factored into her plans here at all.

On the down side, she was a poor enough judge of such things that she'd gotten her entire group captured after presumably picking a fight with Lung deliberately rather than skipping town.

Well. Fuck. But, I'm not entirely unprepared for this. I've been expecting a Lung to jump through the nearest wall on every patrol I've been on for the last week, even with Taylor around - I've been on edge. I step forward as Lung fully enters the room and looks around. Brutus and Judas immediately abandon their fights and race towards Bitch. Bad experience there, I'd guess?

Browbeat hesitates for a moment as her opponent leaves, then races to grab the red clump of flesh that was once identifiable as her teammate. "Oh my god, Aegis - are you okay? No, what am I saying, of course you aren't okay. I-I know some first aid-"

"I'm fine." Something that is distinctly not a mouth voices his response. "Get away from Lung, he's not someone you can handle - I'll hold him off until more heroes arrive."

"Maybe say that when you've got four working limbs again." I call out drily, my eyes fixed on Lung. "Browbeat, go make sure Gallant hasn't been beaten to a pulp yet. Aegis, just back off for the moment and heal up until you can contribute. Vista, support me, but don't get too close."

"You can't fight Lung!" Aegis objects. Still with that gross pseudo-mouth of his. Creepy dude, stop. "We need to pull back-"

"It's fine. We've only got to hold out until Armsmaster is free, right? And, I'm pretty sure that Grue over there is hiding Oni Lee - so if we let Lung go past us, we're just going to be dealing with both of them instead of just one. And you can't exactly run and leave Clockblocker and Kid Win behind, can you?" To be honest, the reasoning doesn't matter at this point. Honestly, I wanted to fight. Without my power favouring the enemy, just how well did we match up? I wanted to try my luck. I wanted the fight. Spitfire caught me off guard, but I'd been annoyed at myself for taking a fight against someone with completely unknown capabilities without checking their challenge first. I'd assumed she was at roughly the same level as the relatively-weak Undersiders. But I wasn't mad about going for the fight.

This is what being a Cape is about. This is what being a hero is about.

I press a button on my costume. The sole item of Tinkertech in my costume pulses, then glows steadily. A moment later, my costume gets a bulky addition to it - my teleporter, folded down with the weight properly distributed compared to the last version. The targeting remote settles around my wrist with a click. I trigger it, number one - the selection right at the top, ready to be teleported in at a moment's notice. The Wards step away as a crate appears next to me. Materials. The perfect amount for one specific design.

Paste. I burn a single shadow state charge to get inside the exoframe faster, then stand - bringing my right hand up, the Mecha-sword rising with it. It was tough to manipulate before, it was designed to be wielded by a robot and an appropriate power source after all. But with Browbeat's power fully active and the exoframe assisting... it felt almost light in my hands.

I aim a tight grin at Lung as he leisurely paces forward, the ground shaking with every step as the dragon-man makes his presence known - a wall of unpleasant heat already threatening to scorch me through my costume. Game on.

Last steps. I apply Othala's power to Vista to mulligan reflexes for something more useful, then summon my ash clone - finally back from it's long cooldown. I assign it Mush's power, and have it start gathering the knight immediately. Shouldn't take long, with the building in this state already - it was a shame I couldn't start it earlier, Lung will reach me long before-

I blink as Lung's draconic visage doesn't seem to be approaching that quickly at all, despite motions that look somewhat hurried to me. He's covering too little ground with every step. I look at Vista, who's staring intently in that direction and biting her lip. "Thanks." I mutter. Her lips quirk upwards, but she doesn't look away.

Anything else that might help? I'd like to apply Skidmark's power to the sword to give myself extra thrust, but it fades away when it isn't my active power and I'd like to stick to cycling between Browbeat, Glory Girl, Echo and Vista in this fight. "Hey, Spitfire." She straightens at my callout. "Can you blast my knight over there with your power? Make it last as long as you can, if that's alright." I'm not testing my version in real life, and her one was undoubtedly more powerful anyway.

Spitfire hesitates, glancing over to her companions before nodding. "Sure?"

The burning figure settles into place a small distance away from me. Just what we needed, more heat. But I'd bet that it won't be pleasant to Lung either. I point the Mecha-blade at him as he draws closer. In return, he emits a repeating, rough barking sound that I eventually realise is something close to his laughter.

"Careful." I take another step forward, and my burning knight mirrors my action. "If you underestimate me too much-"

The Mecha-blade hums through the exoframe. With this iteration. Leet's quirk activation chance had increased. 4.8% chance of activating the reverse swing every time I make an assisted attack. 95.2% chance of normal function. The normal attacks alone would be a threat to Lung. The superpowered spin attack... well. I'd have to stick to angles that wouldn't direct something lethal to every other occupant of the room. As for Lung...

I finish my warning to the strongest Cape in the Bay.

"-you might just die."

--

AN: A month late, ish? Bah. I struggled with the chapter after this that just went up on Patreon and SubscribeStar - ended up doing it as an interlude instead. Or, I guess I was struggling with writing in general - I didn't really get up to much of anything these last two months. Shame. I feel like I was almost being consistent for a while there.
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:kurotsuki007, Inconsistent, Toddball and 599 others
Tamzar
Mar 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirty-Four New
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Jun 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,523
Interlude - Gallant:

Gallant was sure that some cosmic god was having a laugh at his expense today - one problem would crop up, he'd idly wish it to be resolved and he'd get his wish in a way worse than ever dreamed. Over and over and over.

It had all started innocently enough. Vicky threatening to drag him shopping for swimsuits? Any guy would think they would be lucky to go on such an adventure, but he knew it was a trap by now. That was one date that always ended badly, always ended up with the wrong thing said, the wrong assurance given, not enough compliments, too many compliments, dangerous questions asking him about his opinion on the models lining the shop walls, posters and magazines, expressing interest, not expressing interest - there weren't any right answers there either. He'd prayed for an excuse.

He'd gotten one. Speech duty for a press event, another friendly face in the Wards showing support to their newest teammate.

Fine. He could do that. Smile. Look pretty for the cameras. The usual. It wasn't really the excuse he was looking for, rather than spending an hour ogling Vicky, spending another hour apologising for whatever argument they'd had and the remaining time hanging around with his still-fuming girlfriend - his entire evening was now block-booked out by an event with absolutely no enjoyment to be found anywhere. It was worse. It was definitely worse. Alas, he'd accepted the request before asking about the full details of the event, and it was technically for the benefit of his new teammate anyway so it was hard to find another excuse... but, still. Was it so wrong to want a bit of excitement in his schedule?

Yes, yes it was wrong. But he'd gotten exactly what he'd asked for anyway. He'd been caught outside when the ABB attacked, not even in his costume yet - he hadn't been due to make an appearance until later in the evening anyway, he'd figured that he wouldn't be missed. Well. He hadn't been missed, except it might have been better if they had kept him closer to hand. Things weren't clear on how exactly things had gone down at the moment of the attack, but he can't rule out the possibility that an emotion-sensor and a Blaster could have done something to disrupt whatever attack had happened on stage to freeze Armsmaster and his two teammates in time.

Sitting outside, near-powerless to help, no costume - just scrambling to get away from the ABB roadblocks and panicking civilians so that he could get a clear line to the PRT - he'd felt useless enough then. Only to find out that the Empire was attacking halfway across the city, and his girlfriend was already there - recklessly wading into the violence like she always does. That only redoubled the frustration. Two places where he wanted to be, to make a difference - and he wasn't achieving a thing at either of them.

Even Shadow Stalker was doing more than he was, and she was just sitting on console duty. Absolutely livid that they weren't authorising her to leave and join the rest of the Wards on account of the danger travelling through the city - but she was still contributing as much as she could, biting commentary aside. He wanted to do something to help the heroes out too.

Again, he'd gotten his wish. The hostage situation, after some panic, was eventually deemed to be the work of one new Tinker and some accompanying goons. Lung was confirmed elsewhere, so the Wards were deployed on what should be a simple mission: Sneak into the building when the Tinker wasn't looking, break out all the hostages, leave. No combat, unless the Tinker was exposing themselves or looking vulnerable. As a bonus, his costume was in there - and unless the PRT could spare a van to do a supply run back to HQ, that was the only way he was going to get some real protection in this situation. His only concern was how to approach this heavily-fortified building that seemed to be covered in traps and patrolling drones, any reinforcements that the heroes could spare would be valuable here - though of course, he understands that the Empire and Lung are the main threats.

But the devil laughs, because his unspoken wish was heard once more. They do get reinforcements. Velocity was greatly appreciated, Triumph was in the area too. He was grateful for their presence. What he wasn't grateful for, was the other arrival. Void Cowboy.

Now, he didn't hate the vigilante. Not really. There was, admittedly, an instinctive dislike there - someone with a reputation for excessive violence, someone who hadn't run to join the heroes the moment they had powers and, of course, the fact that he was a power copier.

He's sure he isn't the only one to have all kinds of feelings about that last one, even if his feelings on it aren't quite the same as his teammates. They would be annoyed that their powers were being copied by someone who didn't go through their trigger event, but he was a bit different in that he didn't have a trigger event. But, he did have to live with the constant knowledge that his powers were bought - and that fact alone would be enough to upend his friendships if it came out at the wrong time. The fact that someone had the potential to just scoop up his power by pure proximity, looking to become an improved version of Gallant without a shred of the guilt, shame and anxiety that came from the origin of his powers? Sure. He had feelings about it too. He wasn't sure he really had the right to have those feelings, but he had them all the same.

But he's a professional. He can put mild distaste and discomfort aside and work with a neutral party against the villains. He's not that petty. He may have been more than happy to follow the advice of avoiding the vigilante and rerouting patrols away from areas where he'd been seen - just to mitigate the chance of having his powers copied - but none of that mattered now. This was important. Lives were at risk. This was a chance to see Void Cowboy's true nature for himself, overcome his instinctive bias and see what the truth of the vigilante was.

And once again, the monkey's paw had curled.

Because Void Cowboy wasn't a hero.

Maybe that was too dramatic, but he wouldn't say he was wrong. Void Cowboy wasn't a plucky young teenager too rebellious to bow to authority. He was just dangerous - it was obvious to him within moments of interacting with him for the first time. It had started out fine. The emotional aura around the younger teen when he was talking with Velocity had been chaotic, spiking from greed and excitement to cool contempt and anticipation as the hero discussed the situation. That alone wasn't a cause of alarm, wandering thoughts could do a lot to a mental state - Gallant knew that. The flicker of awe and enthusiasm at the sight of the Wards leaving the van and coming into his view was something more standard, and for a moment, Gallant had been content to relax at the additional help they'd received. Everything was standard here. The occasional flicker of other emotions was normal, not too different from his teammates own anxious-yet-excited state.

Until, in an innocuous part of an otherwise pleasant conversation - Void Cowboy had happened to glance at him, and everything changed. The jumpy, flickering emotions resolved into a tidal wave of bloodlust, a conflagration of something close to rage and decisiveness - that perfect combination that he'd relied on for years as the signal that somebody was about to attack. It had never failed him. The pseudo-precognition of knowing someone had mentally prepared themselves for violence, the murky colours of anticipation transforming into conviction, excitement and decisiveness... he trusted it with his life.

So, still not understanding exactly what had triggered the fight - Gallant had sprung into a defensive posture. As nothing happened.

Absolutely nothing. In fact, he hasn't even brought his arms fully up before the emotions that concerned him were just gone. Not fading away and replaced by others as a new train of thought dislodges them, but literally gone between one blink and the next as if abruptly deleted. Replaced entirely by what he would have to describe as 'smug triumph'.

And then, within seconds of that, it happens again - the bloodlust returns, except it doesn't vanish entirely this time. This time, the angry dark reds of sullen anger, the purple-green of disappointment plus the orange of spite were the dominant emotions - added to the thrumming pulse of murky red that indicated a desire for violence was still there underneath it all.

As he continues holding the conversation without so much as a tensed muscle or stutter in his speech. If not for the roller-coaster of emotions he was witnessing - there would be nothing to say that Void Cowboy was anything other than what he seemed, a helpful, if somewhat misguided hero looking to do his best for the city. He was the only one who could see underneath the mask. Who could see... whatever this was.

By the time he realises that, to everyone else, there isn't any reason to be alarmed - he's already made a bit of a scene. The lances of amusement and confusion lancing through his teammates auras were frustrating enough, presumably thinking that he had gotten jumpy over a movement in the shadows or a distant explosion. But he could live with that, he could explain things later. That isn't what annoys him. What annoys him is the real icing on the cake: The absolute tidal wave of derision and contempt from Void Cowboy as Gallant reluctantly settles back into a more neutral posture.

Gallant isn't going to challenge him on it. Not now. This part of his power is one of the best-kept secrets of the Wards, an edge he's reluctant to let go of - and right now, that kind of edge is what might be needed to unearth the mysteries of Void Cowboy.

At first, it's just a distraction - he assumes the boy must have a split personality, or that he's got a hyperactive imagination, or that his power just completely throws an error against his through some quirk in biology. But it soon becomes apparent that nothing along those lines is happening. His power is working just fine, it's just telling him that the 'real' Void Cowboy is hiding his real feelings.

Sometimes. The emotions match up with the words sometimes. When he gets pumped about the mission, when he gets excited about seeing other people flex their powers - and, annoyingly enough, when he absent-mindedly insults Gallant's powers. He'd half-heartedly not-quite apologised, but the exact same flood of contempt and derision had swept away any illusion that he was sorry. Right. He hates this guy. It's decided. He would have settled on that answer even if he wasn't constantly looking at his teammates like a serial killer assessing his victims. The bloodlust, the greed, the possessiveness, the lust - nobody should even dare to look at his teammates like that with those emotions with that level of determination in their aura.

He's still not entirely sure what's going on here, but he is sure that Void Cowboy knows. What he was seeing was real, and now that he knew what he was looking for - it was impossible to overlook that the bloodlust was always there, even underneath the more natural, pleasant emotions. This isn't a moment of inflamed passion or drunken rage, it's deeper and more intense than anything like that. It was calculated - both the aggression, and his ability to hide it. Masking his desire to fight, to kill, to dominate, to fuck - in no particular order either.

Needless to say, Void Cowboy was one fucked-up individual.

He knew that now. But, nobody else did. Nobody else could see what he saw. Everyone else saw an admirable hero. And he didn't have anything to change their minds on that. Just flashes of colours, and he knew what they would say to that - wondering thoughts, a mental disorder, a power interaction or just a 'user error' on his part. There have been mistakes and failures through his powers before, they won't take him at his word - nor had he done anything that inspired a reason to not trust him. And that was before considering that the PRT had special orders to soft-ball him to lure him into the team. He had nothing, no justification at all that would be listened to.

Which meant that there was nothing he could do but watch in horror as Velocity agrees to include the vigilante into the Wards mission, something that fills said vigilante with a fresh fountain of glee, smugness, bloodthirst and greed. And... more lust? Not just when looking at Vista or when the conversation turned to the new ABB Tinker, but when looking at Clockblocker or himself too. It was so odd and ill-timed to the conversation that he wasn't even sure he was reading it right. Needless to say, all of that combined was hardly the standard emotional profile that come with a chance to work with your heroes.

There was little he could do about the enthusiasm of his teammates towards the new arrival. And, again, some god out there was laughing at him. Not even a few weeks ago, he'd been praying for Vista to get over her feelings for him and find someone more appropriate. It was a constant source of discomfort for him, but also something that would be a huge breach of privacy and trust to even hint about. If his teammates understood the depths of the emotional spectrum he could comprehend, it could cause some issues. When Vista's feelings towards him had started to wither and dull just a few days ago, he'd been overjoyed.

Now, as much as he didn't want to admit it, he wished she was still chasing after him. Not because Gallant would ever reciprocate himself, but because at least he wasn't Void Cowboy. There was something uniquely terrifying at realising that the soft-pink tones in the air between those two were coming from Vista, even as the boy returned the look with renewed waves of dark-red bloodlust amid the lighter yellow of some probably-fucked-up form of affection, desire and protectiveness. Needless to say, the stronger emotion was overpowering every other aura in the vicinity.

Vista. No. Please find someone else.

Naturally, he'd done all he could to keep the two separate, hopeful that this would just be a temporary, quickly-forgotten moment. The twin bursts of sharp-green annoyance and derision coming from both in front and behind him when getting between them highlighted that it would take more work than that - while also highlighting that any lingering rapport he had from Vista's crush couldn't be relied on any longer. Unfortunate, but this time it doesn't matter - the tables have turned. He's the one doing a normal action, and neither Void Cowboy or Vista are willing to say the truth of what's on their minds. Crisis... not averted, but delayed.

And with that, the mission would begin. Two missions, in fact. Because there was the first one, to rescue the hostages and perhaps take out the Tinker if they could be found - and, if he was being fair, which he wasn't - he might even have admitted that Void Cowboy was an excellent addition to the team for that specific mission.

But then there was the second mission. His mission. His crusade. He couldn't contribute much to the team in the overall scenario, but he was the only one who knew something close to the truth about Void Cowboy's true self. He'd made it his self-appointed task, there and then, to not let Void Cowboy out of his sight. When the team had split up, he'd ensured that he was paired with the teenager and Vista was sent off to help the hostages - earning himself another frustrated pulse of anger from a fuming Vista that hadn't managed to think of a reason to stay together with the vigilante fast enough.

He could take her anger. This was important. This was how he had chosen to contribute. He was the only one that was ready for the mask to slip. It wasn't just about his team either, it was about the Tinker they were moving to confront. If he was left alone with her... they'd probably be left with nothing but a corpse. And that wouldn't just be bad for general heroic reasons, but also specifically because of the threat of a dead man's switch. He needed to be there to both protect and attack this potentially-vulnerable Tinker. If anyone was going to fall victim to the barely-restrained violent-tendencies that practically dripped off of the supposed hero, it was going to be him.

Things didn't quite go as expected. The Tinker was more prepared than any intelligence had led them to expect. Openly psychotic and violent. She had far more in reserve than anticipated, certainly not just a regular pushover once confronted in person. Void Cowboy had actually saved his life. Not out of kindness or comradery, but in a bland, near-emotionless way like he was ticking off an objective on his to-do list and feeling mildly annoyed at the effort expended to do something so minor - the omnipresent contempt that seemed to be there whenever he looked at Gallant never shifted for a second, even as he donated a speedster power to help him escape the ambush.

Gallant... wasn't sure how to take that. But, in this case, Void Cowboy's desire to engage the Tinker in combat was genuine - and helpful to everyone else in the building. He'd made a beeline to his costume, the hostages had been saved and he'd managed to score some hits on the drones flying around to help in the fight himself. He was feeling better about his utility. The Tinker was handled. Void Cowboy had beaten his low expectations and exercised considerable restraint - even if it was tainted by the naked disappointment and boredom emanating from his body after the rush of battle had ended. The bomb was stable under Clockblocker. Those frozen on the stage were already being freed. Things were looking up.

That summarises the situation up until now - this very moment.

The point where, naturally, things had all gone to shit. The entrance of the Undersiders, barely allowing even a few sentences of conversation before racing towards Bakuda - attacking anyone in their way. The frantic, agonised warnings from Triumph that Lung was already in hot pursuit of the lesser-known gang and nobody was in good enough shape to stop him - the begging for them to just step aside, reluctantly conveyed as a 'run away if you're a gutless coward' by Shadow Stalker. The slow realisation that they were in a completely unenviable position, to stand aside and let Lung through - spelling the death of the Undersiders, the complete victory of the ABB and placing themselves as the new 'hostages' of the scenario. Or, getting played like a fiddle and squaring off against Lung - hoping to buy just enough time for reinforcements to arrive, the Undersiders to leave and the rest of the ABB Capes to be secured away somewhere safe.

But the choice wasn't up to him. It was already made. The howling, swirling bloodlust and competitive spirit at his side tells the story for him before the first mocking taunt escapes from Void Cowboy's mouth - for a moment, he considers slamming the younger teen with a blast of some kind of calming emotion... but he isn't even sure that would work. After all, he seemed both capable and willing to dive into combat like it was just boring routine - and he certainly didn't want to give him the excuse he needed to direct his violence towards the Wards.

Nor did he expect to have much luck convincing his teammates, not with Kid Win giving frantic progress updates on how quickly Armsmaster would be freed, with Vista practically glowing with the desire to show off, with Aegis and Browbeat psyching themselves up for battle as if the suggestion to stand aside had never been uttered, with Shadow Stalker saying...

Ahem.

He's going to ignore Sophia's comments about the size of his genitalia and what she's going to do to him if he 'chickens out now' and lets Void Cowboy fight to the death alone. He probably shouldn't be surprised that she's a fan of his methods. Was Browbeat the only female Ward that actually had good taste in men? Maybe he was speaking too soon on that, but she seemed like a sensible girl. It would be fine.

Probably. Maybe it would still be a good idea to give her an introductory crash course on the sizable list of incidents and injuries directly caused by Void Cowboy on his 'friendly patrols', and maybe a few of his worst posts on PHO too. He might not be able to satisfactorily warn people about Void Cowboy via his power, save for a few quiet discussions with Armsmaster or Director Piggot - but helping people realise the truth of who he really was? That the friendly persona was just a mask, tossed aside whenever it didn't suit him? That was just common sense. The PRT might want to play things slow with him because his power might be useful, but Gallant will be damned before he lets anyone - anyone - look at his friends and colleagues like that and decide not to do anything about it.

Breathe in. Breathe out. He's getting distracted. Which was bad, because right now - the enemy right in front of him wasn't Void Cowboy. It was the man-turning-dragon that was racing across the room, alight with both the metaphorical flames of ego, wounded pride and fury - as well as the literal flames that blasted them with heat from across the room, only compounding with the building inferno the fire-breather had made parts of the building into already. Lung, the nigh-unstoppable force of nature that had stalemated the wider Protectorate for years now - and had clearly already knocked Dauntless and Triumph out of the fight to even reach this point.

"I have him." Vista's excited tone echoes in his ears through the comm-piece. "Stay back!"

The ground in front of the group buckles, then curves as if forming a bowl - the loping charge of the half-transformed Lung stumbling as the ground turns uneven, then into a near cliff-edge. Gallant peers over the edge and fires off a half-hearted string of blasts at the centre of the pit. A deep pit, one that had neatly merged itself with what seemed to be some form of basement or perhaps a maintenance tunnel. It's a good idea. After all, the best method of fighting Lung is simply not to fight him - forcibly settling him into a trap like that and waiting for him to lose steam would be an excellent idea.

But Lung isn't the type to just sit around and let someone do that to him. Void Cowboy obviously knows that. There's barely even a flicker of hope, surprise or jealousy at Vista seeming to win the fight in the first move - just a steady, patient anticipation as he works on his own preparations. Vista's bubbles of excitement and pride slowly bleed away into matching strings of nervousness, the slowed rate of her power closing the lid of the trap reflecting the fact that Lung was likely clambering closer and closer to the top - interfering with her power due to his pure proximity. "No good." She murmurs, hastily backstepping. "He's coming through!"

Gallant ducks to the side as the trap all but explodes outwards in an eruption of flame and molten debris, ducking lightly behind Void Cowboy's armoured minion - batting away a questing 'limb' that tries to wrap itself around his armour and weakly pull him closer. No thank you. He pulls away from it to stand with the rest of the Wards as the vigilante who had been most keen on starting this fight-

-struck a pose and pointed his sword at Lung? Could that thing even be called a sword? Where did that even come from? It unfolded to be taller than Gallant, and Gallant was pretty sure that he had a solid year or two of growth on the vigilante. The loosely-hanging exoframe covering his suit was clearly supposed to provide support to power it, but Gallant knew a thing or two about power armour and equivalents - and he could say with one-hundred-percent confidence that the frame wasn't even being used right now as the teen waves around the oversized block of metal one-handed.

Found a Brute rating somewhere. Great. Just when he was starting to think that he had a clear weakness. And a Tinker rating. Obviously. They'd already suspected that, but it was good to have proof. There was nothing natural about that weapon, nor the glowing purple orb awkwardly clipped to his chest. And the Master rating, because that thing off to his side had never stopped growing - the limbs had become distinct now, a figure that stood twice his height and loomed protectively over the Cape.

When Lung barks out a mocking laugh in the vigilante's face in response to something he hadn't quite managed to hear, the response is immediate. The black-costumed figure lunges forward, the frame surrounding him whirring and hissing to life as Lung matches his approach with enthusiasm. As the sword winds up for a telegraphed attack, a draconic limb is raised in response - already distinctly inhuman and coated in scales.

A half-second later, that same limb practically crumples as it fails to block the raw speed and power of the initial sword swing. The sword continues through, smashing into Lung's downturned lizard-like face - the collision generating an agonising screech of metal-on-metal.

And Gallant can do nothing but watch as Lung rockets backwards - skidding and tumbling across the room, a trail of muted flames left in his wake. He turns to stare at Void Cowboy, aglow with a feeling of smugness and self-satisfaction - albeit with the same omnipresent lust for battle that had underpinned his every emotion since their first conversation outside the building. Still ready for a fight. He knows that it wasn't enough. But he seems far too happy anyway. He mimes a few test swings, the exoframe around him once-again disengaged as he does so.

"Don't sit directly behind me, by the way." Gallant listens as he murmurs loud enough for the Wards to hear. "This thing's got a... critical hit function, of sorts? It's Leet-tech. Can't control when it hits, but, uh - yeah. It slams everything into reverse. Turns my hits into a circular AOE-" What was that supposed to mean? "-and the range is way longer than just the blade. Supercharges the power too. You'll die if you get hit, so just make sure you keep some distance or stay at an angle. Pure vertical, pure horizontal - that's all it can do with that effect, so you'll be fine if you're paying attention."

Gallant hadn't planned on getting anywhere close to the blade anyway, but he dutifully backs further away. Looking at Lung slowly regathering himself, the bloodied metallic 'faceplate' that his head had transformed into - he felt it was pretty obvious that nearly anyone in the Wards would die after getting a clean hit from that. And that wasn't the 'critical hit'? He didn't see any obvious sign of a cooldown period for the Tinkertech either, the sword looked just as capable now as it did when he first saw it.

A fact that is proven as Lung finishes his regeneration and lets out a roar of challenge, loping towards them again as the swordsman mirrors the charge. There's less fury from Lung this time, a sliver of enjoyment in the aura - a sense of pride in the test of strength that was ongoing. Lung could dodge, they likely both knew that. But some twisted sense of honour demanded that strength be met with strength. This time, Lung's limb doesn't snap entirely - some scales buckle and crack, but in the end, the dragon is the one that wins the clash. Void Cowboy ducks under the claw, swings yet again at Lung's comparatively fleshy body - biting deep into his torso before kicking away with the sword as the attack stalls, his chest flashing purple as something scatters around him before he ducks to the floor - resting the sword against the ground and activating the attack yet again to spring himself back to safety.

A second later, Lung practically seems to explode - a selection of grenades erupting from beneath his growing bulk in a flash of light and fury. Lung lets out a roar of pain in response, followed by a broken, unintelligible string of words that fails to leave his distinctly-inhuman mouth in an understandable form. But already, he seems ready for another round - shaking away fragments from the blast as they cling to the scales creeping across the rest of his body.

Gallant swallows drily. He's not happy to see the display of strength from either fighter. The sentiment was likely a common one when seeing Lung shrug off attacks, but it should at least have been good to find out more about Void Cowboy's capabilities - a few more tricks unearthed that he could be ready for later.

But it wasn't making Gallant feel any better, or any more prepared. If anything, he feels more useless than ever. What, exactly, was Gallant supposed to do if Void Cowboy had chosen to attack the Wards? He'd given himself the self-appointed task of keeping an eye on the obvious dangerous nutcase, assuming that, in the worst case scenario - a few solid hits from his stronger physique and his taser would take him down, the obvious underestimation and lack of respect the teen had for his powerset working to his advantage. And, since retrieving his power armour - that confidence in his ability to handle the Cape if his tenuous control over his emotions snapped at the wrong time had only grown. The electricity in the armour would neutralise Shadow Stalker's powerset if he tried to phase through, and it was very apparent that his assumed replica of Glory Girl's forcefield was simply a shadow of the original. He could have done it.

That's what he had thought. Looking at the situation now as Lung tries to trap the blade - taking a gouge to the eyes for the trouble - it was painfully obvious that there was never a chance of that working out. He was a liability here, unable to help even when he was perhaps the only person in the world with the knowledge of what was coming.

And the worst part was that, with every passing second, his ability to warn people was slipping away. He knew that this was just a battle of egos, that the reluctance to jump into the fight was feigned and that Void Cowboy's act as a hero was simply a paper-thin mask to cover up a level of deranged psychopathy that he hadn't even seen in seasoned serial killers.

But to everyone else? This looked like genuine heroics. The bold knight, refusing to allow the dragon to pass - not to his injured and vulnerable teammates, not even to his enemies. Not swayed by fear even in the face of the most unstoppable force in the city, getting up again and again to try another angle - just buy a little more time. Vista had split off to ward away some ABB footsoldiers that had tried creeping through the hole that Lung had made in the wall, but even from here he could see the giddy pulses of light-blue and pink in her aura as she looks back at the fight. Even Aegis, Browbeat and the select few Undersiders that were visible at the back of the room arguing with Bakuda had various shades of respect coating their otherwise-varied emotional auras when he noticed them glancing at the ongoing battle.

He can't blame them. Every now and then, the thought crosses his mind that it might be a mistake - a bad power interaction. That, somehow, those emotions aren't really his. But as strange as the spikes and fluctuations are, everything else is perfectly logical, happening at appropriate times and changing in predictable, understandable ways. Everything was normal, except for the parts that he was hiding - the times when there were consequences to acting out. That was when he held himself back.

It didn't escape him that, so far, he was blaming the Cape for a thought crime. Thoughts were not actions, no matter how worried he was about his intentions. But... at the same time, this didn't look like someone restraining intrusive thoughts. There was no flash of guilty recrimination, no self-loathing or horror, no panic at what they might have done - just a moment of indulgence before a flicker of some other emotion that was never quite enough to sate the ambition lurking underneath. There was something terribly, terribly wrong with his head.

It was a terrible thought, but the problem could solve itself soon. Most Protectorate engagements with Lung ended with both sides mutually agreeing to walk away - the actual danger to the Wards if they chose to back down was relatively minimal based on his established behaviours. But in a pitched battle like this? Lung wasn't the type to hold back - and Void Cowboy's powers were known to be cheap-copies, no matter the performance he was putting on combining them today. It was more than likely that, as Lung grew to a certain point - Void Cowboy just got in over his head and ended up at his limit, dead in one blow before he realised his powers had failed him.

Gallant grits his teeth. No. As a hero, he can't cheer for a result like that - not even if he's doing it out of fear of what might happen to his teammates if the potential serial-killer-in-the-making continues to thrive.

But at the same time, there's a reason he's on the sidelines right now. Because it isn't his decision anyway. The PRT tried his emotion blasts against Lung once before, hoping that a rage dragon without the rage would be easier to handle - and once it had been proven that Lung's emotional state didn't diminish his power, and in some cases only strengthened it, Gallant had never been pulled into a fight against the man again. Even the kinetic aspect of his powers didn't help here, not at this level - good enough to knock around baseline humans, but nothing to a Brute. Useless.

He was just a spectator here, stuck to vapid observations on how Lung was still transforming. Where Void Cowboy's sword had initially crushed a limb like cardboard and left a gaping wound in Lung's overly-armoured face, it had just found itself halted in an attempt to bisect Lung's torso. That he'd managed to escape that situation was impressive, but the previous wound he'd made was already healed - already gleaming with the glint of silvery scales that continued to race across his body. All the efforts from the Protectorate to disengage and force him to shrink down when he was waiting outside were being reversed by the damage he was taking now, the steady growth of his serpentine form highlighting that the slim chance of victory from the start of the fight had already slipped away.

It wasn't purely because of his physical strength and durability. It was the heat. The flames. Void Cowboy had already been limiting himself to brief clashes before creating distance once again, but the flames had only grown hotter since then - the scorch and singe marks on his seemingly-new costume told the tale of how even the limited exposure so far had established the limits of what he could take. It was obvious - his Brute rating didn't protect him from the heat. The same reason why Browbeat had gone from looking for an angle to close in and assist, to hanging back just like him - hovering protectively over Aegis as their leader literally pulls himself back together.

This was the problem with Lung. Most Capes just didn't have an answer to the complete package.

Except Void Cowboy, again. The Cape himself might be discovering the reason why Lung was still active all these years, but that metal knight by his side was still weathering Lung's assault without much issue. Not the flames, nor the increased physicality was making a notable difference. It wasn't winning, not at all. In fact, it was being readily torn apart every time it stepped forward to intercept the dragon-man - the ready sacrifice to ensure that Lung couldn't move freely. But it did two things well - first, it pulled itself together again just as easily as it was torn apart.

And secondly, the Manton limit clearly didn't apply to it. Vista lets out another gleeful warning as the ground buckles again, the ground around Lung crumbling while he takes a moment too long to rend the knight apart - yet another pit-trap having been formed under his feet, only revealed at the last moment. It might not have been possible in a short timeframe with multiple fighters dancing around getting in the way of her power, but with only a single 'real' person to account for whenever Void Cowboy retreats she seems to be having better luck manipulating the area.

It won't hold. It can't hold. Lung isn't even recognisably human anymore. He doesn't clamber up the walls this time, he slithers - the pit walls closest to him left glowing from his mere passing.

His eyes snap around to a flare of colour appearing in the corner of his eyes. Confusion. Concern. "Kid Win, I'm seeing Armsmaster reacting to the fight, but he's not moving."

"Still working on it." The distracted voice comes back. "I was hoping I could shrink the field down enough to keep him out without switching the entire thing off with him inside - but it's just not going to work. Turning it off is a delicate thing, it's set-up like a, like a vacuum, but for time. Well, that isn't exactly right-" Gallant clears his throat meaningfully to head off the Tinker talk. "-right. Uh. I mean, if we stick with the vacuum talk - I'm just bleeding off some of the differential in how time passes to ease the transition back to real time, make sure there's no sudden, uh, explosion."

"Just do your best, Kid Win. We could really use the help up here." Aegis speaks over the channel coolly. "Does that mean he's able to hear us?"

"Um. Sure? Well. No. He could, but he's not on this channel, he's got this cool alert system in his helmet but it's something he needs to actively switch to-"

"Shut it, morons. I'll swap channels and fill him in while he's stuck in place." Shadow Stalker's annoyed voice squawks over the comms. "Just keep sitting there, looking useless. You're doing great."

As much as he'd like to issue a retort, he can't. This isn't the Empire, where he could put up a respectable fight against most of the roster - Lung was... Lung. Aside from Vista and perhaps Aegis up to a point, the best the remainder of them could do was simply avoid becoming collateral damage or future hostages.

He casts an annoyed glance at the Undersiders. They still haven't left. He's sure they aren't stalling, the majority of them have lost their collars by now - but the process is taking too long. Probably deliberate on Bakuda's part, despite the 'encouragement' from her captors. If they were gone, this situation becomes so much easier - the Wards could just leave, take the entire reason Lung was even here away with them. The fight would just end. They could engage them right now, but starting a second fight when they didn't even have an advantage in the first seemed questionable - and the overall logic of the situation hadn't changed yet.

Yet.

He turns back to Lung as another purple flash illuminates the room for a split second, blinking as he's just in time to spot Void Cowboy throwing a containment foam grenade directly at Lung's head. Where the hell did he get that? Had he robbed the PRT at some point? Was it wrong for him to hope that he had, if only to have an actual crime to point to? Lung weaves his head away, not just strong - but fast as well.

But not the fastest. Half-a-dozen other hissing grenades explode a moment later, the blur of a slightly-scorched Velocity momentarily pausing to watch his handiwork is all he can catch before the Cape is gone again - likely to return to suppressing the rioting gangbangers outside.

On most Capes, that would be enough. On Lung, at this level of his transformation? It was only enough to slow him down. The foam resists heat well, but Gallant can already see it starting to smolder and turn black in places - and Lung is physically strong enough that he can rip the foam away with the rest of the wall and keep on moving. It has limited his movement, but the fight isn't necessarily any easier.

A point highlighted by Lung opening his mouth wide and, for the first time in the fight, blasting the room at large with his fire breath. Gallant hurls himself to the ground along with Aegis and Browbeat, Vista lets out a girly shriek and propels herself upwards and away on a pillar of rock. The Undersiders barely even react, the darkness-wielder - Grue? - shifts the cloud slightly to block the stray attack that reaches them, seeming to suppress it immediately on contact.

But they weren't really the primary target. Void Cowboy was. As slippery as he'd been so far, there was no way to dodge around the concentrated blast of heat.

He'd used his shadow state, and both the sword and the frame that held it had clattered to the ground around him. Lung doesn't give him a moment to recover it, racing forward at his fastest pace yet and bringing an entirely-draconic claw down on the Tinkertech - pulverising it into pieces in an instant as Void Cowboy can do nothing but beat a hasty retreat - diving into the ground with Sophia's power and reappearing at a safer distance a few seconds later. Annoyance coats his aura at that, but half-a-second later as a followup wide-angled firebreath blasts him harmlessly - Glory Girl's forcefield? - that transitions to alarm, for a reason that takes a few more seconds to become apparent to Gallant.

The metal knight had frozen, seeming to start collapsing in on itself between one step and the next as it chased after Lung. Not a hint of movement, or any sign of the immediate recovery it had shown off earlier. The exact specifics of the power and why it had suddenly deactivated weren't clear, but without his Tinkertech and without the knight - it was clear that there was nothing left. Once Lung closed the gap again, Void Cowboy would die - and he knew it.

It's over.

But nobody told the other Wards that. With their complete misunderstanding of Void Cowboy's motives, they're inspired - irrationally willing to put it all on the line for their fellow hero in his moment of vulnerability. Aegis crashes down on Lung's elongated neck from above, while Browbeat - muscles bulging as she swells to twice her usual height - comes in to echo the attack on the dragon as he is momentarily knocked down. Gallant starts firing too, naturally. Except, his contribution isn't in trying to win - it's trying to manage Lung's response. He knows that those attacks are near-meaningless at this stage. Being able to move the dragon or force him to the ground momentarily didn't mean that you had done any meaningful damage. Gallant had a clear role here - to dull the furious reprisal that's coming, dampen the murderous response to Lung's insulted pride that would have him focus his full attention on the weaker Brutes in front of him with lethal consequences. Instead, Lung is filled with feelings of dismissive contempt and superiority. Aegis is batted aside, getting up immediately and seeking another angle - Browbeat is met with a barrage of flames and inelegantly hurled into the nearest wall while she's blinded.

After a moment of pause, Lung prowls onwards - directly towards the Undersiders. The growl of the engine serving as an unspoken promise-

Wait. Engine? That wasn't Lung growling, certainly not. Gallant turns again, just in time to catch Armsmaster diving through the air far above him, linking up with the ArmsCycle as it slams through a cracked window to make its entrance. Then, together - man and machine descend upon the flaming lizard - adjusting mid-air to ensure the first strike connects despite Lung's attempt to dodge without even needing to look behind.

"I understand the situation. Wards, stand down - reinforcements are inbound." Armsmaster's gruff voice takes over their comms. "Engaging."

The confidence is earned, Gallant knows that much. And immediately, the difference in Tinkertech quality between Void Cowboy and Armsmaster becomes apparent. Void Cowboy had a powerful weapon, but that was all. Armsmaster had everything. A defence sufficient to ignore the flames, mobility that didn't need to sacrifice any other aspect of his kit, offensive power in the halberd that was every bit as potent as the blade - except wielded with far more dexterity and skill.

Not for the first time today, Lung finds himself harried in melee combat by an elusive opponent that seems to refuse to get hit - except, this one isn't forced away by the surges of heat or periodic flame blasts. It doesn't take Lung long to realise that brute force won't work - as flame jets and basic swipes of superstrength fall short, he turns to more unorthodox methods of attack. He collapses a nearby wall and flicks the flaming debris at his new opponent - a full-body tackle with his entire serpentine bulk, knowing that any damage inflicted can simply be regenerated. Some hits connect on both sides, halberd gouging into scales while Armsmaster's suit lights up in protest at being tested by the Brute's attacks.

"Hey, Browbeat! Aegis! Uh, I guess Gallant too. Help me out." Void Cowboy is back, seeming unaffected by his close shave with death. No sign of lasting panic, fear or giddiness - nothing that seems like it might eventually manifest as PTSD. If anything, he's enthusiastic - excited. A bit of awe? Perhaps it was just the presence of Armsmaster, he was supposed to be a fan - if Gallant remembers rightly. In other circumstances, it would be a good emotion to see. In this situation, it's just another sign that something is wrong with his head. "Maybe he took the first one out with a cheap shot, but what's he going to do about the second? He even left it all in one place for me."

Before anyone can ask what he means, he marches over to the ruins of his previous blade, extends a hand over it and-

"Bro! I need that!" Kid Win's drone squawks, peering over their shoulders. Not the Ward himself, had he opted to stay with Clockblocker to work on the bomb? "Can you do that whenever you want? What are the limitations? Can I borrow you for a project-"

"I get that reaction a lot." Void Cowboy chuckles, re-equipping his weapon. "And there's a few restrictions on it. It's a charge-based system, so I'm done for the day. Aside from that, I'm happy to rent it out at some point. I'll need the next few charges myself to get back into top condition, I think I ruined my teleporter in the heat - and I've promised a few uses of it to a friend already, but I'm definitely intending to let you guys get some mileage out of it too. We're all on the same team, right?"

"Of course."/"Naturally."/"Obviously."/"Sure!" His teammates agree enthusiastically.

"I'd like to hope so." Gallant reluctantly adds, his late answer drawing some looks. "I mean, he doesn't want to be in the Wards for a reason - right?"

"Shut it, Gallant! Don't ruin this for me! You have no idea what I just witnessed as a Tinker!" The drone does a spin. "He's a Ward in spirit and that's what counts, right - right?!"

"Right. And I really do intend on joining the heroes properly at some point, just not right now."

Behind his helmet, Gallant frowns in challenge. "Too much oversight?"

"Oh absolutely. I'd never get anything done. They'd definitely panic over people getting the wrong idea about my power. Better to wait until the cat's already out of the bag, right?" He probably shouldn't have aired his real thoughts, but Void Cowboy seems to have interpreted it in his own way. "Anyway, I had an idea for Lung but it's not something I can set up easily on my own - and my knight falls apart when it tries it, but with you here, we've got a real shot at taking him down."

"I hate to break it to you, but you weren't even making him bleed at the end there - your sword isn't going to cut it. Literally." Gallant interjects, earning himself a flash of annoyance and contempt for his entirely correct observation.

"The sword was blunt at that point, and I wasn't even trying to hit him normally - I was trying for the critical hit. If it got lucky, we'd be calling Amy to come and save his life right now." A chill inches down his spine at that. Amy? Calling the Bay's top healer by her first name wasn't some wild taboo, but it did imply that there was a personal connection there - had they met? Thinking about the defenceless, well-meaning healer being stuck in a room alone with Void Cowboy at the wrong time... that could end terribly, especially with her penchant for often not even telling people where and when she was going on her hospital trips. "But, I didn't get lucky - but I've got an alternative, one that doesn't even need the frame to activate to work. See, I've got a crappy copy of Skidmark's powers. I can't make the fields in the air, but I can put them onto objects."

As he says it, his hand ghosts across the oversized blade - leaving traces of glowing arrows pointed towards the edge in his wake. Without anyone touching it, the sword inches forward.

"You see?" He continues the motion. "It's going to apply that force constantly. Always wanting to speed up. I've done some pretty impressive things to tires and balls before - because the force always follows the arrow, right? So if I hold the blade, it will always be trying to pull the edge forward and if we don't hit anything, we'll just rotate and go even faster. And faster. And faster."

"But you can't keep the blade in place while you're applying the rest of the arrows." Browbeat nods in understanding. "It would just slide off somewhere before you had gotten anywhere close to the force that the Tinkertech stuff already does for you." She holds the back of the blade with both hands. "But if we do this, you can take all the time you need."

"That's right. Honestly, I thought I'd never be able to do it practically when I found out I can't use this power on Clockblocked objects - but, teamwork does have its perks. It should be pretty weak at first, but with all three of you holding it in place it will get to the point where you can't hold it anymore. You all let go, I start spinning and then - Vista."

"M-me? Yes!" She straightens at the mention of her name. "I'm here!"

"You'll need to aim me towards Lung. I'm not going to have much control over my direction, so just try and twist the path in front of me in Lung's general direction." He falls silent, continuing to place more and more of the arrows onto empty parts of the blade - at one point requiring Browbeat and Aegis to move their hands to give him more unused space. The moment it starts to shift, Gallant joins in himself - his power-armour wasn't the best for this type of work - but he was still far stronger than an average human.

Truthfully, he isn't happy about this. There weren't any other suggestions for ways to assist, but he'd prefer Aegis to be the user of this weapon - or perhaps Browbeat. But at the same time, Aegis wasn't fitting into the support frame that came with it, and without that - it wasn't clear that the weapon would be possible to manipulate at all. Browbeat could, but she'd have to slim herself down and weaken herself to do it - on top of the obvious fact that using this would place her into melee range with an enraged Lung.

No. This had too much potential to go wrong. It was good that Void Cowboy was the one taking the risk.

A small, treacherous part of his mind was concerned that Void Cowboy could kill all three of them with a casual movement right now, it wouldn't even have to be deliberate - if the blade slipped and he applied just the slightest bit of acceleration it would come around so fast that none of them would have time to dodge. He didn't have any reason to do that, but... he had no reason to have any of the violent surges of thought that he'd been having all evening, so that didn't comfort Gallant much.

The thunder of oversized footsteps and a distant crash draws everyone's attention for a moment. The Undersiders, finally making their escape. They'd left Bakuda behind - still cuffed as she was before they'd arrived. Good. She could wait.

"It's going to go!" Aegis is the first to utter the warning.

"Alright, alright. Keep it steady." Void Cowboy mutters. "Move your hands before this touches you. Vista, get ready." He leans over the blade. "Bleurghhh." Orange drool drips from his mouth onto the blade, erupting into flame mid-air and spreading across its length rapidly. The power of, what was her name - Spitfire? Not an imaginative one, but effective all the same. Gallant pulls away, tugging back Browbeat with him as Aegis does the same. The sword slams around in an arc, shimmering through the air where there hands were just a moment prior - but before they can even register the threat, the swing is echoed again. And again.

"All you Vistaaaa~" The call comes from the hurricane of force building up, one leaving a trace of napalm-like flames in the air with every rotation. The attempt to run, then walk and then simply jump towards Lung sets him on a weaving, sporadic path that eventually veers completely off at an angle.

But even without the ability to direct himself, the decision to attempt to move vertically was working well - between Vista's efforts and the blade's rotation, every jump became longer and higher than the last. When he reaches a certain height for the first time - he doesn't float down as much as he seems to stretch directly down and across to the frenzied melee between Armsmaster and Lung - a spiralling wheel of flame clearly visible even through the distorted space of Vista's power. The impact is titanic, and this time - there's no roar of rage, no cry of anger from Lung. Instead, Gallant learns what it sounds like when Lung screams in pain.

And exactly what it takes for him to do that. The lower half of Lung's body is completely severed, and the blade had even continued through to cleave into another part of his body further up on the second full rotation - not quite cleaving through a second time, but not for a lack of trying. For a moment - Gallant wonders if that's a lethal blow. He's never seen Lung that injured himself.

Then an inferno blooms within the room. Fire. Not directed as a breath or even as a protective cloak, just a pure aura of fire in every direction simultaneously - as he blinks the spots out of his eyes, he sees nubs that seem to grow out of Lung's back. Gallant realises then, to no small amount of horror, that the answer is no. This isn't enough to kill Lung. Not at this stage of his transformation.

Armsmaster dashes to the gaping wound in the dragon, driving the reverse-side of his halberd into the injury. "Deploying countermeasures." The radio crackles again. "Wards, leave the area. Secure Bakuda and pursue the Undersiders. I will handle Lung alone. New Wave and Velocity are already on an intercept path."

"Go ahead, I'll grab our friend." Aegis murmurs. He flies forwards, scooping a scorched-looking Void Cowboy up and away from the half-molten blade and the shattered frame holding it.

"Derd igh geddim?" The teen slurs his words incoherently, costume half singed away with the other half still ablaze - something that the Wards frantically put out as swiftly as they can.

"Sure, you got him." Aegis tells him with a bemused grin. "It's Lung though, so he just got bigger and angrier. Damn good hit though."

"Ferk." The teen says, but the pulse of pride in his emotions is proof that the encouragement worked. "Germ me erm momentsh." His body disappears into smoke for a second, then reforms. A failed use of his power? It seemed deliberate, but also didn't seem to do anything.

"I'll stay here, find him a safe place to take a breather - and I'll do the same for Bakuda too. Get out of Lung's line of fire." Vista volunteers. "You heard Armsmaster, you need to go after the Undersiders - there's probably going to be a fight and you'll be more useful than me with three teams worth of people running around."

Gallant can't find the energy to shoot down that convenient excuse. This is just her indulging in her crush... but at this point, he can't even find shaky grounds to argue against it. Void Cowboy hadn't actually taken an action that would warrant his mistrust, his dazed and confused aura was genuine and there was no reason for him to try and do something right now when the net of the heroes was closing around the area. If New Wave was here, the situation with the Empire had ended - anyone that wasn't Lung making trouble at this point wasn't going to make it out.

It's logical. He still hates it.

"Fine. Let's go!" Aegis doesn't share any of his concerns, surging away at full throttle towards the distant sound of angry barking. The Undersiders hadn't gotten far. Gallant sprints after him, the ground literally warping around him as Vista gives him a boost forward.

"-uck right off, Glory Hole! If we wanted any advice from you, we would have asked. And you know what, we've taken a fair few knocks to the head this week but not nearly enough to think that an intelligent thought was going to come out of your mouth." That was Tattletale. He rounds the corner and comes across the scene - New Wave arrayed in a semi-circle blocking off the street, the Undersiders atop their three snarling dogs, Velocity kneeling loosely off to the side and Aegis already in position overhead.

"Oh yeah? I'm the one with stupid ideas? Well I'm not the one that broke a convicted serial killer out of prison for your friends and attacked the heroes. Somehow, stupid little me, has managed to avoid that kind of situation!"

"The holier-than-thou speech really works on people who had literal bomb collars around their necks until just a few minutes ago. It's working so well! Why don't you try it again, I'll take a recording - I could use something to fall asleep to tonight."

"Oh, right. You're just the victim. Tell me, what law-abiding activity did your oh-so-innocent self happen to get up to that ended with you in a situation like that?"

"Everyone! Calm down. Can we talk about this like adults?" Velocity interjects loudly. "Undersiders. We appreciate your situation is special, and I can personally assure you that we - and the law - takes such things into account. As young offenders who got in over their head, it's highly like that this simply ends in a probationary period in a Wards program somewhere. It doesn't have to be any more serious than that."

"Sorry, most of us have special circumstances and reasons to not get tied up with the law. We're not interested." Grue responds. "We just want to leave, and we're willing to offer Oni Lee as our peace offering towards that end. You know he's far more of a serious criminal than us, be sensible about this."

"We'll take Oni Lee off your hands." Brandish agrees. "That, at least, we can agree on."

"We haven't agreed to a thing yet." Tattletale snaps. "I'm psychic, you see. I know what happens here. Oni Lee is our only leverage, so if we hand him over - one of you will look the other way as the other goes after us. Here's how it's actually going to work. You're going to watch us leave. You aren't going to follow. Tomorrow morning, at nine-oclock - we'll drop a bound and gagged Oni Lee off at the police station and everyone gets to walk away happy."

"That isn't going to work, Tattletale." Velocity sighs.

"It is going to work. You think it won't, because the PRT is embarrassed and humiliated after losing across the board today? Well. Too bad. As bad as your day might have been, it's been nothing compared to mine. But you know, if we can't come to an agreement here? It's going to be a lot more comparable - because Oni Lee here is probably never coming within fifty feet of Grue again. We're going to be just fine. But he's been listening to all our conversations so he knows exactly how much his boss needs him to cause havoc right now. You'll be very, very busy if we set him loose, I assure you. Far too busy to come picking a fight with five Capes and three dogs, I don't consider us fighters but I promise we won't go down that easily." The assembled heroes bristle at the threat.

She continues, emotional aura flaring wildly in distress, fear and a growing sense of anger. "This is just game theory, isn't it? If you don't agree to let us go - I throw this problem into your laps. Everyone loses - we don't want him to be free either. But I'll bet anything we'll have much better luck escaping when you're trying to keep the murderous serial killer away from your throats. You can enjoy that. Or, you can be sensible. You can let us go, and in the worst case - you don't get Oni Lee, but tonight still ends without bloodshed. Or, best case, you get Oni Lee hand-wrapped in a gift basket and can ship him off to the Birdcage before lunch."

She pauses, looking around at the assembled heroes. "But, again. I'm psychic. You're refusing to agree to anything, because you have more reinforcements on the way. Dauntless is getting patched up already, is he? And once he's here, you won't have to compromise at all."

"Last chance. Stand aside." Grue shouts out, darkness billowing out from behind him.

"Stand down, Grue. Whatever you're afraid of about the PRT, I can assure you it's not that serious - I can guarantee your safety personally." Aegis calls out. "If you release that man, you'll share in the responsibility for everything he does from that point on - you don't want that on your conscience."

"I could say the same for you forcing us into the choice of being captured, or possibly being captured. It didn't have to be like this - but this is what you wanted." A figure is hurled off from the central dog, collapsing wetly on the ground below. Then, as everyone takes a frozen moment to watch - it fades into ash.

"Ach, you bast-" Glory Girl flails at nothing, scattering ash in the wake of her fist - a half-dozen other Capes react in the same way, Oni Lee's movement in the twilight of the streets hard to track even at the best of times.

"He's on the roof!" Gallant points out the faint emotional aura as it vanishes.

"I'm following!" Velocity barks out.

"Not exactly flying to your defence, Undersiders. That didn't work out for you." Shielder blocks the path of the lead dog. "It's over. Stand down."

The clown-guy, Regent, leans down. "Oh, is that what you think? No, he's just grabbing his favourite weapons. Plenty of his friends around to arm himself. Now, if you oh-so-noble heroes could go and safeguard all those innocent lives as you love to do-" The noise of a distant explosion races through the street. "-we have somewhere we want to be."

With that, Grue's darkness envelopes all three of the dogs completely - threatening to engulf all of New Wave as well. After a moment of hesitation, they split off - the fliers lightly pursuing above the cloud.

What a mess.

"ee- tech- clear-" Static buzzes in his ears..

"Didn't catch that, Velocity. Repeat?" Aegis is the first to respond.

"I repeat, Oni Lee can duplicate Bakuda's Tinkertech!" Velocity's voice comes sharply through the radio. "Get fucking clear right now!"

He barely has even a split second of warning as the familiar deadened emotional blur settles into the darkness of the alleyway across the street - he raises his hands, firing a trio of blasts in that direction, as much to hit the target as alert everyone else to the threat.

It doesn't matter matter. His emotional sense tracks the teleports better than anyones eyes every could. One next to Shielder, the next up above Aegis, the next in line with Laserdream and the next just in front of him - before vanishing somewhere behind him, towards the utterly destroyed building that Lung was fighting in. He's the only one to notice the grenades dropping to the street, firing off a set of blasts to at least knock them away from their intended targets.

And then, between one instant and the next, all hell breaks loose at once - as the street all around him is engulfed in beautiful patterns of purple-white fire.

---

"-d, Gallant, are you okay? Wake up already, do you need me to get Ames-"

Gallant shakes his head, clearing the lights from his vision. "What the- I'm fine. I think. Great, actually. What happened? Where's Oni Lee?"

"Gone. All of them are. Lung got too big, Oni Lee went nuts and Piggot gave the order to throw in the towel." She sounds annoyed. He peers up at her. She is annoyed. And concerned. And a whole host of other emotions. "Can't believe they just get to walk away after all of that, one day - someone in the Triumvirate is going to come down here for just one day and send them all packing. They can't keep getting away with it."

"The others? Are they okay?" He pushes himself upright.

"Mostly. Some burns and bruises. You were the worst off, but you started healing on your own. You looked- well. It didn't look good for you, but you seem fine now. Did you, second trigger or something?"

"What? No." He flexes his arm, focusing on the buzzing energy underneath his skin. "Feels like... the last time I got healed by Othala, actually. Was she around?"

"Pfft. No. The Empire-" She gives a disgusted shake of the head. "Enough about them. No, is the answer. But if it wasn't you, then I guess it was that guy - Ames did keep complaining that her hospital-buddy could hand out regeneration, I just figured he would have to do something to make it work. He's been walking around here freeing us from those crystal blocks earlier, a few people got burned and he was healing them too - kind of ironic for someone as torched as he is, but he didn't seem that bothered. What was his name again? Forgot it already."

"Hospital-buddy?" He straightens. "Void Cowboy?"

"Oh, that was it. Knew it was something stupid like that." Vicky nods. "I heard he was involved in the fighting, but, we didn't really have time to get the full details when we arrived and just - well. We just spotted the guys who broke Oni Lee out and jumped them, they set him loose and I guess he's got an upgrade or two because he never used to be that much of a handful. Usually he just tries to stab us with knives a few times and then gives up, not sure how much I like this bombing-run tactic he's going with now." She pulls a face. "The Undersiders got away too, of course. It's annoying, if we'd known that the PRT was going to let the ABB go we could at least have gotten those guys. Something positive for the day."

"I was there at the end, right as it all kicked off." He heads her off. "What about Void Cowboy." He repeats urgently. "Was Vista with him?"

His girlfriend erupts into a crooning noise. "Oh my gosh, yes. It's sooo cute, don't you think? He was just walking around, complaining about critical hits and stuff and she was hanging off his arm listening to every word like this-" She flutters her eyelashes at nothing. "-I kind of wanted to cheer for her, but I was kind of worried about you so I came here instead once I was upright again. I remember having my first crush at that age-" The smile slips from her face. "-but you don't seem so happy?"

"No, I-" He sighs. "Vicky, listen. I'm going to try and tell Piggot about this, but I've got no proof. It barely makes sense even to me. They won't believe me, they won't want to - it's too convenient to start drama over just my say-so."

"I'm listening to you." She says diplomatically. "Whatever it is, I'm here."

"Good. Because it might affect Amy too, if they're hanging around. It's Void Cowboy. There's something... fucked up, about him. Inside, I mean. Outside, everything is perfect - he does the right thing, he says the right words, he plays the part well. But inside, it's like he's a completely different person." He lets out an expressive sigh. "Just... overflowing malice, everywhere. Greed. Jealousy. Hate. Lust. Superiority. He always, always wants to fight - even in the middle of a casual conversation you'll just see his aggression spike to the moon and he'll keep the most placid smile on his face as if he didn't look like he was a half-second away from strangling someone to death. I've seen people actively in fights that aren't as high-strung as he is at a natural baseline sometimes." He waves his hands in the air. "The emotional swings, I've never seen anything like it."

"That guy? Really?" Vicky's aura matches her confused expression. "He makes some of the dumbest posts on PHO you've ever seen for fun, as far as I know - he's a dork, not a psycho. Amy can back that up, and I think she's a good judge of character too. Aegis sounded pretty complementary when he was filling us in a moment ago too. I'm not saying you didn't see what you saw, but is it possible that this is... something else?"

"I thought it could be a bad power interaction at first, but it lines up so well most of the time-" He sighs. "This is what I mean. I know it sounds irrational. You think its irrational. I'll talk to Armsmaster, and he'll say it's irrational. They'll look for explanations that suit them, because he's strong - and going to get stronger. And, what can they even do - make enemies with him out of nowhere just because I said so? It's just, so hard to explain, it's all an act to him. He doesn't mean any of it. The act, it's- it's too perfect."

His words aren't landing. He can see that even without her saying anything. She's nodding along, but there's a generally mystified aura around her that tells the truth. Some sadness, some caring. She's sad to see that he's upset, but she doesn't feel the same way herself.

He drags a hand across his helmet as if to claw at his face. "I don't know how to explain it to someone without my powers. It's all wrong. It's just wrong. I don't know, Vicky. I don't trust him. I know it doesn't make sense to you, or to anyone - but it's like having a lie detecting power, and someone saying 'I'm your friend' and 'I'm not going to hurt you' and the lie result just exposes them but they don't actually do anything. How do you respond to that? How do you warn other people, when they can't verify your 'lie detector' power themselves?"

"I see." Vicky stays quiet for a moment. "So, what. You think he's just, biding his time? Waiting to do... something?"

"Yes. No. I don't know. That's the worst bit. I know what I'm seeing, but I don't know what it means. I know he wanted to attack, he was right there - on the brink of doing it. Maybe even past the brink of doing it, and then he wasn't. Like it never even crossed his mind. What do I even do with that information. But I know if he wanted to, he could have gotten us all killed pretty effortlessly. I don't think he was working with the ABB or anything. He's just... blending in."

"Let's talk with him." Vicky decides.

"What? Now? No, Vicky. You can't tell him any of this." He shakes his head. "If I'm wrong, or if I'm right - confronting him about it isn't going to help either way."

"You can't tell me not to worry about the guy that Amy couldn't stop talking about the other day after saying you're worried that he's secretly a blood-crazed psychopath." Vicky frowns.

"That's not what I meant. And, I don't know if that's what he is." He looks upwards at the sky. "I'm just, I want to be wrong. Obviously. I'd like to just be the idiot that didn't know how his own power worked. Or joke with him about how I used to think he was a nutcase, but actually he just uses Tinkertech drugs that make his emotions display strangely. Or that he's got some Thinker power that throws everything off, and we all laugh about the misunderstanding and go home. I want that. But, it just doesn't line up with what I'm seeing."

"Then let's talk to him." She repeats.

"Vicky-" Gallant starts.

She wags a finger in the air. "I'm not saying that we pick a fight. I'm saying we hold a conversation. Say that we should get to know each other more, as fellow heroes. Ask about his plans for the future. You've only met the guy in the middle of a crisis with gunfire and explosions everywhere, with Lung breaking faces in the background and a mad Tinker running around. Things are settled now. See what he's like when he's normal. If it's something to worry about, if it isn't - either way, we can keep an eye on him in the future. Put your mind at ease a bit, right?"

Gallant looks up at her, then pushes himself to his feet. "You're right. We should do that. I'm... sorry. I've been thinking about this a lot."

"Of course I'm right. I'm a pretty girl. It's in my blood." She grins. "And, really, you've been worrying about this? Didn't you have the mad bomb Tinker and the angry lizard to worry about rather than psycho-analysing the weird vigilante hanging around the squad?"

"The Tinker didn't really last long enough to be a problem, in the main fight at least." He glances around at the devastation around them, pulsing crystals and flames that refused to be put out littered the street. It was a small miracle that nobody had died in the end. The Tinker's debut may not have gone well in-person, but their impact on the overall fight proved how much of a problem the ABB was going to be going forward. "And Lung... well. There's a certain freedom that comes from knowing you can't do anything about him no matter what. I was pretty useless back there, had a lot of time to think - and the more I thought, the weirder he looked. Just made it worse, really."

"Ah, I'm messing with you. Got to lighten up before we talk to him or you'll give the game away." She spins around and lightly floats forward. "Come on. Let's go find him."

He jogs after her. "Remember, we don't-"

"Not starting a fight because you could be wrong." She nods. "I want you to be wrong too. Amy seems to have found a friend in him, you know?"

Vicky guides him around the corner, then into an alleyway. Ahead, voices emerge - coming towards them.

"-actually, the frame is designed to manage that kind of rotational force already. It doesn't fall apart when I trigger it's little quirk, right? It's always still ready to go. It's the squishy meatsack inside that's the problem. I'd give it to my knight, but it doesn't actually do limbs like that - it just looks like it does. It would twist itself apart rather than turn. I was definitely the best choice, but at the end, I was starting to lose it a little - the G-forces I suppose. I had to drop my head and parts of my body into the shadow state, if we'd hit even a second later I'd have had to duck out entirely. Clockblocker's power and then shadow state, that would be the only way to stop it - but what a waste that would have been. My vision wasn't really doing much after I connected, but I couldn't mistake it - went straight through him like butter."

"It was a pretty impressive combo attack." Vista nods in agreement. "We should find a way to experiment with it more often, just in case we ever need it again. Maybe-" She looks up at the approaching pair of Capes and comes to a halt. "Oh. Hello."

"Hi Vista! And Void Cowboy too, thanks for patching me up earlier." Vicky waves. "We were just looking around, seeing if anyone was caught up in any trouble. You know how it is."

"There's nobody else around." Vista shrugs. "He just treated Lady Photon, she flew off to sweep the area - but this whole place was evacuated when the rumours of a bomb first came out. A good decision, in the end - there isn't really anyone left - I can flex my power from here to halfway across the block. Nobody in the way."

"Right, I guess you've been up and about helping people before we were in any shape to be up and walking. How did things happen on your end?" Vicky probes innocently.

"Oh, well - Void here was recovering from this really cool attack that we did that literally cut Lung in half-" She pauses, as if waiting for applause that doesn't come. A faint flicker of irritation that appears around her head is quickly smoothed over. "-so we were taking a breather near Bakuda, watching Armsmaster fight Lung. He seemed to be doing pretty well, Lung was actually shrinking for a while there, I'm sure of it - maybe even he was getting tired?" She shakes her head. "Anyway, long story short - Oni Lee appeared out of nowhere. We tried to stop him from grabbing Bakuda, he tried to slit my throat but Void was feeling better at that point and he was all over him - punched his arm straight through him like this!" She mimes a heart-tearing gesture with enthusiasm. "Can you imagine? It was pretty cool-"

"I can imagine." Gallant nods with a pained smile. It's an all-too-easy to picture image. Except, his imagination involves the target being his friends rather than a few annoying ash clones.

"Anyway, he tried to do it again but got hit out of nowhere right away - knocked him right into the wall, and he didn't teleport again for a bit so we realised it was the real one. Almost took him out in one hit!"

"I have a power that leaves an echo of an attack in a location, he walked right into it." Void Cowboy makes a dismissive gesture in the air. "He just wasn't respecting my growth. He's too tough an opponent to go down that easily again, and I didn't have a way to blind him - so he shook himself off and got away anyway."

Vista nods excitedly. "I was getting to that. We were going to try and cuff him, but he slipped away. He messed with Armsmaster while he was fighting Lung, and Armsmaster got mad and said 'Target has reinforcements, the window of opportunity for target suppression has closed - advising retreat to minimise material damage to the city''." She mocks a gruff, military tone. "And then Piggy said to just let them take Bakuda. I'm not sure who was more upset, her or Armsmaster."

"It's a tough day for the PRT." Void Cowboy nods. "Pretty normal when Lung makes this kind of scene though, nobody ever got fired by deciding to let Lung walk away rather than burn down the city fighting him."

"Anyway. They all left, Armsmaster left. Void decided to go and see if anyone needed healing over here, which a bunch of you did, and now we're just-" Her cheeks turn pink along with her aura. "-just taking a walk."

"I was explaining the Tinkertech sword I use, it was originally intended to be used by a mech - not a person, so it has a few disadvantages-"

"No point explaining it to me." Vicky cuts him off immediately. "Blonde. I wouldn't get it at all."

"Probably not." He agrees easily.

Vicky purses her lips. "I feel like I should be offended at how easily you accepted that." Vicky complains.

"Beauty over brains isn't a bad thing." He offers. Gallant does his best not to clench his fists. He wouldn't be thrilled about the comment even under normal circumstances. The pulsing waves of naked lust and possessiveness that came with it would have been hard enough to tolerate from civilians. From a guy like this... sometimes he hates being a hero.

She raises one delicate eyebrow. "Careful, my boyfriend might get jealous."

"Oh, that's true." A wave of an amusement, then his eyes turn to Gallant for a second. "I suppose he would. But, you surely don't need to worry - I'm sure your relationship is strong enough that neither of you should be worried about the other being stolen away by some nice compliments and a pretty face."

He's not apologetic. The storm of disgust, derision, contempt and jealousy - all topped by an edge of knowing, mocking amusement - reveals the insincerity of his words. He wants to punch the smirk-that-isn't-a-smirk right off his face.

Except he can't. Because he's too weak. Useless.

"That's true enough." Naturally, Vicky can't see what he sees. "I'm just messing around. I know I'm beautiful. A tragic curse, I know." She adjusts her tiara. "Anyway. What's your plans now, hotshot? Joining the Wards now that you've made a name for yourself?"

"No, but I might work a bit more closely with them in the future - today was a good experience. I've got a partner I patrol with, but its a very different experience to a larger team. My partner and I are pretty impressive in a fight, but we couldn't have achieved everything the Wards did today on our own. Something to think about, maybe." He shrugs. "But not until the ABB and Empire have been beaten back down. Can't let the gangs think they can get away with things like this, I'm surprised we didn't get any out-of-town reinforcements given how badly things seemed to go."

"That's always the way in Brockton Bay." Vicky nods glumly. "And you've just tangled with Lung and Oni Lee, and you're already thinking about the next fight? Isn't it a good time to kick your feet up and watch them kill each other for a bit?"

"You only need to think like that if you don't think you can win." He grins. "The Empire hasn't fought me yet. To the point that I've got some trolls making memes about my target choices on PHO. It's as much about my reputation and pride as it is about the balance of power in the Bay." He gestures at himself. "I'll take a few days to repair my kit. The costume. Link up with a few friends that I've been meaning to get a hold of. At some point, the ABB will start their campaign of retribution for all the gains the Empire has been making - and every criminal Cape in the Bay is going to have to poke their heads up above the parapet. I'll be there, cutting them down to size."

"Very heroic of you." Vicky adopts a thinking posture. He just nods in agreement. "I guess I'll have to keep an eye on you, you might not have time to hang around my sister anymore - she might get lonely, or start getting worried you only care about getting into fights."

"I'll make sure not to let that happen. I appreciate her company." He tilts his head from one side to the other as Gallant stares at the air above his head. "Though... I'll admit. I'm not a saint like her. Healing people is just an obligation to me. I won't lie, I'm more of a 'punch people to make the city better' kind of guy. I do like to fight. Honestly, I'd like to be in a fight right now - you have no idea! But, I'm kind of beat for the day. As much as it feels like a waste, I don't really have another one in me. I'll throw up if I try, I'm pretty sure. Like I said, a few more days - I'll be fighting fit, and looking for the next round."

"I suppose I can't really blame you for that, given my own preferences." Vicky looks around. "Well. We should probably get going."

"She's right. Vista, let's go - the transport is waiting for us." Probably. If it wasn't, it would be on the way soon. The important thing was that he didn't want to leave these two together. It had already been long enough.

"Fine. Whatever. I'll go on ahead." Vista mutters. "See you around, Void. We should- sometime- uh. See you soon!" She practically flickers on the spot, stretching to the other end of the alley in a single step and vanishes around the corner in the blink of an eye.

Vicky turns around to follow her. Gallant half-turns too. "Oh, Void Cowboy." He acts as if he just remembered something. "You don't have a communicator, so I'm not sure if Vista told you - the Empire completed their breakout today, the ABB escaped with all their members and the Undersiders have gone to ground too. Nobody got caught in the end."

"Oh, that sucks. I kind of assumed that was the case, but thanks for letting me know." He gets a serious nod in response.

Gallant says nothing, taking a moment to gather the waves of cheer, satisfaction and celebration emanating from the teen at the confirmation. He follows Vicky silently.

"He seemed alright. Kept staring at my tits, but if I judged people for that I wouldn't have any friends at all. Or a boyfriend, for that matter." Vicky remarks, bumping into him playfully. "What about you? Feeling better about him?"

"Worse than ever." He admits.

"Ah." Vicky frowns. "That sucks. But there's still nothing to pin on him, we can't just act rashly without him actually doing anything wrong. Actions speak louder than, uh, thoughts. Something like that?"

"I know." Gallant stretches his arms above his head. "Hey, is there any chance that he's in a relationship with Amy? I was definitely picking up feelings like that when the topic came up. Definitely different from the general lust he feels towards, uh, everyone."

"H-huh!? No. There's no way- I mean. It would explain a few things-" Vicky trails off in thought. "Gallant?"

"Yes?" He turns his head towards his girlfriend.

"I've changed my mind. No need for a trial. We've got to kill this guy." She slams a fist into her palm, generating a meaty smacking sound.

A rare smile reaches his lips. "We can't do that."

"But, my baby sister!" She whines. "Just let me break a few bones, he won't even miss them - or, just one in particular-"

"It could have just been coincidence." Gallant admits. "Like I said before, he gets some weird swings at weird times every now and then - although, I didn't see any of that when we were talking just now. Not to the usual extent, anyway. Lots of emotions I'd rather not have seen on someone who is supposed to be a hero, but not the... absurdity of mood swings I saw earlier. But it's still possible I misread it, or it was some weird chain of thought he went on at the same time as the topic came up."

"No dropping bricks on his head?" She pouts. "I'm joking, mostly." She coughs that last part.

"Even if it would make things easier, no. I'll see if I can get Armsmaster and Piggot's attention about this, but otherwise-" He trails off.

"Otherwise, it's just you and me." She nods. "That's fine. We make a good team. If he's hiding something, the best thing to do is keep him in the spotlight and wait for him to slip up. If we catch him picking wings off flies or kicking puppies or something as an outlet, we'll know he's a weirdo and pass that along to whoever needs to know - and if it's just a weird coincidence with a reasonable explanation, then he'll continue to defy expectations and just be a fairly average hero. Amy's met him at the hospital a few times, it should be pretty easy for me to lead the conversation into me meeting the guy she's spending so much time with. Especially if I make some noise about this so-called relationship. You can keep an eye on him from the Wards side of things, especially if he starts working with you more or interacting with patrols."

"Right. We'll do that. Just... be careful. The way he looked at you... I really, really didn't like it." Gallant shakes his head. "Like you were a thing that belonged to him already. The way he found the existence of your 'boyfriend' funny. The hate he had for the idea of it. The confidence he had in himself when he looked at you - I know it sounds silly, Vicky but I'm worried-"

"Why don't you think about what you're about to say first, because if you're implying that there's a chance of what I think you're implying - I'm going to get really, really upset with you." Vicky smiles menacingly.

Gallant swallows. "...right. It was silly. Forget it."

She nods primly. "I'm going to link up with Ames, and ask some pointed questions about a certain guy I just met. Maybe imply he said some things - we'll see what she says." She smiles mischievously. "Depending on what I hear... I'm still open to the brick idea."

"Honestly, if I catch him looking at you like that one more time... I might just find a tall building and join you." He lets a smile cross his face at the idea as they split apart, going their separate ways.

The smile slips from his face as Vicky vanishes into the skyline. There should be nothing to be worried about, but nevertheless - he knows he won't sleep well tonight.

One more report to the Director - hopefully, she of all people would understand.

---

Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.

You are currently logged in, XxVoid_CowboyxX

You are viewing:

• Threads you have replied to

• AND Threads that have new replies

• OR private message conversations with new replies

• Thread OP is displayed.

• Ten posts per page

• Last fifteen messages in private message history.

• Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

♦ Topic: Statement and Summary On Recent Gang Violence Outbreak - April 5th 2011

In: Boards ► Places ► America ► Brockton Bay

►PRTENE_OFFICIAL (Original Poster) (Verified Official)

Posted On April 5th 2011:

The Parahuman Response Team, working with the Protectorate and local law enforcement, is providing the following update on the series of parahuman incidents that took place across Brockton Bay today. Beginning around 17:30 this afternoon, multiple threats unfolded from several different criminal elements at once.

Firstly, the ABB launched an unprecedented and unprovoked assault on the charity event dedicated to the debut of our newest Ward, Browbeat. It immediately became apparent that this action was led by a dangerous and unhinged Tinker by the name of Bakuda, who specialises in explosive devices and is believed to be the Cape identity of the failed 'Cornell Bomber'. In her opening ambush, several heroes on stage were temporarily restrained - in contrast to public speculation, we can reassure all parties that all of the individuals caught up in the initial assault by the amateur villainous Tinker were swiftly freed by more experienced PRT-aligned Tinkers and remain in excellent condition. The Tinker issued several threats to the population within and without the building, stating her intention to take the hundreds, if not thousands of hostages for no clear purpose - and claimed to have a powerful bomb ready if opposed. We took these threats extremely seriously and issued an evacuation order and quarantine of the surrounding areas while considering our best response.

At the same time of this assault, Lung launched a vicious assault on secure PRT holding facilities elsewhere in the town. Protectorate heroes, led by Dauntless, went to combat the threat and drive the Cape away from his intended target. They were able to successfully prevent Lung from progressing further into the building, entering into a protracted battle to pin the Cape down and prevent him from reinforcing his new Tinker partner.

In addition to this, the Empire Eighty-Eight launched an assault on a prison transport to free several of their captured members. This drew an immediate response from Protectorate forces with the assistance of New Wave and an independent vigilante. This team prioritised the preservation of innocent life and successfully de-escalated the situation despite being significantly outnumbered, we thank all parties for their efforts in preventing the situation from getting out of hand in a time of crisis elsewhere in the city.

Finally, the previously small-time criminal team 'The Undersiders' assaulted a secure holding parahuman holding area and kidnapped the ABB-affiliated Cape 'Oni Lee' from detention. Due to the speed of the attack, the powers involved and the critical events requiring a response elsewhere in the city - manpower was not available to stop this attack at the time.

These events all occurred within an exceptionally narrow time-frame, indicating a combined, cross-gang effort to stretch and exhaust Protectorate and PRT resources across the city.

PRT leaders made the decision to activate the Wards to perform a limited, low-risk mission to end the hostage situation from the rookie ABB Tinker. With the aid of another independent hero, the team was able to successfully defeat Bakuda, free the hostages and their fellow heroes without issue. At this stage, both Lung and the previously-mentioned Undersiders approached the scene - resulting in a standoff and a brief confrontation. This concluded with the Undersiders and Wards escaping the building while Armsmaster engaged Lung alone. At this stage, the Undersiders released Oni Lee - who demonstrated an ability to replicate Bakuda's Tinkertech and use it to unleash a devastating bombing spree. Oni Lee's presence created immediate chaos, severely disrupted Armsmaster's capture of Lung and resulted in the release of Bakuda from custody. With that window of opportunity missed - leadership reassessed the situation and the best path forward from there.

With civilian lives suddenly at greater risk, PRT leadership ordered all hero teams to stand down and allow both the ABB and Undersiders to withdraw. This decision was made to prevent loss of life and limit additional damage. The PRT is proud and relieved to report that despite the scale of the fighting and the dangerous powers involved, no civilian deaths occurred. All injured individuals, whether hero, villain, or bystander, received prompt medical care. Property damage remained largely confined to the areas where combat took place. The PRT and Protectorate continue to prioritise the safety of Brockton Bay and its civilians. Full investigations into today's coordinated attacks, the circumstances surrounding the prison breakouts and the new parahuman Bakuda are already underway. We will provide further updates as they become available. Citizens are urged to report any suspicious activity through the PRT tip line and to stay clear of any areas still designated as active scenes until authorities declare them safe.

(Showing page 5 of 13)

►AllSeeingEye

Posted On April 5th 2011:

[Redacted by moderator]

User was warned for this post (Do not wish harm on other users).

►OurLastOffal (Cape Groupie)

Posted On April 5th 2011:

You just let everyone go? Everyone?? What was the point of you all even going to work today?

►IAmTheLaw3

Posted On April 5th 2011:

Piggot should resign for this. All three of those Capes should have been in the Birdcage on the same day that they were captured.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

Posted On April 5th 2011:

Hey, do any of the Wards have helmet footage of my fucking-amazing fight against Lung? Some random trolls in the other thread don't believe me. We're kind of buddies now, so you can share things like that - right?

►FinalBoss

Posted On April 5th 2011:

XxVoid_CowboyxX Just stop, dude. You're embarrassing yourself. Nobody believes you. You're a clout chaser. Hiding in the corner while the big boys fight doesn't mean that you 'fought Lung' or 'Saved the day'.

►AegisOfficial (Verified Cape)

XxVoid_CowboyxX Sorry dude. I asked, and I was told no. Unlucky.

I can at least vouch that Void was an immense help to us today. I don't want to spill too many secrets about his capabilities in case he's trying to keep some tricks up his sleeve, but he easily surpassed all my expectations and went above and beyond the call of duty on multiple occasions today. I appreciate everything you did today Void, I hope to see you in the Wards soon so we can work together again.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

Posted On April 5th 2011:

AegisOfficial My man. I appreciate the vouch.

FinalBoss There we have it. Suck my dick, bitch.

User was warned for this post (Vulgarity).

►PRTENE_OFFICIAL (Original Poster) (Verified Official)

Posted On April 6th 2011:

Notice: We have removed the mention of a recent series of kidnappings occurring at the same time as the above events as we now understand that this activity was unrelated. After pursuing and interrogating several suspects, our lead on the case - Consultant Thomas Calvert - was able to confirm that this was an unaffiliated, unpowered smuggling gang taking advantage of the chaos in the city to try and ransom victims back to their families for quick cash.

Several arrests have been made and the majority of the teenagers have been released to their families - although some girls have not yet been located, we are confident that it is only a matter of time before they are reunited with their families. The details of the case, as well as our remaining leads on the whereabouts of the last few kidnapping victims have been handed over to BBPD for further investigation and we have absolutely confidence that they will bring this terrible case to a close. There will be no further update from this account.

►XxVoid_CowboyxX (Verified Cape)

Posted On April 6th 2011:

Alright guys. The Bakuda thread got locked, so I'm posting it here. What do we think?

Bakuda

Primary classification: Tinker 3 (Bomb Tinker).

Secondary ratings: Blaster 2, Shaker 3.

Here's my reasoning for each rating in order. First up - Tinker. Bakuda? Total pushover. Honestly, I beat the shit out of her and I wasn't even really trying. Can you imagine me doing that to Armsmaster? Hell no. And I'm with you on that! On these forums, we lowball Armsmaster to a 7. He's actually an 8 with 9 potential, but we can have that argument another day. Anyway, the point is - these ratings are supposed to be based on threat, and we've established that the threat is nowhere even remotely close to a 7. And the Tinker rating? It's how much threat you're supposed to feel from her actual Tinkertech. The equipment. But... half of her stuff is just stuff regular gang members use! Hobby drones. Rocket launchers. Grenades that do less AOE than normal grenades. Like, how is a PRT trooper supposed to be scared of this? If it wasn't for the weirder effects and the super-bomb in the basement, I might have been forced to give her a negative number here. As it is - pretty embarassing for her. If it was me, I'd have stayed in the basement until I had something I was proud of.

Blaster... I felt like I had to include it, just because she fights at range most of the time. I felt absolutely no threat from her, let me be clear. I was just so much better than her in every way, it was almost painful. Really, I think you've got to think about this rating by comparing her to a regular loser with a rocket launcher and some pocket grenades. Is she a little above that guy? Sure. I guess. That's why we give her the blaster rating and a basic Tinker rating. She could use one of her special bombs and hit something in a way that a normal missile couldn't. Fine. But, let's be real - she's not doing much more than that. And even then, I'd argue that a rating for that special effect doesn't go under Tinker or Blaster - but under Shaker.

Speaking of Shaker: Using the bombs to get those Shaker effects? Yeah, that was pretty cool. Seemed to work pretty well, actually. She's still a pushover in a fight, but I do respect the exotic effects she'd cooked up. She could definitely sneak a win in against a strong Brute if she got lucky or caught them off guard. Deserved rating. Could even go higher, but I think it needs a better showcase than some random buildings - I'll come back to this if she turns Hookwolf into a lawn decoration and admit I was wrong.

Aside from that, what do we think about giving Oni Lee a Tinker (5) rating? I know it seems weird because he isn't a Tinker - but he really just magnifies Bakuda's tech by so much with his power. One fairly-useless grenade suddenly becomes something that can be replicated a hundred times and glass an entire street. And it's definitely a Tinker rating, because if you take the grenades away - he's just going to go back to ineffectually stabbing half of the Capes in the Bay. But with it? He's a menace. Definitely needs a bump in the ratings, looking forward to hearing all of your thoughts.

►BakudasOnFire (Verified Cape)

Posted On April 6th 2011:

[Redacted by moderators.]

User was temp-banned for this post. (Do not wish harm on other users + Vulgarity)

End of Page 5.

Logout? (Y)/(N)

(Y)
Last edited: Jun 15, 2026
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RickRoss, kurotsuki007, Inconsistent and 544 others
Tamzar
Jun 15, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Level Thirty-Five New
View content
Tamzar
Tamzar
Not too sore, are you?
JoinedJan 12, 2016
Messages485
Likes received53,871
Aug 2, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#3,733
I dance across the rooftops of Brockton Bay in a blur of speed, every footstep propelling me just high enough to leap to the next building - barely adjusting the angle of my approach to make an ever-widening circle as I scan the ground below. A search pattern. My target suspected nothing. Not realising that they were even being hunted. Not realising that I'd tracked their movements through social media, waiting for the ideal time to strike the moment their guard was down - which led me to this very moment.

There. A muted, nondescript figure settled against the wall. Costume covered by a raincoat with the hood raised, but I don't even need the challenge screen popping up to recognise the build, behaviour and the small parts of the costume visible even in the faint streetlight. I land a short distance from them silently with the shadow state, straightening up as they obliviously let out a tired sigh. Understandable, as exciting as the night had been for me - that was true for plenty of others too. For my target. Her absent bodyguards. Even the regular security making a show of force at the building entrance just across the road, trying to make people feel safe - or perhaps legitimately concerned that the violence of the night wasn't over yet.

But simple added security wouldn't stop me from reaching my target, still blissfully unaware of my approach as I complete the final steps required to reach her position. I slip closer, my longer, faster strides rapidly eating up the distance without the need to break into a run and potentially alert her. She moves closer to the wall without turning around, presumably hearing my footsteps and intending to let me pass. But I am not a simple pedestrian. I'm here for her. I pull my arm back-

Breathe.

-and strike.

"Pan-Pan!" My palm connects with Amy's ass as she jumps into the air like a startled cat at the clean impact of the hit. The outraged expression on her face turns to confusion as she turns to me, then to something indecipherable, then to embarrassment and all the way back to outraged.

"I'll make your dick fall off." She decides after a few second's of indecisiveness, hands already reaching out towards me in a vaguely threatening, grabbing motion.

"You wouldn't." I backstep rapidly anyway. "I mean, shouldn't you be jumping for joy at the chance to see me? Or, even just to thank me for all my heroics today? I don't know if you missed it, but the rest of New Wave ended up in a bit of a situation that I had to help them out of."

Her expression softens a little. "I heard about that. I suppose I can thank you for that much." A dash of red enters her cheeks. "And, did you say anything to Vicky about us- Never mind. I don't think I want to know how you stuck the idea in her head."

What was that about? I shrug and move on. "It was my pleasure." I wave her off. "Literally. To tell you the truth - my version of your power got a bit of an upgrade on range a while back, remember that? I don't need to touch the exact area anymore. Just the general right half of the body. But that fact just really slipped my mind when I was in front of Laserdream and her legs had been hit by shrapnel. I definitely enjoyed telling her that close skin contact was mandatory and that I'd need to pinch and squeeze a bit to stretch my power to check that nothing was too injured on the inside." I close my eyes and picture the scene again with a pleased look on my face. "She completely believed me, you know? Incredibly grateful, almost enough to make me feel bad and come clean, admitting that I was just taking the opportunity to feel her up and experience the appeal of a demure heroine shyly peeling away part of her bodysuit for my benefit-"

"I take it back. Die." Amy condemns me, failing to entirely suppress the quirk at the corner of her mouth.

"Hey, I still healed her! And freed the rest of them. You're only complaining because the sexually-charged reverse-nurse story I'm telling isn't about the part where I ravished Glory Girl instead." I accuse.

The responding silence stretches a moment too long. I give Amy a look, Amy has the grace to flush red - but doesn't offer any commentary other than her pointed, anticipatory silence.

"I didn't get the chance actually." I admit. Amy looks disappointed, then rapidly attempts to school her expression into an uncaring one. "She got locked up in some crystals and didn't have the leverage to punch her way out. Just couldn't find the opportunity to make my rescue sexual. Especially with the Wards watching. Particularly Gallant who was hanging around watching my every move like a hawk all evening. God, I am so sick of that guy. He hates me, I'm pretty sure-"

"He's always been a smart guy." Amy nods.

I ignore that. "-and let me tell you, I have done absolutely nothing to that guy." I complain, then amend. "Yet. I mean, yes I want to bang his girlfriend but I've genuinely put on a world-class performance as a hero today. Real action-movie stuff start to finish. He should be asking for my autograph and begging me to join the Wards like the rest of them, not sending me glares and trying to cockblock me every time I look at someone of the fairer sex. Don't think I'll forget his attitude anytime soon - I'll remember it when Vicky is deepthroating me for the first time, I'll tell you that much."

"Really trying to prove that he's a bad judge of character, hm?" Amy brings one hand up to poke me on the cheek. "And listen, just because I like the idea of it - doesn't mean that Vicky is going to be into you. She's definitely-" Her eyes take on a distant look, and her poke turns into a pinch of my cheeks. "-you idiot, I thought you could heal yourself?" Her voice takes on an irate tone. "Burnt tissue, your arm is a mess, cracked ribs and- is that part of your costume melted into your skin?" Her voice takes on a higher tone at every addendum.

"Ow." I complain about her hold on my cheek. "Really? I thought I'd fixed the ribs actually, they feel fine-"

"Answer the question!" She glowers at me even as I feel a fuzzy sensation spreading across my torso.

"Healing with the shadow state is slow, and it's really best for closing wounds - stopping me from bleeding out, you know? It isn't even really healing, it's just... putting me back together a little more accurately than I got split apart. Stopping the bleedout in process for a moment, stuff like that. Eventually putting bones back together, but it doesn't really convert from 'burnt flesh' to 'healthy flesh' as quickly as it does everything else." I make a vague motion at the air with my hands. "And actually, in some of the places I got burned - I couldn't really feel it that much anyway until I started using the shadow state. It just made it worse, so I figured: Why bother when I can go see Pan-Pan in a few hours?"

"Don't say it with that stupid, self-satisfied expression on your face!" She still hasn't let go of my cheek, in fact, she's just pinching even harder now. "Burns not hurting is a bad thing. Bad! If they started hurting after you started to heal them, that just means your nerves got fixed and were telling you that you were seriously hurt. And coming to find me after a few hours? How about, right away? Burns can kill you, you know that right?" I do. But I wasn't close to that kind of level. "I would have come to you if I had to, New Wave owes you one - they wouldn't have minded taking the time to taxi me around to return the favour. And my name isn't Pan-Pan!" She pulls on my cheek again. "And even when you did see me, did you ask for some emergency healing? No. You just appeared out of nowhere to molest me in the middle of the street, while you were in pain - just, what, to look cool?"

I blink. "I haven't even started to molest you yet." I object.

She stares at me in silence.

I clear my throat. "I mean, I was going to get to that part pretty quick-"

"I heard the 'yet'." She snips testily.

"Just checking." I appease her. "And, I mean. I don't know what to say to all of that really. I like to think I'm a pretty good judge of what kills me and how fast these days, I knew I was going to be fine - and the shadow state is slow but it still works. Something needs to be actively killing me for me to be worried, if I survive the first, like, ten minutes without going unconscious - I'm going to be fine. My pain tolerance is pretty good, don't worry about that. I've got some aches and pains right now but I'm feeling pretty normal actually." I tick off each point on my finger. "Pan-Pan is a great name, making up names is just something I'm naturally talented at - you should be honoured. And, yes. I did look cool. Thank you for confirming." The pinching of my cheeks sharpens. "Ow! Nails! Nails!"

"Sorry, Mr Pain Tolerance. Didn't know something as little as that would be a problem for the super-tough Void Cowboy." She drawls.

Touché. I shrug and reach my arms out, hands sliding under multiple layers of clothing to rest against her skin. She frowns at me, then rolls her eyes and moves her arms to allow me easier access as she continues to work on healing me. I fumble with her overly thick, multi-layered costume for a moment, before neatly resolving the situation with an application of Parian's power. She doesn't protest as part of her costume splits apart at the seams under my touch, so either she doesn't care or she's successfully been distracted from the logistics of where my hands go and how they got there.

"Not the right place." She protests instead. "The hospital entrance is right there. If anyone walks out and looks this way-"

"They'd cheer you on and say you deserve it." I squeeze with one hand. "Worried about being judged for being in a relationship as a Cape? I'm surprised, given your family-"

"No. I'm worried about being judged for being caught fucking in a dirty alleyway a stone's throw away from where my respected colleagues are working, in the aftermath of a major gang attack." She corrects crudely. "There. All healed up. Come to me right away next time."

I adopt a scandalised expression. "Fucking? Is that where your dirty mind was going with this? I was just helping you to get skin contact for your power to work, I didn't realise that your needs were so-"

"Don't even joke around to the person who can literally sense every possible aspect of how horny you are right now." Her feet shuffle for a moment as she looks embarrassed at her next words. "I'm not saying it's a problem. Just, there's a time and a place - right? You know that, you couldn't keep those other girls interested in you if you kept propositioning them in run-down alleyways like this."

"Cute." I tease. "And, for the record, those girls are usually the ones throwing themselves at me in dirty alleyways. All the homeless and drunk guys have a point, right? It's just logistics, it's really easy to find some quiet, dark area of the city with no cameras or foot traffic - but kind of difficult to find a nice bed without navigating through cameras, door staff or someone's house all with masks on throughout. And even if that wasn't the case, Arachne and Shadow Stalker are both the type to demand action on the spot when they get emotional about something."

"I don't need to know details like that! And I feel like you shouldn't be naming any names to me either!" She attempts to sound authoritative, but by this point - I've fully opened the front of her costume and have each of my hands occupied with massaging her chest. Impossible to look intimidating from that kind of position, especially when she shows absolutely no resistance to any of my advances. No, all she does is inch further away from the light - deeper into the alleyway and away from any pedestrians that might exit the hospital and look around.

"I think it's important to flex my superheroine-banging credentials to you every now and then, just to remind you that Glory Girl is still on the target list." I wink. "It's fine, I know you won't tell anyone. Doctor-Patient confidentiality. It's a legal thing, I think." I give her a roguish smile as I bend over to kiss her to interrupt the heated retort that always when I misrepresent some aspect of her day job.

"Does not apply in this case." A slightly mollified Amy mutters to herself.

"Plus, I'm not unconvinced you didn't mostly know already, given all the information your power gives you. And, honestly, I trust you with that information anyway. At some point, I'd like to introduce you to the others - and not in a professional context. They all know that there are others, but in the long term - it's probably just healthier for my girls to know each other rather than leaving it all in the shadows." Not just as a sex thing, but as a... life goal, kind of thing. I was serious about a harem. I had to be, with my powers being what they were. While there was likely to be a certain element of hiding some relations and bits of information from some people, I had no intention of trying to maintain an ever-growing web of scandalous, clandestine meetings between dozens of women hoping they never decided to dig into the others. The Trio and Taylor was evidence that that level of drama wasn't the path I wanted to take.

"You can just say that you just want to fuck some of us at the same time." She rolls her eyes at me as we both redirect our gazes to watch another part of her costume unravel under the effect of Parian's power. Well. Of course she would think that. She still thinks I'm just a playboy that lucked into my current situation - and that my dreams of expanding the 'operation' were just dreams and idle boasting.

"Eventually, maybe." I shake my head emphatically. "No, definitely. I have a promise to keep after all - you and Vicky. I'm going to make that a reality. I'm getting stronger and more awesome all the time. A few more days like today and-"

Wrong thing to say, her expression sharpens at once. "No!" I blink at Amy's firm refusal. "Stop thinking like that. Today was bad. Don't think I've forgotten that you decided to pick a fight with Lung just because I haven't yelled at you about it yet. Some terrible flirting and groping in a back alley isn't going to make me forget that you could have died."

"But I didn't, and I got a bunch of powers out of it. And not just that, this isn't some casual brawls on a patrol - this has cemented my reputation across the city. With villains, with heroes, the Wards - and especially the rest of New Wave. You should be especially happy about that last one-"

"Stop it!" For some reason, that only makes her angrier. Cute. Sexy-cute, because her tits are still exposed and the flush of arousal can't be quelled even by a new flash of annoyance at me. "I don't care about that! You're worth so much more to me than just the possibility of getting with Vicky by proxy one day. You're a fellow hero. Another healer. The only person in the city I can trust that I can talk to about my powers - my real powers, my feelings for Vicky, the... difficulties with my family, how I really feel about healing - all of it! And I actually like you! Somehow. The Vicky thing is just a bonus that probably won't ever materialise, if you gave up on it tomorrow - I would still be happy with this. With you!" She brings her head forward to rest under my chin, her chest pressing into mine. "If you died chasing some stupid goal, I'd-"

"-be incredibly sad and cry yourself to sleep for months. Back to the boring old normal. I get it. I'm sorry for being too lighthearted about it." I appease her, feeling a little bit bad in the face of something a little more heartfelt than I was expecting.

Amy shakes her head into my chest. "No."

I wait for her to continue, but nothing more comes. "No?"

She breathes into my chest for a moment. "No." She repeats, the word notably muffled. She pulls back slightly, eyes coming up to meet mine - and this time, there's a hint of something I haven't really seen there before. Not in real-life, at least. Coincidentally, I'd seen the look before - on another Amy's face that had decided she didn't want me to die, whether I objected or not.

Now that I think about it, maybe I should make less jokes about my mortality to this girl. "You're right. That would never happen." I start defusing whatever dark thoughts were brewing in her head. "I was just saying that I got a whole bunch of new powers today. I'm getting stronger, that's all. You could say that I've become safer than ever. I know I'm mortal - I'm not intending to suicidally throw myself into danger just for a potential mild benefit. I love my life, and my girls and my powers and I'm not going to throw all of that away. Okay?"

"Okay." She mumbles. Speech check, fucking passed. Natural twenty. "And you'll come straight to me the next time you get hurt?"

"If it's serious, same as before." I nod. I wince as her eyebrows slam together in a sharp frown. Natural one. All things are equal in RNG. "I know, I know! You wanted me to come to you earlier for this too - I knew that it was okay this time, but next time-"

"You didn't know that! You are not a medical professional! You're not even a medical amateur!" She glowers at me. "New rule. You get injured, I decide if it's serious or not!"

"We've got to be a little bit reasonable here." I take on a soothing tone. "I can heal myself with the shadow state, remember. Even this would have been fine in a few hours, I don't want to get in the habit of waking your family up at 3am just because someone threw me into a wall and broke some ribs."

"That's exactly the kind of thing you should get me for, you have no idea what other damage could be there. You could have a concussion, impaired mental judgement, internal organ damage-" She cuts herself off. "Besides, I think my family would understand a late knock on the door for a bit of potentially-life-saving treatment on the person who just bailed them out of their troubles with Tinkertech explosives." Amy huffs, cheeks turning a little red. "-And, even if you didn't want to bother them - you could have just contacted me directly. I answer my phone. And you could slip in and out through my bedroom window without anyone noticing and causing a scene if you really wanted."

I tilt my head. "That sounds like the perfect way to raise a scene. Aren't there, like, special cameras and intruder alarms all over your place?"

She tilts her head back at me. "No?"

I blink. "Then, Thinkers from the Protectorate that can detect when people enter your house-" Amy shakes her head, a look of confusion on her face. "Pre-cogs that warn you in advance of home intruders and attacks-"

"It's a house! We live there! WIndows! Walls! Front door! What's unclear about that!?" Her eyebrow twitches at an impressive rate.

"So you mean, anyone could just... sneak in and there would be no consequences for that?"

"Why do I feel like you're taking offense to this?" Because I am. I had a whole thing about ways to discretely spy on your family to get powers, ignoring the possibility of just poking my head out from the attic entirely because there had to be SOMETHING that would stop me from doing that. I was being smart at the game, and now it turns out they weren't even playing. Of course I'm a little annoyed. "Literally every single one of us has powers. Safe to say that I can think of a few consequences to some unwanted pervert getting caught."

"But a wanted pervert on the other hand..." I nod in understanding. Normal people would say thank you. Instead, I ignore it and continue my assault of the grumpiness of Fort Panacea. I swoon on my feet. "Oh my, thinking about it - I just got invited to perform secret nighttime activities in Panacea's bed! Oho, the lewd tales in the adult fanfiction corner of PHO that will arise from this! I can just picture dozens of my most deviant fangirls writing up their sauciest plotlines already. They were probably already doing that, but now you'll be included - you should feel honoured, really. Smutty fanfics really are the truest marker of popularity as far as I'm concerned."

"They definitely weren't doing that. Even Arachne has more relevance there than you." She stops herself, then shakes her head. "I mean, as I was saying - we wouldn't be doing anything of the sort! My parents are the next door over!" She snaps hastily. "Quick healing, in and out-"

"Oh there'll be some in and out alright- Wait, how do you know so much about the darkest corner of PHO?" I do a double-take. Amy stares back at me, cheeks flushing a dark red. "Pervert."

Amy suddenly finds herself on the defensive in the conversation. "I googled my own name! It was in the results-" She insists hotly. Too hotly.

"No, no. Nobody believes that. It's like saying your friend added a porn site to your internet history as a joke when you get caught. Just own it. You're in good company. I understand." I shake my head. "Actually, now that I think about it - we probably share a lot of literary interests. As a standard-issue straight guy, the rare confirmed sister pairing is something I'd zero-in on like a shark sensing blood in the water. And you, well, you'd obviously be interested in seeing exactly the same thing. Panacea x Glory Girl. The forbidden love angle-"

"Stop talking." Amy groans.

"-but maybe the fans would be disappointed if they knew it wasn't real incest-"

"I will make your dick fall off." She threatens futilely.

"Nuh-uh." I shift my active power to match hers, just in case.

Her eyes sharpen as she notes the Manton Limit blocking her plan of attack. "I will hurt you in other ways." She promises.

"I'm sure you will." I allow indulgently. "But let's get back to the important things. What's your favourite story? Maybe we could read it together, think of ideas for how I should play things once I bring Vicky around-"

Amy glares at me impotently, then - oddly, relaxes and smiles serenely at me. "You really want to know? My favourite one? You're sure?"

"Absolutely!" I enthuse. "I'm open to ideas. And, to be honest? I think your sister would be the type to indulge you in your fantasies if she knew you were into it."

"Fine then. Here I go. I'll refrain from spoiling the title, I think it will make the story better." She smiles to herself, then clears her throat. "So it's late, right? All that time in the hospital. And I'm really stressed, and I need a way to blow off some steam." I nod along as she talks. "I go to Vicky, and I ask her if she has any advice on how to help me get my mind off of things. She says that she knows exactly what to do. Later that afternoon, she invites me to her room - strips me down, ties me up and moves me to the bed-"

"Now we're talking. I'm surprised though, going straight for the smut? I expected some kind of drawn-out, slow-burn romance, defying the parents to discover your true feelings-"

She grins widely but doesn't respond to that. "So, things start to get heated - but it's clear that Vicky is just warming us both up. She goes to the door, and introduces the real star of the show. It's Gallant, from the Wards."

The smile slips from my face. "Wait-" I interrupt in protest.

She continues, ignoring my protest. "The oh-so-handsome knight we're all familiar with." She nods in delight. "And this particular knight has a truly impressive sword-"

"This is an NTR story!" I complain loudly.

"I haven't even gotten to the best part yet!" The devil tells me. "You know how he can shoot emotion blasts? Well. Lust is an emotion. And turns out, he doesn't need to fire those blasts through his suit or his hands - there's one particular organ that also works- mmf!" I cover her mouth with my own. She's too dangerous to be allowed to talk further. Amy doesn't seem upset at the intervention either, eyes dancing with smug satisfaction that indicated she was knew that she had won the exchange. Which she had, if I was to be honest.

"I knew that fucker was up to no good." I grumble as we break apart for a moment.

"You seem to be taking this a bit too seriously." Amy sounds as bemused as she is triumphant. "Are you really going to let yourself get jealous of a fictional Gallant?"

"Yes." I decide, sliding another layer of clothes down from her shoulder. "From my interactions today, he's really got it out for me - I can't rule it out as something he wouldn't try if he got the chance."

Amy rolls her eyes. "Lucky for you, I can. That is absolutely not even close to the kind of guy he is."

"You weren't there today. He was- I don't even know. He really had it out for me, and I'm not sure why. I've been thinking about it for hours." I massage her exposed chest with my hands, and making room to allow Amy to do as she wanted with my costume too. That brief protest about the location was just a show, we'd both silently agreed that we'd be fucking here and now - we were just taking it slow while the conversation continued. "You should have seen how he was acting. He left me alone with Vista with so much reluctance like he was expecting that I'd be trying to hide her body next time he saw me. Then when I go ahead and help New Wave after hearing that they got hit by Oni Lee and his new arsenal, does he finally start to appreciate me? Nope. Not even a thank you. He was like that all evening. I swear he put more effort into stopping me from being useful than he did into fighting the ABB, nobody does that for no reason. I was thinking that maybe I got on his nerves on one of my patrols somehow. Maybe he has a criminal friend that started telling tales about the circumstances I broke his arm in?"

"Seems unlikely." Amy pulls me close and shifts her hips. Left, right. Left again. My lower half throbs with need, and it's hard to tell how much of it is my natural reaction to the now half-naked healer urging me on and how much of it is her power deliberately pushing my buttons. "Knowing you, you probably said something insensitive or dumb right at the start and didn't even realise." Amy surmises.

I pout as Amy shimmies my pants down, the movement a little awkward from her position - but neither of us are in a hurry. My shaft springs free to press firmly against her bare skin as I continue the conversation. "You're already on his side and he hasn't even said a word to you personally yet. I'm feeling more justified in my concerns than ever right now."

"Hardly, I think I've just interacted with you enough to know that you just say things sometimes." She leans her head back against the wall and closes her eyes, her hips shifting again - this time with a more insistent intent. "And are you really going to accuse me of being on Gallant's side? I've been jealous of him for far, far longer than you, in case you needed reminding. And I've worked with him on more than just a single, unusual evening. I think I've got a better idea of his personality than you do. Trust me, he is not interested in the same kind of relationship arrangements that you are. As much as I hate his guts, that guy is committed."

I snort. "Let's not give credit where it isn't due. It's not that he wasn't interested, it's that he knew his own limits. I mean, it's right there. 'Guy'. It's obvious he wanted the threesome, he just never imagined it as a realistic option that wouldn't come crashing down around him later. Trust me, I've got years of experience as a teenage male. He's thought about you two like that before, he was held back only by the fact that he didn't know how freaky you were, and that Vicky would probably break him in two for suggesting it." I smile as she grinds into my lower half as I hold her in place. "Besides, it's pretty natural for me to get defensive at the idea of him stealing you away - when I'm planning to do the same to him and Victoria. We're competing, in our own way."

"I still say you're wrong, but even if you weren't - seems a little hypocritical of you, if you ask me." She raises an eyebrow wryly. "You have me, and want to add Vicky into the mix. Is it so wrong for Gallant to have Vicky, and want to add me in the mix?" Her expression tells me that she already knows the answer, but is content with needling me anyway.

"Absolutely illegal. Pointing out that I'm a hypocrite doesn't change anything about what I'm going to do."" I affirm. "What's right and what's fair doesn't come into it. Not in this. You're mine now. I'm not letting you slip away, no matter what. That hypothetical Gallant? Just because I understand him as a man, doesn't change the fact that anyone threatening to take you away from me is going to disappear."

Whoops, a little too bloodthirsty perhaps. Amy might have four challenges down, but she is still the soft-hearted healer of the city at heart. I probably shouldn't be too honest if I can help it. Although, with my heroic reputation - I could easily spin it to mean something less murderous if she protests.

A smile appears on Amy's face, matching with her oddly-intense gaze into my eyes. "The feeling is mutual."

Looks like there's no need. Although her statement is a little ambiguous, I'm pretty sure that she's referring to the 'won't let you slip away' part. That's sweet. A little dramatic, maybe - I'm not vain enough to consider myself irreplaceable by any of my girls. I'm the obvious best-choice for a boyfriend thanks to my challenges, enough to make a harem work - but if I ended up dead or in the Birdcage there would be a brief mourning period and then they would all move on in their own way. I'm touched by the sentiment all the same though, even if it's just words.

Her finger taps against my bare chest once. "I'm just winding you up anyway. Even if Gallant walked in tomorrow proposing that exact scenario, it just doesn't work for me."

"No?" I raise an eyebrow at that.

"What can I say? You've made me greedy. I don't want to give up what I have now." She sends me a wry smile as her hands glide along my shaft. "Hah. Even if Gallant wasn't in the picture at all, and Vicky just wanted to fuck - if only I broke up with you? I couldn't do it. Do you understand how crazy that is for me? I've been sitting on this- this thing, for so long now. Vicky has always been trying to drag me on double-dates, thinking that the right guy will fix everything for me. And she was actually right. Except, my right guy isn't fixing anything - he's happy with all of the worst parts of me." She smiles. "Not to mention - here's me, following her advice to find the right guy - but if she saw us in this position, she'd be horrified. Her cute sister isn't supposed to be lewd."

"Don't worry, I won't leave her much room to judge - she'll be bent over right next to you before you know it." I grin.

"Mhm. I hope that's true." Her mouth meets mine again as she swings herself up and locks her legs around my waist, then sinking down onto my length by deliberately wiggling her hips. "But if you can't, it isn't a big deal. I've got you, you've got me. And as a small bonus - if what you've said is anything close to accurate, that fact alone is going to drive Gallant crazy." She stops talking for a moment, mouth parting wetly as she sinks fully down onto my shaft. "A-and, honestly, I still think your version of events is missing something - but I can get on board with one thing: Fuck Gallant."

"Fuck Gallant." I agree. Except, my idea of 'Fuck Gallant' is far more literal than whatever she is thinking right now. As spiteful as I may be feeling right now, I already had plenty of evidence for how easily my perception of someone changes the instant they get a pair of tits and a healthy attraction to me. If I do get any 'revenge' for this feud he seems to have started with me, it's going to be very short-lived - because Gallant isn't strong. Not at all. I could credibly clear him out in a single meeting if I didn't need to split my challenges across other people and my self-imposed rule to keep my challenge progress gated behind real-life interactions. Actually, it's very, very possible that it ends up in the reversed situation to my initial thoughts - fem-Gallant bobbing on my dick crying about how she's being unfaithful, and a teary Glory Girl coming after me in revenge only to end up kneeling right next to her old partner.

Hot. I've said it before, but turning my enemies into sluts for my dick really hits something primal inside me. I'm throbbing just thinking about it.

Fortunately, I've got a good outlet for that feeling. Amy wraps her arms around my neck and presses her naked chest against mine, her hips moving in my grasp at a slow and steady pace as - with a little help on my part - she works herself up and down my cock. The sensation of filling her up entirely is as incredible as ever, almost suspiciously so. I've never asked if she does anything 'under-the-hood' to make things better, and I don't intend to either. If a girl wants to use her powers on me to encourage me to fuck her better and harder, she can do that all she likes. I trust her. I've been open about encouraging her to use her power in every fun and different way she can imagine, and the idea is definitely appealing just on its own - that with potentially complete control over my body, the only thing she wants with it is to help me thoroughly ruin her even harder. I set her against the wall, taking a more active control of the pace - thrusting harder and deeper than her lighter motions from before.

"R-right there-" She gasps out. "Void-"

No need to ask. My hands are already sliding down her body and gripping her thighs to pull her closer with every thrust, and she reacts beautifully. Her eyes flutter shut, the breathy sounds she makes becoming almost constant as she hangs off of my neck for dear life. With every thrust, her breathing goes more ragged, her legs grip my waist tighter and her hips tremble in a way that makes it very clear that she's approaching her limit. I kiss her neck, her jawline and anywhere else within reach as I feel the moment arrive, her body tensing and shaking as her orgasm washes over her in a rush. I hold her in place while she rides out the high, keeping up my own pace without stopping for an instant.

For another girl in the same scenario, I could have kept going for some time. Drawn it out, seen just how much of a puddle I could melt her into before I was done myself. No time pressure, nowhere else I needed to be. But, Amy is different. Amy is Panacea. And while I'd tagged into her power briefly as a half-joke a few times during the conversation, I hadn't felt the need to keep it up. Coupled with our obvious skin-contact, her power had free-range over me. A fact that she makes very clear just a moment later.

"Cum." She half-whispers, half-orders into my ear. Any hope of self-control evaporates upon hearing the single-syllable word. The pleasant buildup that I'd been enjoying up to this point, abruptly transforms into a white-hot crescendo of lust and pleasure. A climax not achieved through patience and repetition, but from the skilled hand of an artist carefully crafting the perfect sensation. I don't just cum, I practically detonate - emptying myself into Amy with more force and quantity than I even knew was possible for me.

It's a rush that almost leaves me dizzy as the feeling flows through me, but it isn't just the peak of the sensation that's unusual - it's the way it just continues. The way it maintains that period of bliss that usually lasts for just a few moments into something that leaves me scrambling to take advantage of, slamming full-throttle into Amy's slit to wring out every new drop of sensation possible from this state of heightened sensitivity - and Amy matches that needy energy with equal fervour, the architect of this situation eagerly offering up her own body as the solution for my relentless demand.

Eventually, it all draws to an end. I'm not entirely sure what the limit was, whether it was Amy deciding that there was a certain limit to how hard she should pull certain levers in my body or if it was simply that Amy had hit her own personal limit for what she could take - either option was plausible, Amy hadn't formed a coherent word for the last several minutes and I was slowly coming down from my sex-crazed high into a post-coital bliss I don't think I've ever felt before.

We separate slowly, I use my arm to keep her steady and upright against the wall as she sends me a dopey, pleased grin.

"That was different." I understate. "I could get used to that, if I wasn't worried about becoming a useless addict."

"There could be worse fates." Amy hums as she runs a finger down her body. Another unusual thing about fucking her, her body can clean up the 'evidence' fast. Anyone else would be leaking and dripping right now, but aside from the shaky legs, messed-up hair and her uncharacteristic expression, Amy looked like she'd just had a mild workout and decided to strip off to cool down.

"True. But a lot of my charm comes from the things I do when not getting laid, I can't go spending all my time living out some hentai plotline in real life." Yet. "Besides, I think I'd like to see your face when I get a power that can do that back to you one day."

"I don't think you need the help." She drawls.

"And you do?" I question with an eyebrow raised. "I left as a satisfied customer last time, if I remember rightly."

Amy coughs and looks away. "I thought I should try something special, as a way to say thank you on behalf of New Wave. From what I heard from them, I didn't get the impression they really thanked you properly for helping them out before running off - I'm just... averaging it out."

"I didn't think it was an issue. I get it, they're heroes. They wanted to see if they could catch the ABB while they were still around." I wave a hand dismissively. "Besides, I wouldn't consider it a debt to be repaid anyway. And even if it was, I've got a nice idea of how Laserdream and Glory Girl would look thanking me properly - you wouldn't steal that from me, would you?"

"Including Crystal now? Ambitious. Although, thinking about it - it's probably more achievable for you than Vicky, at least there's no competition to fight off first." Amy muses.

"Now? I was always including her. You were just tunnel-visioning on Glory Girl so hard that you didn't pay any attention to the obvious fact that I want to make every single woman in New Wave mine. Yes, that includes Brandish. Yes, that includes Lady Photon. Yes, probably at the same time."

She sends me a flat look. "If you weren't always this delusional, I'd check you over for head injuries. You're nice. You're funny, somehow. You're attractive. I don't think it's at all a coincidence that you're sleeping with multiple Capes right now." Amy shakes her head with a bemused look on her face. "But, come on. The belief in yourself needs to find a limit at some point. Both of them are married. Happily married, with kids."

"So little faith." I tut, shaking my head slowly in disappointment. "And here I was going to ask you if you'd prefer a brother or another sister."

She pulls a face at me as I fully slip back into my costume. "Congratulations, you made it weird." Amy bends down to the street level, picking up her scattered clothes. "What a mess. Here." She waves a few of the articles of clothing I'd used Parian's power to separate at me. "I need to get back at some point, I'd rather not explain the state of my costume. Fix please."

"Fix?" I echo, a faint chill racing down my neck.

Her smile remains fixed in place, and turns slightly brittle as her hand brushes against my own to find that I'd slotted in Panacea's own power as my active one. "Right. Fix. With that power you used. The clothing one."

"Honestly, it's more about moving threads specifically - not necessarily doing things to clothing as a whole." I stall. Amy's hand clamps down on my wrist as I make a half-step backwards. "Which is to say, uh. Someone good with textiles probably could repair that with this power." I pause. "But, uh. Not me. Not the slightest clue."

"..." She doesn't let go of my wrist. Impressive grip strength, actually.

"It was just kind of complicated to unravel, and I didn't want to interrupt the conversation-" I attempt to explain.

"So you decided-! This is my costume! You expect me to walk back inside with-" She holds one hand up, showcasing her robe. "-there is a literal hole where my crotch is! I can't go back to healing people like this!"

"It has a certain appeal-" I cough as her eyes glint dangerously. "Of course not. It's my fault, you were just too beautiful and I couldn't help myself-"

"I'm not falling for that!" She hisses. "I'll strangle you right here and now I swear they'll never find the body-"

"Come back to my workshop!" I blurt out. "It's not far from here. But I've got loads of material. And, plants too. You could, you know. Do something with that, right?" She stares at me. I continue. "Turning a plant into a robe that looks like yours? It would be good practice for your power too. Thinking about it, you could turn your entire costume into a real living bio-armour, thing. Take the opportunity to give yourself a way to fight if you ever needed to, or at least just some protection from bullets now that the city is gearing up for a gang war again." She continues to glare at me, but with less intensity than before. Yes. Think of the fun things you could do with your power. You know you want to... "Thinking about it, this is actually a great chance for a redesign. Arachne had this problem with her first design where it was just bland, kind of ugly - but after the redesign? Totally sexy. Practical. Protective. And designed to provide easy access for those special moments before patrols without needing to strip off entirely-"

"I don't want to hear another word out of your mouth until we get to your workshop." Amy grumbles. "I need to think of excuses for why I don't need an air-taxi back home yet."

I brighten. "Are you sure?"

"I'm not calling Vicky to be picked up like this, am I?" She harrumphs. "And I meant it, I'm mad at you right now. Zip it!" I shoot her a thumbs up, gather the bundle of clothing in one hand - then scoop up Panacea with the other. She lets out a yelp of protest, as I top off Browbeat's power - then rapidly cycle through it, Vista's and Shadow Stalker's power to kick off the walls one after the other to get to the rooftops. "No, wait- let me get- you can't be serious- I am not decent! I won't-"


"I hate you." My companion mutters as I set her down, with her clutching the hastily-wrapped remains of her robe around her like an emergency bath towel. "If even a single flyer was patrolling and happened to see-"

"No you don't." I respond cheerfully. "And it's pretty late, and dark. And the cameras are aimed at street level, and there's no reason to be patrolling in this part of the city when the ABB and Empire were kicking off in the other half. And even if someone was around despite that, unless they brought a searchlight with them they'd never make us out from above."

"Sure, sure. You got away with it this time. One day, you'll stop getting so lucky and I'll be the one regretting it." She shakes her head. "And it will be my fault. Look how stupid I am. I can't believe I let you drag me back to your stupid sex dungeon."

"It's not a sex dungeon!" I protest as we round the fence of the seemingly-abandoned storage area that I had 'acquired'. "This is a serious, professional workshop for Tinkering and lazing around. In fact, you're the only person other than me to even see this place. You just want it to be a sex dungeon because you're a deviant that's after my chastity." I look away as flat, unimpressed eyes try to meet mine. "That is to say, if you really thought that's what this was - you still decided to come here. There were other options."

"I'm the victim in this scenario, in case you forgot." She accepts my offered hand as I pull her up to clamber over a set of discarded boxes. "And right now, I think sex dungeon was me feeling optimistic about the care you put into your secret base. Do you live in a trash heap or what?"

"Believe it or not, I actually made the outside look like this on purpose. It was all neatly piled up when I bought it. A little storehouse attached to a scrapheap is kind of ideal, as far as I'm concerned." I push aside a crate blocking access to the door. "I forgot how difficult I made it for a normal person to get in here, I got some equipment delivered and then just did my best to lock it down - no need to have an easy entrance if I have the shadow state. Why even worry about having a real key or working windows if I can just make it impossible to get in without someone already being inside?"

"Or impossible to get out." She echoes.

"Not a sex dungeon." I repeat. "No matter how much you want it to be. Just, basic security - tailored to my toolkit. Look, this lock needs to be operated from both sides at once to open. Conveniently, I have a clone-" My ash clone stirs to life next to me. "-that can help me do just that. Stay here a moment. I can't give my clones powers right now, so I'll do the other side." I phase through the door before she can respond. Deadlock. Slide. Turn. Rotate. Pull. Hold. Slide.

Awkward pause. "I think your clone, uh, got confused?" The voice comes from the other side. "I think this part should go down, then- no, it got stuck. Maybe- oh, who designed this tr-"

I sigh. "I forgot that the clones aren't that good at sequential instructions without being an administrator. Hold on, it's easier if we swap places again." I bend down to the defunct keyhole and peer through it. With a flex of will, the ashen form of my clone mirrors the action - the vague impression of an eyehole in its otherwise faceless expression staring directly back at me-

-and I straighten up to see Amy attempting to puzzle out my genius system of locks-within-locks, pausing only long enough to send me a queer look. "Isn't that new? Stealing another page from Oni Lee's book?"

"I wish. His power isn't nearly so restricted." Don't want to talk about it. "But yes, it's new. Here. You pinch these two down-" Metal groans on the other side of the door as my clone takes over the far simpler remaining task of simply applying pressure. "-slide, turn, then this one. That lets this go through which opens the handle-" The door swings open with a loud squeak.

"Stupid system." Amy declares, stepping forward into the doorway as if surveying her new home.

"It's a secret base. It has to have a cool mechanism before letting someone in." I insist. "That's how you know it's a real Tinker's lair."

Amy turns and prods the mishmash of gears and sliding bolts with a doubtful look on her face. "It's not cool, it's a dozen crappy locks lazily crammed into each other into some abomination that isn't any better than a normal lock. Not to mention, it's just a regular warehouse - I'm pretty sure that even I could go through the walls with a big enough hammer if I wanted."

I flick a switch on, overhead bulbs flaring to life with a steady background hum to illuminate the area. "I know it's natural for non-Tinkers to fail to understand the technicalities of the work-" That was Squealer's power at work, after all. Or, rather, Squealer's power was used to handle putting everything together. I never actually finished the design it was actually supposed to slot into, so I don't know if it really counts as Tinkertech as opposed to just generic solid engineering - but I just don't really have a need to build actual cars right now. "-but I'd have thought you could at least see the appeal of it from a design standpoint. It's like a hallway of moving lasers that only has a single possible path through it for the superspy to backflip through. It doesn't need to make sense, it just needs to be included. Nobody watches that kind of movie and says 'oh he should just come back with a licensed electrician and a health inspector and order the security system to be disabled as a health hazard.'"

"You're so lucky that you're attractive." She tells me dourly.

I throw my hands into the air. "What does that even mean?"

She ignores the question in favour of looking around. "It's actually a workshop. I'm surprised. Not at all what I expected." Amy murmurs, stepping up onto tip-toes to peer into a precariously-stacked box on the closest shelf.

I roll my eyes. "I had to send the whips and chains off to be washed, maybe next time." I lock the door behind us, dismissing my ash clone once I'm done.

Amy prods at one of the half-dissected cars sitting in the central part of the small warehouse. "I didn't mean that. I meant that I was expecting just a regular bedroom where you picked fights on PHO all day. Bed. Computer. And then you'd just call it a workshop because you had a few hammers and a wrench sitting on a table somewhere."

"Just what kind of impression do you have of me? I'm a real Tinker, you know? Squealer, Leet, Armsmaster? The power variants are starting to stack up!" I wave my hands expressively. "I actually spend a lot of time tinkering these days now that I'm a Noctis Cape, makes the hours go by when nobody is doing anything at night."

"If you say so." She nods easily.

I pause, feeling slighted. "What do you mean by that, exactly? That's not an 'if I say so' thing. It's just a fact. I'm a Tinker several times over. A fairly decent one, actually."

She blinks innocently at me. "Well. It's just, all of this time since your debut and I've never seen you Tinker anything. Or use any Tinkertech."

"I literally just used it against Lung." I mime a swipe at the air. "The mecha-sword? I know the videos aren't out yet, but ask anyone in the Wards and they'll confirm it was a real thing and it kicked ass. And my teleporter, that was- actually that one didn't really do that well against Lung. It got me my sword at least, but the rest... the materials and grenades just weren't up to par against the heat - but actually, if I could get some samples of Bakuda's bombs I think it could be really effective as an anti-Brute-"

"Can I see?" The question cuts through my train of thought. The tone sounded innocent, but I knew it was a lie. This entire line of questioning was designed to hurt me, a calculated act of spite engineered in her mind the entire time I was carting her from rooftop to rooftop on the way here.

"Well." I make a vague gesture. "The sword is probably being held by the PRT right now because I left it right where I turned Lung into Lu." No laugh emerges. I have no taste in women. "And the teleporter, uh. Well. It's melted." I hold a finger up in the air to forestall the accusations of being a fraud. "That is, the targeting bit of the teleporter. The actual machine is right there - it just, won't do anything until I make another remote." I point it out in the corner.

"So, you don't have any working Tinkertech?" She tilts her head at me. The corner of her mouth quivers.

It's my turn to glower at her. "I know you're only asking me to wind me up, and maybe I deserve it - but that only makes it more annoying that I can't decisively disprove it right now. I am a real Tinker. I spent days iterating on those designs to make something that I could spawn on demand. And now most of my hard work is either molten slag or sitting in Armsmaster's lab to be ripped apart for ideas." Not that it was a true hardship for me. I'll have my paste-box back tomorrow, all I need is to gather the materials up again - which is, admittedly, the more annoying part.

"It's okay. I believe you. You're a Tinker on the inside. Where it really counts."

I make a rude gesture in her direction, earning a rare peal of laughter in response. Typical. The most I've made her laugh today and the joke is at my expense. At least she's cute.

Now. Where were those plants?


My ash clone deposits another pair of potted plants next to us, I shoot it a casual thumbs-up before resuming my begging on PHO for videos of the Lung fight to be released.

Uh. Negotiating. Not begging. I'm a serious hero now, communicating with my respected peers. And my remaining undeleted comments properly reflect that.

"This really is a suspicious amount of plants." The nude healer - all of that complaining just to strip off again - pulls her mouth away from my cock to comment, taking over the job with her spare hand - the other buried in her costume. "And meat. Fur. And everything, really. Were you planning to drag me here the whole time just to get me to try this?"

I ignore the question. "I do love talking with you, but is it really okay for you to multitask like this? I'm concerned for the Little Cowboy that you might get your wires crossed at some point."

"What's the worst that could happen?" Amy replies innocently, other hand grabbing a steak and tossing it into a bucket - then turning it into a warped, bubbling goop in a matter of seconds. All while gently jerking me off with the other.

A chill races down my spine. "That was deliberate." I accuse.

"And you dodged my question." She doesn't deny it. "Which is an answer all on it's own, because it probably means you're embarrassed by the answer."

"That's not true. I avoid questions for all sorts of reasons." I downplay the truth of the completely-accurate assessment. "And it's a perfectly normal amount of plants, it's an enclosed space - having a few plants to make it more breathable is just common sense."

"That doesn't explain the rest of it." She hums, running her tongue along my shaft as she thinks it over. "Oh, I get it. This wasn't for me - it was for you. All of those ideas about bio-armour, plant weapons, plant hormone grenades - you were trying to make that for yourself, weren't you? But your version of my power just couldn't handle it. The attempt must have gone pretty bad for you not to want to talk about it this much."

"Conversations like this are a lot less fun when the other person has the equivalent of a super lie-detector attached to my body." I say sourly. "I should just turn my version of your power back on, just out of spite."

"More fun in other ways though." Her tongue circles around the tip of my dick teasingly, then pulls away. "And don't you dare. I'm watching your body."

"As long as you don't turn me into, whatever you're doing with that." I direct my gaze to the way the bundle of clothes wrapped around her other hand is pulsing, as if it had a heartbeat. "You can watch all you like."

"I wasn't planning on it." She affirms drily.

We continue in our respective tasks for some time. I only look up after getting threadbanned from my own victory celebration thread, as Amy scoops up the evidence of her efforts from her bare chest with one finger and swallowing with obvious delight.

I raise an eyebrow at her as she licks her hands clean. "New flavour?"

"I don't think you want to know." She pauses. "Unless, you want to try?"

"Absolutely not." I shudder. "I don't even want to think about it."

"That's fair enough." She concedes, then a light frown dusts her face. "You know. If- if using my powers like this makes you uncomfortable-"

"No, it's fine. Great, even." I interrupt her before she can even get started. "I wanted you to go down this route with testing your powers out more. I'm more than happy for you to experiment on me as long as you're sensible about it. I trust you. My repulsion comes from the fact that I can't see any appeal in personally testing different flavours of my cum. That's gay, totally."

"For you."

"For me. You can do it all you like. And you're gay for your sister too, so I'm still right." I amend. "But I'm completely on board with you doing, whatever you need to do." I shrug. "In fact, I'm kind of curious if you're interested in going a bit further. The way I see it, your power could do some amazing things on a willing participant. I have a Brute power that I can activate now that directly scales with how much mass and strength my muscles have - except it doesn't actually make my muscles any better on its own. Tougher bone structure. Faster healing. Night vision. Or, what about some kind of hidden talon-blade thing that can spring out of my arm at a moment's notice! A poisonous breath attack. A punch that's as fast as one of those mantis, bug things that they always talk about online!"

"Getting into the realms of fiction for a bit there." Amy straddles me with a thoughtful look on her face, then sighs. "Don't get me wrong, I think some of that stuff - I might be able to do it. And maybe, even would do it - on someone that was a bit more stable. You're a bit too important to me for me to make some highly-experimental modifications and then release you into the wild without any monitoring for a few weeks hoping everything will be fine. I'd rather test on- well. Uh-" She clams up suddenly.

"On some complete nobody, right?" I nod absently.

"Uh. Well. I mean-" She hesitates. After a moment, I realise she was having a moral crisis about even suggesting that. And was probably half-expecting me to get angry about even the implication. Human experimentation is bad, or something like that. Bonesaw ruining fun things for the rest of us.

Well. That is very heroic and responsible of her, but that kind of hangup is inconvenient for me personally. I don't know if it's a great idea for me to just loudly support the idea and hope that she comes along, so maybe I should just reframe the issue in a different lens. "Sure. I can find a few people in the underground parts of the city that wouldn't say no to a 'tune-up' with regular check-ins on their health. A lot of them are in a bad way and have a tendency to wreck their bodies, so some regular interaction from us might be the intervention they need in their lives anyway. And, naturally, we'll keep the name of Panacea out of it. We'll just blindfold them and say that I'm the one doing the changes, everybody knows I've got a billion powers by now - nobody will blink twice at it. Our volunteers will have a less active lifestyle than me, so it should be easier to verify the impact of the changes on their own. Everyone wins."

Panacea blinks. Not an unusual reaction when one of my girls encounters my flexible morality. It's just a sign of how good my media campaign is, that they really think that I'm a true-blue hero who just has some perverted tendencies. "I guess- I guess that works." She seems happy with that interpretation. Or, maybe she just wanted an excuse to agree without crossing some of her remaining mental red lines. "And, that's for just basic work. A better functioning body, sure. The other stuff? No. I'm not making you or other people into a Nilbog creation just because you think it would be awesome and maybe help you out in a fight some time."

"Killjoy." I poke my tongue out at her. She relaxes and smiles faintly at my laconic response.

"That's not the only thing I'm concerned about though. I'm just not confident about how well anything I do will hold up when your power decides to hurt you." Her eyes lock with mine. "You didn't really mention it, but that- that strain that your body was under at the Canberra attack. You're exactly the same right now. Even when I fix you, you start slowly sliding back to where you were - it's like your body just wants to be in a slightly-injured state. Or, not injured maybe... worn? Exhausted?"

"Using my powers too much in a short time span. It's my equivalent of a Thinker headache, I've seen it a few times now." I nod. "I'm planning to keep to myself for a solid day. It doesn't take long for me to get back in fighting shape."

"At the rate I'm seeing, I'd say two days to be at the standard that your body usually is when I see you." She disagrees. I incline my head in acceptance. It makes sense that there would be a difference between the first signs and when I could actually feel any issues. "Ideally, I'd like to see it happen personally to put it into numbers."

"What?" I question.

"The power copying." She clarifies. "That's what causes the damage, right? When a new power integrates with your body somehow, there's some kind of temporary backlash and this is the result."

"Just generally trying to do too much at once. I have to switch-" I cut myself off at the downwards tilt of Amy's mouth. Right. Got too used to people not being able to tell when I'm bullshitting.

"You're lying." She tells me bluntly, a confused tone entering her voice. "Why are you worried over this? Is it supposed to be a secret?" She continues as I don't respond immediately. "If it is, it wasn't hard to work out. It certainly isn't just using your regular powers, I'll remind you that I saw you using multiple in quick succession for several minutes just to get us here - and it didn't have the slightest effect on the state of your body. It seems like a pretty logical conclusion to me."

"I-" I make up my mind. I'm being silly here. And... I actually trusted Amy a lot. I was able to establish a strong relationship with her even before clearing many of her challenges. Every challenge since had reinforced that strong foundation. I wasn't worried about her betraying my secrets unless my Mastering ways were suddenly revealed. "Sorry, bad habit. I don't really want to get other people wrapped up in the drama of how my power works. It's not you- I haven't even told Arachne more than the surface-level stuff." I adjust the pile of cushions I was using as a headrest. "I just think a lot of people could take offence to the exact nature of my power's mechanics, and I don't see much of an advantage in handing out the full details to everyone. I mean, people are already protective at the thought of me taking their powers for free without going through their trigger event."

"Not me. You're quite welcome to every last bit of it." She leans forward, breasts lightly swaying with the motion. "I don't get it. You're trusting enough to leave your life in my hands right now. We're sharing secrets that could destroy our reputations several times over. You're happy to delve into things that are, maybe not quite-entirely-legal just to help me cut loose with my power. I'm supporting you in your quest to recruit my sister into your harem. What's left to say that can dwarf all of that?" The tone isn't angry, but the genuine nature of the question ensures that the weight of it still comes through.

A partial truth should be fine. "The power copying has an active component to it. I can choose to... I guess you could say, 'ping' a target's power and get a success or failure from it - depending on if the connection goes well. Even a failure can give me useful insight into someone's power and how they use it, so I fire it off a lot in life-or-death scenarios. I was actually in pretty good shape up until Oni Lee showed up at the end, pushed myself a bit just to make sure Vista and I didn't die to his latest trick - which was a good idea considering what a difference those grenades make. It's attempting a lot of those connections in a short time period that causes issues, and I had plenty of valid targets today."

"Hm." Amy nod slowly. "I can see it. If you say it's entirely passive, people will just have to deal with it and accept that it's part of your power and who you are - that you're just guaranteed to eventually get the powers of everyone around you. If you admit that you have to deliberately target them repeatedly until you snag something, people could get upset. They'd ask you not to, and then conflict happens when you actually need that power. They might even try to get you on Assault with a Parahuman Power charges or something, especially without power testing saying that it was safe."

"Plus, I don't intend to let myself get slowed down by people getting defensive over their power. I haven't hit an upper limit on the variants I can acquire yet. If I could become a Triumvirate-level Cape, or beyond that - I have a duty to do it." It wasn't just about duty. It was fundamental to my entire moral argument about my power. If you took away the part where I punt Leviathan back into the ocean, kick Behemoth to the curb and- uh, do something about the Simurgh - then the maths no longer worked out for me to be a net-positive. I could accept being a villain to myself over the circumstances I earned my harem in, but I don't know if I could stomach being enough of a villain in the sense of 'the world would be a better place if I were never born'. I think I really do need that bit of justification - that, yes, the harem and power was dubious, but everyone is happier and millions, even billions, of lives were saved because of me. What's a few horny life goals compared to that?

I continue. "Not to mention the fact that this is exactly the point where I need every advantage I can get. Lung, Oni Lee, plenty of others - they can still kill me in the right scenario, even if I'm slippery. If I asked Shadow Stalker nicely and she said no, I would have died the first night against Oni Lee - or even before that. So if I know that I'm not going to respect people's choices anyway, then everyone is going to be happier if they don't realise I even had the option."

"Fine. It doesn't bother me, but I can see why you wouldn't appreciate the information getting out." She shuffles back and forth on my torso absently. "Does- does that mean you can try it now? With me?"

"Sure? I've had a bit of downtime to recover, I don't think it will put me in a particularly bad shape." I look up at her. "Do you want me to?"

"Don't start changing your plans or asking for permission just because I know a little bit more about your power. I want you to be as safe as possible, and a good way to do that is getting your hands on every power that you can." She crosses her arms, trying to look stern. "I'm just looking for a demonstration before I can give out the doctors orders for your recovery."

Amelia Lavere

Villain 5/7

(PREP) (LUST) (TIME)​

I hadn't challenged this one last time. Not after the brutal slog of her previous challenge. With this one outright naming her as a villain, complete with name-change and both PREP and LUST? I wasn't really looking forward to it. But it was in the way. And Amy's power had serious potential for me. A third level to her power, was the one-touch-knockout truly out of the question? Part of me felt that my power wouldn't give me such a powerful tool, but another part of me was pointing out that there weren't that many 'alternate' powers it could give me other than deepening the complexity, range and speed of what I could do. There was no chance of getting scammed like I was with Miss Militia, any upgrade would be powerful - and her power was already pretty good in the few circumstances I could use it in.

"Just a demonstration. Cool. I can do that." I lock eyes with her. "Barely even a challenge-"

The floor falls away. The street rises around me. Brockton? Brockton. A distinctly beaten-down and abandoned version, moss growing on the buildings - a pond forming in the road nearby from trickling rivulets trailing across the street. Another further down the ruined street - don't tell me this was another post-Leviathan Brockton Bay? I was starting to see a recurring theme here. It was never 'what if Behemoth hit' or 'Post-Simurgh Brockton Bay'. Leviathan. Constantly. Which was fair, I suppose. If anyone would hit us, he would be the one. But some variety would be nice, that's all I'm saying.

And if I did see some variety, I might have a few reasons to feel a little less worried that my power was hinting at something here. Nobody could fully predict the Endbringers, but my power broke a lot of rules - who was to say that this wasn't just an imagined scenario? My power mixed reality and fantasy, possible futures with impossible ones regularly. I'd seen the Undersiders in action before they'd ever established themselves as a group, and seen Browbeat before they probably even triggered. This could be the same. The trouble was that it didn't really matter. I couldn't exactly reveal the source of my 'hunch', nor would anyone really be able to do anything about it anyway - an evacuation didn't just happen because one Cape got a bad feeling that something might happen at some undetermined point in the future. Nor would I be able to do anything particularly different if I knew he was coming - I needed more strength if I wanted to matter in a fight like that.

Pointless, distracting thoughts. Move on.

No immediate enemies in sight, but the TIME modifier is already ticking so I should get moving. I take a deep breath, step forward and-

-fall to my knees coughing desperately.

Bad start. The same trick from the last challenge? I switch into Panacea's power and- oh. I freeze in place, hold my breath and take stock of the alarm bells that Panacea's power was sending my way.

I'm coated in- something. It doesn't look like it, but my Panacea-provided senses are assuring me that my skin and throat is covered in valid targets for her power. Tiny, biological structures that are now doing their very best to become not so tiny as they implant themselves into my body and drink deep. I brush off my arms frantically, using Panacea's power liberally to break apart the fragile structures making up everything touching me - starting from the rapidly expanding buds in my throat and then focusing on the external ones. The relative simplicity of the creations worked in my favour here, it was quick work - far simpler than trying to cleave apart something denser like human flesh and bones. Twenty, thirty seconds after collapsing - I'm safe again. Or, if not safe, at least recovered - and in a state where I could actively destroy any new 'things' settling on me at a faster pace than they landed.

Unfortunately, it showed no sign of stopping. I could see it now that I was looking for it, almost like dust particles in the air - giving the entire world around me a slight tint. This wasn't the chemical warfare of the previous challenge when Panacea lost her cool, this was... what was this? Pollen? Something like it? Something was in the air, clinging to clothes and skin wherever I moved - and then, almost immediately, reacting. Trying to absorb and grow into, I don't know. Something. I wouldn't like it, that's one thing I was sure about.

The good news was that it isn't as immediately dangerous as the airborne plague I'd seen previously. The bad news was that it didn't matter. It wasn't a one-off attack, it was just the natural state of the environment I was in. I was still stuck, with Panacea's power active full time just to stop myself from blooming into flowers or turning into a mushroom or whatever this crap would do to me. Swapping to other powers would have to be limited to short bursts before returning to this state. Worse than that, the passive part of Panacea's power that neutralised poisons and similar attacks against me while I was using it wouldn't help here - destroying the... seeds? Pollen? Whatever I was going to call this junk in the air, it had to be a manual task to break it up and neutralise it. Constantly.

Inconvenient. Suspiciously inconvenient. The PREP and LUST modifiers were interesting to think about here. Because if she hadn't committed to a lethal attack despite LUST being present, that indicated that there was a reason behind it. And I'm pretty sure that PREP is that reason. I already know that PREP gives the target knowledge of my powerset, so this Amy knows that hitting me with pathogens, poison or whatever other form of airborne-nonsense she can conjure is just going to get halted whenever I have her power selected. Then I could cycle my powers back and forth to shield myself, Glory Girl, Skidmark, a Tinkertech solution... I would only need to survive the initial moments to have all the time and freedom in the world to work out the next step. Especially with no ALRT modifier to trigger her to hunt me right away.

But now it wasn't a weapon. It wasn't intended to kill me, and it didn't even need to do anything to me to limit my moves. I cast a glance behind me, noting that my footsteps left visible imprints in the street - flowers blooming in a myriad of colours marking my exact path. More than that, the buildings closest to the flowers were starting to respond in their own way - creeping vines that I had ignored before also twitching to life, parts of them branching off as if to point in the direction that I had previously been standing.

Another thing to dislike. I doubted that this Amy truly cared about aesthetics, so I needed to assume the worst about what this environment of hers was doing. Sticking to just likely scenarios, the best case scenario here was that this was just an inconvenience and a helpful alarm system for Amy. A way to easily track me while limiting the full use of my powers. A way to give her a pseudo-ALRT and HUNT modifier, because I didn't see any realistic chance that she'd set up something like this and not be connected to it in some way. She knew.

That was the best case. The worst case... well. That was the trouble. I could only speculate at this point, but the speculation had to start at the fact that she was capable of making a city-wide airborne plague and had chosen not to do that in favour of this. Which made this, in her mind, more effective at dealing with me.

Or rather, dealing with my powers.

Most people with the PREP modifier only cared about their personal power and preparations, not so much about countering me. Or, more to the point, most Capes couldn't do anything to counter me - you can't just swap out your power, after all. Armsmaster was the only challenge I've faced before who could have tried to do that, and did to an extent - but he clearly had confidence in his kit and hadn't seen a need to craft up some insane Tinkertech solution to counter every one of my powers. But Panacea didn't have that kind of natural assurance or confidence that she could take me in a fair 1v1, out of everyone I'd faced so far - she seemed like the most likely to try and abuse the modifier against me.

Actually, now that I'm thinking about it - this is worse than I thought. The shadow state responds poorly to simple aerosols because of the way it incorporates it into my body as I reform, it's a reasonable assumption that the same will happen here - except a thousand times worse. All of the trouble I had clearing just a small amount from just my throat before it got out of control, could I really repeat that in time across my entire body before they grew into something I couldn't kill in time? Or worse, before Panacea's power stopped recognising it as a foreign substance? There must be a cut-off after all. I couldn't affect my own body, nor could I manipulate the food I'd eaten in my stomach. That implied that at a certain point of integration, the power would cut off my ability to cleanse myself at all.

One defensive power down. It wasn't the only one. I wouldn't want to try the speed-state with the mandatory paralysis anyway, but it handles opposing forces very, very badly. Even on a small scale - pushing into heavy wind can be disruptive, I wouldn't be surprised if attempting to barrel through the pollen-dense streets of Brockton in that feather-light state would be much the same as pushing through sludge. And that was ignoring the fact that I would be locked out of Panacea's power the entire time, giving anything that landed on me free reign to grow. Another power down.

Glory Girl's power, simply putting a barrier up wouldn't help - not unless I could have it up upon exiting some kind of clean location. It was already underneath where the barrier would appear, in my clothes and skin - and it would simply build up against the barrier, waiting for the moment I inevitably had to drop it. Another crippled power.

I'm beginning to see the shape of this scenario now. Amy doesn't even want to fight me. Fighting me is the only way she can lose. All she needs to do is track me, avoid me and restrict my ability to search for and find her. She has the entire city to hide in, probably no shortage of booby-trapped locations to drive me into. She probably does have some combat-ready tricks for when I eventually find her, but her real weapon is the ever-present TIME modifier. Reinforcements will trickle in constantly, and without easy access to my mobility and defensive options of choice - I don't fancy my chances of even making it to the second wave with my current knowledge and powers.

This Amy wasn't crippled by emotional irrationality like the last one. I wasn't expecting her to reveal herself for the finishing blow, nor to even attempt to utilise her power in direct combat until she had to.

My advantage here was the lack of a CONT modifier. She spawned in the same place every time, reacted to the same inputs every time and used the same preparation against my powers every time. It would only change when I took different actions, or when the PREP power informed her that I had new or upgraded powers. If I could find her, that information was good forever. A counter against this pollen would be as effective on round one as it would be on round fifty.

But with the TIME modifier, every run just wouldn't gain that much information before the end. I either needed a power that shut down this pollen without occupying the active slot, or a Thinker power to narrow down the search. Glory Girl's or Panacea's power as a true passive, or Tattletale. Maybe Lung, if I could enshroud myself in a protective fire coating of some kind - but betting on that particular power as a reward, and then Amy not adapting to that via PREP - that was a long shot.

"Fifth challenge my ass." I grumble. "Shouldn't this be the last one?" The fact that it wasn't must surely imply that, once I did reach Amy, I'd likely annihilate her in a fight. Otherwise the difficulty scaling was just broken.

I'm going to die to the TIME modifier soon. Barely a few seconds left until the first wave, and I'd barely even cleared the first street. I'm not particularly upset at that. The search area is too large for me to meaningfully cut it down at a normal pace. Best to just gather information as well as I can.

On that note... I sidle towards the closest building, reaching out to touch the nearest vines. They seemed connected to each other, so if this was connected directly to Panacea I might be able to glean something about her location from what her own power would tell me about it.

Immediately my senses expand, all across the wall and roof of the building the vines were spread across. Not just around the outside, but throughout the walls and floors as well - not a single room inside the house was missing crawling tendril. The stretch below me, clear to the naked eye - but the plant snaked through the concrete under my feet and into the pipes below just as easily as it went through the walls.

But that was it. I cast an annoyed glance at the next house, seeing and sensing the problem at the same time. It looked like a single, gigantic plant - but it wasn't. It was a series of individual ones, all connected together to form a network. I could sense the points where they linked into the next one along the chain, complex biological sequences conveying information onwards in some indecipherable plant-language. That too, was deliberate. In the same way that I couldn't touch one person, and scan someone else that they were holding hands with - I couldn't touch a single part of this network and get a map of its spread across the city, or any idea about where it's creator might be hiding.

Another deliberate design decision to work around the limitations of one of my powers. I'm not actually upset about this. Getting countered like this is what I should probably expect from other highly-flexible powersets and Tinkers. Not just in challenges, but in real life too - I wouldn't expect an enemy Tinker to ever challenge me without an answer to every one of my currently-documented defensive powers. Shadow Stalker's main weaknesses not being well-known was helping me for now, but even the weaker Tinkers of the Bay would find it trivial to add a few sparks into their creations if it meant fucking over my power of choice. Getting tested in a way where simple obscurity wouldn't help me had a certain appeal to it.

The TIME modifier in my head ticks to zero. Shorter than the usual five-minutes most of them offer before the first wave, but it doesn't bother me. I would have hit fast-forward on it if I could. I want to see what the first wave is, get a full understanding of what I'm up against for future runs.

I glance around. Nothing? Nothing. The timer was already racing towards the second wave, but I couldn't even hear anyone moving in the distance. I usually had cars screeching and sirens blaring as the first wave, powered or unpowered, rushed in my direction - but the streets were just as empty as ever.

Good? I grimace. No. I should assume that any deviations from the norm were bad for me. In that case, what did this achieve for her?

It hid information, for one. Not just on the foes I would be fighting and in what order, but also where and how they appeared. If knowing their initial location, even over the span of multiple attempts, might give some estimate of where Amy was hiding? Then holding them back and letting me wander, then ensuring that they were released into the city out of my sight was a generally smart idea.

And aside from the information game, she could also just be using them as a defensive force. Assuming that I was correct in considering Amy herself as the 'weak' point of this setup, she could realise that too - and direct new reinforcement waves into becoming her personal bodyguards. I could handle gunmen individually and deal with groups stealthily given time, preparation or enough chaos - but I didn't have a way to just kill someone through a hail of gunfire. Sending people out into the city to chase me wasn't necessary. I could only win by getting to her.

Fine. I'll just... search where I can while I wait. I don't expect to find anything, but a miracle might happen. I summon my ash clone, take control of the nearest bug with my administrator power and begin a three-pronged search. Room by room. House by house. Street by street. I wasn't necessarily looking to find Amy right away, I was looking to exclude possibilities. Even confirming simple things, like an overly dusty room indicating a lack of footfall, or a lack of secret tunnels, could exclude large swathes of the target area. Especially as my power usually starts my challenges with my body facing in the approximate direction of my enemy. I could tentatively say that the entire half of the city behind me was, at the very least, not where Amy had spawned in. She might have moved there, but she wasn't there at minute zero.

It's only after my mental timer announces the arrival of the third wave that I encounter my first enemy. A gun-toting individual who announces his presence by unleashing a storm of bullets through the walls of the house I was searching with uncanny accuracy and almost ending the challenge on the spot before I find cover.

Well. Hardly uncanny, actually. I glance with annoyance at the pointing, accusing vines stretching in my direction from all angles. A gigantic target marker, for those who knew how to look. I'd hoped that the reinforcements would struggle just as much as I had in this hostile environment, and had even held out a slim hope that the reason I hadn't seen the first waves was because they'd simply perished to the effects of the pollen.

As my ash clone strikes the man from behind and knocks him down, that hope is finally extinguished. The man is hardly even a man at all, the flowers have taken any identifying features from him - roots trail out of every orifice as he gasps in pain from each hit as my clone and I effortlessly tag-team to tear him apart. Wounds burst open as I smash his head and chest in, viscera and some kind of pus exploding outwards with each hit - his blood simply curdles on the spot, turning a sickly-yellow colour as it's exposed to the air. Worst of all, with his brain half-splattered across the street - he doesn't die. Long-established roots and branches manipulate his muscles and limbs directly, an intelligence - or perhaps just a very, very complex ingrained response - that I haven't quite been able to identify directs him to pick up his gun again and attempt to complete his task.

Panacea's power ends that in a flash. The parasitical plants have no resistance to the power, obviously - and fall to pieces in seconds. The man slumps and falls silent. I consider him cautiously. Well-dressed, for an obvious thug. Given the name-change and the designation given to this challenge, combined with what Tattletale had let spill during the bank challenge - was it safe to assume that this man was with Marquis? Was my power going for the alternate-history route here? Was Amy going to announce herself as the Marquess when I reached her? Or would it be Marchioness? What was the difference again? It probably wasn't important. What was important was the idea that I needed melee contact with Panacea's power to fully defeat every enemy in this challenge, I wasn't happy about that - another thing to overcome in the group combat that I was expecting this late into a TIME mission. I can't even hand that duty off to my ash clone because I'll just die without constantly cycling back to Panacea's power to cleanse myself.

Just one enemy. Could have been a problem in a more thorough ambush, but perhaps group tactics like that are a little bit beyond the capabilities of the parasites controlling my opponents this time. Maybe I could use that. There was definitely something here. Even two or three gunmen would have greatly improved the chance of killing me in this ambush, the fact that Amy hadn't opted for that... that was interesting. A limitation, somewhere. Would they fight each other if they were in combat and lured into each other? What if- I stumble, a flash of pain pulsing from my chest. Panacea's power identifying something for the barest flash of a moment before going worryingly silent.

I spit blood onto the ground, rolling over to consider my attacker.

My own ash clone.

Except, I could hardly call it that anymore. It was just an infestation surrounding the shell of my ash clone, a flopping, extended plant retracting from its arm - a needle-like protrusion dripping with some unidentified liquid. Likely what I'd just been injected with, going by the pain in my chest but the lack of a gaping hole that that usually signified. I dismiss my ash clone, watching as my attacker sags and falls over - a mass of plantlife attempting to push itself upright without any more leverage to do so. And nothing to sustain it's incredible growth with - it's already starting to turn in on itself for food. Not that the ash could have been that nutritious... perhaps it was the proximity to the attacker? The pollen must have set on the ash clone, then activated in response to touching the flesh of the man, or the fluid splatter as we were hitting him, or some type of pheromones or... something. I can't interpret it. My version of Amy's power likes to tell me what is happening, but not why - which makes the overly complex biological signals essentially impossible to interpret for me.

I wince. My body feels weak. Heart is racing, and my chest is screaming in agony with a sharp-painful squeeze. Heart attack, I guess. A new one for me - which actually seems a little surprising given the huge amount of times that I've died already. I didn't want to use the shadow state fully, but shifting parts of my body isn't an issue. Shift my torso, leaving the skin out of it - I expend every charge I have on it in a row, then settle back into my physical body in exactly the same state I left it in.

Well. Fuck you then. I sit back and wait for death, absently watching through my bug-administrators eyes to check one more building off of my search area. Every little helps. When I get my hands on you, Amy...

FAILURE​

I blink my eyes a few times as the real world filters back, Amy's concerned face appearing at the edge of my vision - but that softens into a more neutral expression as I focus on her.

A familiar soreness pulses from my arms and legs. There goes my power protesting at it's self-imposed limit on simulations again. Just as bad as after I fended off Oni Lee and Bakuda. No, worse than that - I was happy to move around after that, although maybe some adrenaline was helping. Now, I don't even want to do that. Glad I'm already lying down, I wouldn't want to get up anyway.

"Was it everything you dreamed?" I wink.

"I feel like I have more questions than answers." She answers. "You had me worried for a moment there, but you seem okay now - was that, did that feel normal? To you? You look- I can tell you're in pain. You should have said no if it was going to be this bad."

"Pretty average. Doesn't hurt that much, I've had way worse." I nod. The content of the simulations shouldn't affect me externally, apart from that one time with Newter - but that had a DNGR modifier. In reality, this should be just like any other single simulation.

She hums distractedly. "All of that elevated brain activity, the adrenaline spikes, the heart-rate, the traces of damaged muscles - it's already starting to look normal to me, like you've been in this state for hours. It's hard to believe that it looked like you were having a panic attack and a stroke at the same time just a few seconds ago."

"I told you, I get some aches and pains if I overdo it - and then it all fixes itself when I ease off the gas. Again, it's the equivalent of a Thinker headache except I'm too tough for a headache to stop me. You've probably seen one of those in action, right?" She shakes her head. Really? I feel like I consistently overestimate how much people experiment with different parts of their powers. "Well. Whatever. Are you going to stop worrying about me now?"

"No." She deadpans. "But I can at least say that the 'damage' it's doing when you do that isn't going to kill you. Directly. It isn't damaging your heart or anything similar in the same way that it's weakening your limbs. I guess, as you said, if you take it easy for a few days - you'll be back at 100%. I'd actually like to see if your power will stop reversing my changes after a certain point of recovery, but maybe we can test that out another day."

"Medical tests are boring. Sorry." I make a face. "Also, can't promise that - I'm staying down for a day, maybe a day and a half. But then I'm back in the fight."

She frowns at me. "I'm not saying you can't go on patrol, just avoid trying to copy powers for a bit."

I shake my head. "Can't do it. Sorry. It's too useful in the middle of a fight." I note her frustrated expression and tap my head. "I wouldn't insist if it wasn't serious. I'm needed out there. You see - part of that process is, I guess you could say, connecting to the powers? I get a bit of insight into what they can do. Well, I did that to Oni Lee and Bakuda-" Just Oni Lee, but semantics don't matter here. "-right at the end of this evening's events. So I can tell you with complete confidence - Bakuda's crappy bombs? Pale imitations of what they could be. Oni Lee's little bombing run tonight trapped a lot of people, but pretty much everyone lived - right? New Wave got most of their members trapped in crystal, but they weren't affected themselves. Manton limit. Problem is, that isn't an actual limitation of Bakuda's tech. She just didn't have the time or a push from Lung to work around it for her more interesting bombs. But she can. And she will. If I don't take the fight to her and beat some sense into her, she's going to give Oni Lee bombs that could let him fight the entire Protectorate ENE branch on even footing."

Honestly, if that was all - I might not have cared. A second Lung wasn't a problem. But my power hadn't shown me a Cape with that level of restraint. I'd seen civilian casualties on a scale I would have associated with the Slaughterhouse 9. Was my power exaggerating, making things worse than the actual likely reality - just to make the challenge harder? Maybe. But Bakuda didn't strike me as someone who wouldn't eagerly participate in the scenes that I saw. And Oni Lee is just following instructions, as ever. That scenario had seemed all too likely.

I was arguably a villain. But I wasn't that kind of villain. I wasn't going to allow that kind of scene to happen in my city. Not that level of civilian casualties, nor would I allow someone with that lack of restraint to display that kind of power against my girls. Taylor had already come close to death against Oni Lee the first time around, I didn't want to see the outcome of that fight if the grenades simply deleted space in an area five times the size of the old ones - or if they simply converted a building and every occupant in it into glass. As much as I liked to joke around, I did need to step in here.

"That sounds like something you should be telling the PRT." Amy leans forward. "And New Wave, for that matter. If she's that much of a danger, everyone needs to be involved."

"Even if I could explain my 'hunch', which I can't - you already know that nobody is going to pick a fight with Lung when he's arguably at the strongest he's ever been. Oni Lee is free, and he has a pet Tinker. Everyone knows the ABB is going to ram their fist right into the Empire's asshole to make up for all the territory they lost while Oni Lee was out of the picture. The Protectorate isn't strong enough to stop them and quietly wants that to happen anyway, two of their enemies fighting each other - and they just minimise damage and civilian casualties. A strong ABB against a strong Empire... everyone is hoping they just cripple each other and I can't even blame them for thinking that. New Wave just tried and failed to beat both Lung and then Oni Lee separately, they're smart enough to know that they can't just jump into an open fight like this. Nobody wants to pick a fight now, even if they knew that they were going to be more problematic in the future."

"The Protectorate and New Wave isn't strong enough, so you should fight them instead?" She scowls, one leg flipping over my body to allow her to stand up properly from her seated position on me. She gives the costume she's holding in her other hand a frustrated flick to straighten them out, as if they'd done something to personally offend her.

"I'm not looking for a fair fight. I don't even intend to show my face to Lung. I'm not part of a highly-public, flashy hero team like the Protectorate or New Wave. I'm allowed to be more practical and flexible in how I approach problems. If New Wave jumped Bakuda in front of the lights and cameras, she'd blow everyone up just so that nobody saw her lose." And I'd wager anything that the next deadman's switch won't have a Clockblocker-sized weakness in it. "If I jump her in the middle of the night, offering friendship and a temporary alliance against the Empire on one hand - so long as she stays within certain rules - and outright violence in the other, I think I can convince her to limit her destructive tendencies. Lung was able to threaten her into compliance without creating a spectacle, and I made some pretty good progress in my talks with her earlier. I just need to do the same - make it so that she doesn't even need to acknowledge a defeat publicly to change her plans and tech to something that suits everyone."

"That sounds like a stupid idea." At least she's honest. "Even if you did, somehow, find her and then also beat her and Oni Lee and Lung to have your 'conversation' - there's just no way that she would agree to limit her powers like that. Or that Lung would even let her."

She's right, but I'm right too. More right. Righter. The rightest. Because she was missing information, even after all I'd dumped on her tonight. Unfortunately, I couldn't really come out and say 'Actually, I have a really good chance of convincing her and Oni Lee not to carpet bomb the city because I'm a human Master and I'm going to master them just like I did you! Once I'm done with them, they'll be very wholesome Capes who don't turn people into glass statues for fun and coincidentally also love my dick'. I don't think that would go down well, even if it's actually a very reasonable and well-thought out plan.

"Everyone's a critic." I wave her off. "Fact of the matter is, this doesn't even need to be a fight. Just a reminder that all of us Capes play by the same rules. Even Lung knows not to act up too much. This is just a... welcome to the neighbourhood speech that got interrupted before I could finish tonight."

"You make it sound so easy." Amy rolls her eyes. "Well. When you get caught creeping in the middle of ABB territory and end up looking twice as crispy as you were today, I hope you'll actually ask me for healing then rather than trying to be tough about it." She sighs. "From what they were saying earlier, we were already planning on a show of force over the next few days to try and hammer home the fact that the gangs really can't get away with things like this. You'll probably see each us on your patrols no matter what you do - and I can hardly criticise you for wanting to find Bakuda on one of those patrols when my team wants to do exactly the same. At least you won't really be alone when you're trying to pull off your stupid plan. Best case scenario, you find them - we arrest them and we never need to worry about what she might have been able to build."

Patrol? Ah. Right. She thinks that I don't know where Bakuda is right now. She doesn't know that my administrator bug is currently cocooned safely in Bakuda's costume, halfway across the city. In a basement, going by the angle. I wouldn't be 'looking' for Bakuda - I'd be dropping in from the ceiling like the wrath of god. That was the reason for my time-limit too. That bug was going to die at some point, and then I'd lose my only way to track their location.

Maybe I shouldn't say that. It was nice to be able to say this much and be rewarded for that trust, no sign of her pulling an Emma, having a meltdown over each new revelation or running off to ruin my plans by trying to send New Wave on the warpath or anything of the sort. But I think she's only avoiding a panic by thinking that I'm not actually going to end up in a real fight. Telling her that actually this matchup was a guaranteed face-to-face battle rather than just an enthusiastic patrol-with-intent that would never get further than fighting some gangbangers and running away? Yeah. Maybe not. Gotta remember that this girl could poke me and lock me into her bedroom for my own safety if I pushed her too much at once.

"I wasn't going to be alone. I've got a team, you know? I haven't asked yet, but Arachne is always up for some gang-busting activity. Shadow Stalker isn't an official member, but I doubt she'll be happy with the PRT's likely plan to sit on their asses and watch - so she might be around too." I watch as Amy slips her costume back on. And that is the right word, with the way parts of it melts and wraps around her skin before adopting the approximate appearance and texture of regular cloth once more. I knew this was a good idea, I can practically sense her mood improving as she regards her reflection in a nearby mirror - and my own mood soars as I note that she's included my advice for 'accessibility' as half the costume folds away with a thought, then unfolds back out again.

She spots me staring and flushes, brushing imaginary dust off of herself and straightening up. Her expression turns back to a neutral one as she fully turns to face me, biting her lip as if mulling over a difficult question. "If-" She starts, hesitancy in her voice. "I could- I mean-" She trails off, gaze fully-focused on her sleeves - where her robes billow as if in an invisible wind, the only indication that something is different about it than usual. "No. Nevermind."

I guess the direction of her thoughts easily. "Thinking of lending a hand on the frontlines yourself?"

"What? No. Well. Maybe. Not now." She sighs. "It was a selfish thought. I'd be a liability, I wouldn't even know what to do in a fight. I'm good at healing. That's always useful. If I got myself injured because I got ideas about being able to do more, then couldn't heal someone when it was needed..."

"I think you would work it out pretty quickly, but the ABB probably aren't the best people to start learning to fight against." I concede. "That's no reason to give up on the idea entirely though. It would be a fun way to use your powers, and being able to defend yourself is always a good idea even if you did intend to stay as a healer forever. You should come and train with us sometime. Arachne gets beaten up by Shadow Stalker regularly to learn how to fight in hand-to-hand - there's no reason why we'd exclude you, if you wanted to try throwing some punches or test out your latest plant-armour thing."

"I'm part of New Wave. I'm not joining your team." She reminds me, leaning her hand over her shoulder to look back at me.

"You're currently part of New Wave." I correct. "Just as Shadow Stalker is currently part of the Wards. She still shows up. And you don't need to stay with them until you're ninety years old. They'll still be family, even if you did join another hero team. Plus, I can promise that Arachne isn't going to say anything about how weird it is that Panacea can grow tentacles out of her costume and Shadow Stalker wouldn't tell anyone just because she dislikes the PRT. If you're not ready to reveal more of your powers, but you still want to experiment... you'll have to get in touch."

"I'll- I'll think about it. Maybe it's a little fast for me. Things have already changed a lot in just a few weeks." She shakes her head, but her words seem more about convincing herself. "I should head back. I think I need to think about things properly. Work out what I really want to do."

"Take your time. We're not going anywhere." Honestly, it didn't matter if she joined my team or not. At the end of the day, by the time I was done - every team in the Bay would be 'my' team. I just had a preference for a team that was more obviously under my control, away from expectations and obligations that I didn't want anything to do with. Faultline's crew got away with things that New Wave would get the hammer dropped on them for - I wanted that same operational freedom and general hands-off approach from the authorities for my team.

"Thanks. I'll call Vicky. My excuse for being out this late is wearing pretty thin at this point." She starts to walk towards the door, then pauses at it - turning towards me wryly. "Care to let me out of the sex-dungeon? Or do I need to dust off a spot in the corner to sleep in?"

I mock-glare at her, ready to retort... except, it's difficult to do that given what we've been doing ever since arriving here. "Just wait until I get you and Vicky in a room at the same time. You'll see the difference."

"Won't ever be able to do that if you get blown up by the bomb lady."

"Don't worry." I state firmly.

I won't make a mistake in this. And I won't take chances on anyone that hasn't been affected by my power. Oni Lee's third and fourth challenges were enlightening, to say the least. And as much as I would like to handwave it off as the kind of alternate-history simulation that my power loves, it didn't need to take any creative liberties with personality or technologies at all to get the bombing spree that I'd seen. If I can't get all of the ABB Capes past their second challenge to at least blunt any of their more homicidal plans, or at least finish off Oni Lee's fourth challenge to hopefully put some kind of moral safeguard on the person that can do the most damage with those bombs... then I'll just kill Bakuda and Oni Lee and be done with it. It would be a shame to lose their future powers, but there's a limit to the risks I'm willing to take. Not for my sake - but for the girls around me.

"I won't lose."

--

AN: New chapter on Patreon and Subscribestar. No differences between them this time around.
Last edited: Aug 5, 2026
Stories:
Defending the Dark Arts: NSFW [Harry Potter] Gilderoy Lockhart's legendary tale of daring, heroism and general incompetence. (Converting from quest into story, please hold)
A Nice Teacher: NSFW [Worm CYOA] OP Nice-Guy-Esque CYOA does lewd perfectly normal things to Earth Bet.
Duellist: NSFW [Worm] Greg Veder brutally murders friends and family in pursuit of the Harem End.
With Our Dying Breath: SFW [Worm/Fate] Taylor Hebert gets a direct line to the Throne of Heroes and a countdown to the end of the world.
Patreon
Subscribestar
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:TheoAnders, kalifianto, Supersaiyanviolet and 527 others
Tamzar
Aug 2, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Moderation
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Raven Aelwood
[NSFW] LIMITLESS: A Greg Veder Fanfic
Raven Aelwood May 19, 2026 Words: 20k action adventure ai assisted gamer fic
Replies27
Views5K
Jun 5, 2026
Raven Aelwood
Raven Aelwood
Chastity
 [NSFW] Getting A Harem Is So Gallant (Worm, Mind Control)
Chastity Wednesday at 09:45 Words: 7.4k 1 2 amy dallon harem mind control
Replies36
Views12K
Today at 13:27
MagnificentMind
MagnificentMind
ManOMars
[NSFW] Warriors of the Epoch (Worm x Power Rangers)
ManOMars Mar 5, 2026 Words: 69k 1 2 3 4 greg veder power rangers worm
Replies94
Views9K
Apr 20, 2026
P_J_Sch
P_J_Sch
jjcoolaid
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Do Not Resuscitate (Worm)
jjcoolaid May 22, 2026 Words: 13k 1 2 3 4 i actually read worm male protag return by death (kinda)
Replies116
Views21K
Aug 9, 2026
Puga
Puga
Darklord331
[NSFW] Broken Bonds
Darklord331 Nov 29, 2025 Words: 18k cyoa greg veder harem
Replies7
Views3K
Dec 18, 2025
Lastword855
Lastword855
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit