Faith for the second run
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/50587237.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Fandom:
Relationships:

Characters:
Additional Tags:

Language:
Stats:

Teen And Up Audiences
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Persona 5
Akechi Goro & Yoshizawa Sumire | Yoshizawa Kasumi, Akechi
Goro/Amamiya Ren, Akechi Goro/Persona 5 Protagonist, Okumura Haru
& Yoshizawa Sumire | Yoshizawa Kasumi, Akechi Goro & Okumura
Haru
Yoshizawa Sumire | Yoshizawa Kasumi, Akechi Goro, Amamiya Ren
(Persona Series), Phantom Thieves of Hearts
Time Loop, Time Travel, Sumi doesn't know what's going on, And
Neither Does Anyone Else, Royal Trio centric, Implied/Referenced
Suicide, Suicidal Ideation, Akechi Goro Has Social Links | Confidants,
Miscommunication, in the sense that the Royal Trio have decided to dig
their graves and lie in them, Canon-Typical Violence
English
Published: 2023-10-05 Updated: 2026-03-25 Words: 712,129 Chapters:
114/?

Faith for the second run
by senblades
Summary

Sumire feels the weight of a year forgotten crash onto her shoulders.
Wasn’t their deadline February third?
And -oh no- It’s April, how had she not noticed entire months passing in Maruki’s false
reality? She checks her phone, and does a double take.
April 4, 2016
2016? But- wasn’t it?
No. Oh no.
“Shoot.” She hisses under her breath.
Well, Sumire thinks somewhat hysterically, it's at least an improvement over being trapped in
Maruki’s reality.
--After Ren makes the wrong decision at the end of the world, Sumire Yoshizawa is thrown a
year into the past, with the vague goal of making things right.
This would, of course, be a significantly easier task if she had any idea what she’s supposed
to do.

Chapter 1
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kasumi wakes up to her alarm blaring at her, light streaming on her face through the curtains.
She lets out an exhausted -happy, happy- sigh, and goes to roll out of bed, almost hitting her
head on the wall when she rolls the wrong way- she must have gotten turned around while
she slept. She’s been doing that a lot, lately.
Kasumi eyes the Shujin uniform hanging neatly on a stand to the side of her desk, and
remembers why she was dreading excited for today. Right, -that’s right- she starts at Shujin
today, her first day of high school.
She goes to start putting on her uniform with a spring in her step, ignoring the tightening in
her chest when her thoughts inevitably turn to Sumire. Sumire had been so excited to start
high school (was she?), and it would have been the first step for the two of them working
towards achieving their dreams; Shujin was famous for its athletes, after all, and the two of
them were gifted honours status for their already impressive gymnastics ledger.
Kasumi wasn’t going to let what could have been get her down, though. She was strong
enough for the two of them, and if Sumire couldn’t be there with her in person, Kasumi could
still reach the top of the gymnastics world with Sumire there in spirit. She wouldn’t falter,
especially not over something that she couldn’t change.
Are you being entirely true to yourself, Cinder?
Of course she was, that was what she had resolved to do, hadn’t she? On a snowy afternoon
in early FebruaryWhat?
Kasumi clutches at her head as she stumbles, vision blurring. She leans against her desk
(wasn’t it a different colour?) and catches her breath. As her vision clears, she pulls the edges
of her lips up into a smile. It wouldn’t do to mope on her first day, would it?
As Kasumi pulls her hair into a ponytail with a ribbon, and waves goodbye to her mother and
father in the living room, she struggles to remember what had put her in a bad mood to begin
with.
***
Kasumi sits in the principal’s office, having been called in just after homeroom. In front of
her sits the principal, with a tall, burly man and a young, tense girl standing to either side of
him. Kasumi feels a bit awkward, sitting down while everyone else towers over her. She

wishes she could stand as well, just to gain the little bit of height her legs would have granted
her, but decides that politeness is more important.
“Well, Yoshizawa-chan,” The principal speaks up, “It is certainly an honour to have such an
impressive student such as yourself join us at Shujin,” his flabby cheeks twist into something
that was likely supposed to be a smile, but gives off more of the effect of a grimace.
“Thank you!” Kasumi smiles brightly in return anyway, “It’s really my dream to come to this
school, and I hope that I don’t disappoint!” She gives as much of a bow as she can while
sitting down.
“Yes, well,” The principal lets his grimace-smile fall back into neutrality, “Your honours
status is quite important, and we hope to give you the best possible facilities here at Shujin to
help you in your athletic endeavours,” he turns to the burly man at his side, “This here is
Mister Kamoshida, our gym teacher.”
“Hello there,” Kamoshida offers, the edges of his mouth raising into a tight smile, while his
eyes leer. Kasumi starts to wonder if it’s her that’s the problem if no one seems to be able to
smile at her normally. Kasumi snaps herself out of her thoughts, “I heard you and your sister
were aiming for the Olympics? Well, in that case, I’m an Olympic medallist myself, so you
can come to me if you have anything you need, alright?” His smile doesn’t get any friendlier.
“Mm hm!” Kasumi tries to pick up the slack for the weird mood in the room, “even with my
sister gone, I’m still hoping to achieve my dream. I’ll keep what you say in mind!” Kasumi
bows again, just for good measure.
“Of course,” The principal answers, and Kamoshida seems satisfied. “This is the Student
Council President, Makoto Niijima,” he turns to the other girl in the room, who somehow
straightens her back even more upon being addressed, “She’ll show you around the facilities,
and can explain more of what being an honour student means.”
“Right,” Niijima gives a bow, “Well, Yoshizawa-san, I can show you around now, if that’s
okay? Your honours status gives you an extended exam period and some time off class, so
you don’t need to worry about missing anything this morning.” Kasumi is thankful that
someone other than her has finally achieved a normal smile, even if it is overly formal.
“Of course, Niijima-senpai,” Kasumi nods, “Oh, and no need to be so formal with me! Just
my given name is okay, I don’t mind so much about honorifics.”
Niijima seems taken aback, but her smile then morphs into something more natural, “Of
course.” She looks away, seemingly unsure, “and, um, you can use my given name as well,
Kasumi-- -chan.”
Kasumi blinks away the weird static. Didn’t that happen earlier? Maybe she should bring it
up with Doctor Maruki. “Right, thank you Makoto-senpai.” Her smile stays fixed, and she
stands to leave the room, with Makoto leading the way.
***

Makoto twists on her heel to face Kasumi as she finishes explaining all of the gym facilities
Shujin has to offer. Her formality hasn’t wavered once during her explanation, and Kasumi
can’t help but compare her to a wind-up doll with how stiff she’s been the whole time.
Though, she thinks, she may have painted a similar picture with how she hasn’t let her smile
waver one bit. Kasumi hopes it isn’t creepy, or anything- she really can’t help the urge to
smile, and she takes it as a sign that she’s finally feeling better (When had she felt sad?)
“All the facilities will be free for you to use at anytime for practice, so long as you keep up
your gymnastics results and maintain your honours status,” Makoto finishes. “If you ever
need anything, you can usually find me in the student council room during breaks, I’m
always happy to help my peers.”
“Noted!” Kasumi fires back cheerfully, “I’ll see you later, Makoto-senpai.”
Makoto smiles and takes her leave. Kasumi goes to check her phone, and sighs as the screen
fails to turn on. She really needs to get that fixed; she doesn’t want to worry her dad by going
MIA for a bit.
The Oracle has already told us it cannot be fixed, don’t you remember, Cinder?
The who?
Kasumi shakes it off. She really needs to see Doctor Maruki again. He’s been so helpful for
her. She makes a note to bring it up as she turns and head home.
***
Kasumi opens the door to her house, and shouts “I’m home!” vaguely into the house. She
gets an echoed response of “Welcome back!” from her parents coming from their bedroom
and the study respectively. She huffs, satisfied with her welcome, and heads to her room.
She pauses at the door to what should have been her room, but, no- right. This isn’t her room,
this is Sumire’s. Maybe she's just been reminiscing too much? She's been feeling a bit off all
dayYou know that is not the case, Cinder.
And there's that voice.
All day, Kasumi has felt like she’s missing something. She really needs to bring that up with
Doctor MarukiWould you really trust that Madman with your soul once again?
What? She’d forgiven him, hadn’t she? Even been gratefulWhat the hell was she thinking about?
The clock ticks ever towards midnight yet again, will you cling to delusions once more?

No. She had promised- She found her resolve, so why-?
So then you know what must be done.
Cinders can be fanned into flame with the proper care. Will you take the stage without a
spell to guide you? Without a prince on whom you can rely?
Yes. Yes. Everyone else may have not known how to truly defy their leader’s decision, but
she knew it was wrong, knew that she would never falter in the face of her own name ever
again, becauseDear Violet, will you remember the past you have forsaken, the future yet to pass?
Yes. Because Sumire Yoshizawa had already proven to everyone that mattered that she was
strong, that she was worth more than just a shadow to Kasumi. And with Ella by her side she
knows that she will not falter again.
But waitRight. Hold on.
Sumire feels the weight of a year forgotten crash onto her shoulders.
Wasn’t their deadline February third?
And -oh no- It’s April, how could they have let it get so out of hand? Did the thieves fail?
What happened to-?
You may want to check the date, dear Violet.
The date? Sumire already knows it’s April, how had she not noticed literal months passing in
Maruki’s false reality? She checks her phone anyway, not one to ignore the advice of her soul
(not anymore, at least), and does a double take.
April 4, 2016
2016? But- wasn’t it?
No. Oh no.
“Shoot.” Sumire hisses under her breath.
Well, Sumire thinks somewhat hysterically, it's at least an improvement over being trapped in
Maruki’s reality.
God, what the hell is she going to do?
***
Sumire takes a deep breath as she turns onto the alley housing Leblanc, sheets of crystalline
snowflakes shimmering like glass shards in the wind. Today was finally the day. The day of

fates. Whatever other dramatic moniker Sumire could imagine to psych herself up. She feels a
smile twitch onto her lips as her excitement outweighs her nervousness. She feels honoured to
be a part of the thieves’ final heist, and she trusts them to see their goal done.
She had felt a bit strange when the rest of the thieves said that they were ‘leaving the final
decision up to Ren’, as though there were any choice at all, but it doesn’t matter to her that
much. She trusts her Senpai to keep his resolve- he had snapped her out of her own delusions
as Kasumi, so she doesn’t think anything Maruki has to say could sway him.
Sumire opens the door to Leblanc, and nods to Sojiro behind the counter while she rubs her
hands together, trying to absorb Leblanc’s warmth.
“The rest of ‘em are already upstairs. Good luck for whatever you kids’re planning” Sojiro
says as his signature friendly smirk twitches onto his lips.
Sumire gives a nod and a smile as she heads toward the attic, “Of course, Sakura-san.”
“I told you to call me Boss!” Sojiro calls as Sumire walks upstairs, stifling a giggle in her
hand.
Her mirth dies rapidly as soon as she sees the rest of the thieves gathered around the usual
table. She feels like she’s walked in on a funeral, somehow. Everyone’s faces are stoic, and
Ren almost looks to be on the verge of tears.
She looks around, noticing they were missing one. Maybe he was late? “Hello everyone!”
Sumire tries to fill the void of emotion as much as she can. “Um, where’s Akechi-san?” It
doesn’t escape her notice how everyone- including Ren, strangely- tenses at the mention of
the absent thief.
“He’s, uh, not coming, probably…” Morgana says awkwardly from his perch on Haru’s lap,
tail flicking nervously.
“What?” Sumire can’t help but gape, “But, he wants this reality destroyed the most out of all
of us, doesn’t he?”
Ren takes a shuddering breath, clearly trying to calm himself. Makoto sighs as the silence
gets to be too stifling.
“Well, apparently Ren has something to tell us? I think he’s been waiting for you to arrive.”
She fidgets with her hands in her lap, betraying her nervousness despite her calm tone.
“Ah, well,” Sumire stutters- she really wishes everyone wasn’t so tense, the mood was
contagious- “What is it then, Senpai?”
Ren takes another deep breath.
“We’re taking Maruki’s deal.” He says quietly, but his words echo with finality.
No one speaks for a moment. Then, everyone moves at once.

Ann gasps and covers her mouth. Ryuji stands up so fast his chair falls over.
“You can’t be serious, man- what- what the hell!” Ryuji runs his hands through his hair.
“I agree.” Yusuke, usually stoic, looks more affronted than Sumire had ever seen him. “You
cannot truly be considering this.”
Their leader sits up to his full height, donning the mask and tone more ‘Joker’ than Ren.
“You all said the final decision was up to me. And I’m making the decision.” In her daze,
Sumire can see his hands shaking.
“Joker…” Morgana sighs.
“Ren-kun.” Haru speaks up, voice steely, “I think that you are also forgetting that we only
make decisions unanimously.”
“Right,” Makoto snaps out of her shock. “We all agreed to face Maruki. You can’t just veto
the decision without our input.”
Sumire still hasn’t sat down. She can hear the humming of static as the thieves argue in the
background. She trusted Ren. He was the one to wake her up from Maruki’s reality in the first
place, so why-?
“You didn’t even get a wish!” Futaba blurts, and Ren goes still at that, “We all told you that
we wanted to face the real reality, so why?” She trails off as her voice starts to shake.
Ann puts her hand on Futaba’s back as she stifles her sobs. “I get it if you want to give us all
happy lives, or something,” Sumire appreciates Ann’s composure in the moment, “But we all
decided that our free will, and the choices we made in our own reality were more important
to us than that! So…” Ann lets out a huff in her confusion.
Morgana hops up onto the table. “It’s because-” he starts,
“Don’t.” Ren interrupts with a gasp. Breaths getting shakier as he continued. “I- I’m sorry,
I-” He chokes back a sob, “I know, I know, that you all said,” he bites his lip and gestures
vaguely, “that you wanted to-” He gasps again, and somewhere faraway Sumire is able to
think that she had never seen him like this, “but, god, I can’t, I can’t lose-”, Ren finally
breaks into full sobs, unable to speak as he buries his face in his hands.
The rest of the thieves are all stunned into silence as their leader cries. Sumire still hasn’t
moved.
Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, looking around uncomfortably. His eyes catch on where
Sumire stands still, and he nods towards her, catching Haru’s attention as well.
“Are you all right, Sumi-chan?” Haru asks softly over the sound of Ren’s shuddering breaths.
But Sumire can’t think. The static was overwhelming, now- Ella clawing at the edges of
Sumire’s mind in despair.

NO! Ella’s call makes Sumire’s knees shake. We cannot retreat to before the bells of
midnight! The glass slippers have shattered, we have found our worth without the
Madman’s spell!
“Sumi?” Ryuji asks nervously, as Sumire feels her breaths getting quicker.
Sumire turns on her heel and runs out of the attic and out of Leblanc, ignoring the cries of
her name from the thieves and from Sojiro as she slams the door behind her.
Why wasn’t he here? Surely, of all the thieves, he would have been able to snap Ren out of it.
Sumire feels the betrayal bind her legs and chest as she stumbles down the street, shards of
snow cutting into her face and hands.
She needs to find Akechi- he was always sure of himself; he would know what to do- he
always does.
But why hadn’t he been at Leblanc? Did he already know that Ren planned to betray them?
Something in Sumire balks at calling it a betrayal- surely Ren has no malice, simply
misguided compassion.
But wasn’t it a betrayal, though? No matter the reason, Ren still aims to trap her in her
delusions yet again, even after he had been so kind, so supportive, of her finding her feet.
Sumire feels anger, anger she had been unable to summon throughout the entirety of their
infiltration through Maruki’s palace begin to bubble within her. How dare he? How dare he
play the saviour, the martyr who denied a perfect world for the sake of his friends’ truth, only
to turn tail and run?
Akechi, she reminds herself, she needs to find Akechi. The thieves never told her what their
grievances with him were, but surely they could agree that his resolve was the only hope they
had if they wanted to stand a chance against Maruki.
She just has to find him. And then***
Sumire gasps as she manages to sort through the last of her recovered memories, collapsed on
her (actually hers, she thinks distantly, not Kasumi’s) bed.
That’s right. Ren had gone back on his word, likely tempted by Maruki’s promises and
supposed compassion. Sumire hesitates to start sorting through how that makes her feel. Ren
had saved her in a way, snapped her out of her dream and Maruki’s brainwashing. She had
trusted him more than anything, the first semblance of security she had since Kasumi diedSumire remembers why she wanted to save thinking about that until later.
She rakes a hand through her hair- her ribbon must have fallen out at some point- and lets out
a long sigh. None of it makes any sense. Sumire can’t think of any reason as to why Ren
would have taken the deal, other than some misguided saviour complex, like Akechi had

always accused Ren of having. She lets out a huff of a laugh at remembering the two’s banter
during January.
Abandoning that fruitless train of thought, Sumire begins to sort through her belongings, still
scattered between her and her twin’s room.
Ah, right. Then there was the time travel.
Sumire honestly thought that, even with the knowledge of the Metaverse and all that entails,
time travel was still something that was restricted to fantasy and sci-fi stories, something for
Futaba and Ryuji to gush about and for Akechi to pretend he wasn’t interested in.
Frankly, this entire situation is absurd.
Sumire really has no idea how she ended up thrown almost a whole year into the past. And
beyond that, she has no idea what she’s supposed to do about it. She also doesn’t really
remember what she was doing during April of 2016- she guesses still grieving her sister, but
even that’s hazy given that all her thoughts were a jumbled mess courtesy of her fully
believing herself to be Kasumi.
Sumire flops back down on her bed, covering her face with her hands and letting out a long
groan. Why me? She thinks, aware that she’s being childish- but really, doesn’t she deserve to
indulge a bit?
Sumire certainly thinks so, so she spends longer than necessary moping on her bed, psyching
herself up for when she inevitably has to rearrange all of her stuff back into her room.
It isn’t like you to give up in the face of adversity, dear Violet.
Sumire scrunches her face up at Ella’s declaration. It wasn’t like Kasumi to give up, she
thinks. Her, on the other hand…
Sumire sits up abruptly. No. Ella was right. She can’t let herself sink back into the depression
that consumed her after Kasumi’s death. She shouldn’t have to rely on anyone just to find the
will to get of bed in the mornings- she had already found her resolve in the false reality, she
won’t lose it just because of one little thing.
Something in her protests at time travel being called ‘one little thing’, but Sumire ignores it
in favour of rushing to Kasumi’s room to grab all the thing she had left there, staggering a bit
as she carries a tower of clothes and gymnastics things back to their rightful place in her
room.
She heads to the bathroom to fix up her hair, straining a smile to herself in the mirror.
It’s okay. She thinks, hands shaking. It’s okay, you’ve got this, you’re Sumire Yoshizawa, you
can do this.
And, for the first time in this timeline since her first session with Doctor Maruki, Sumire lets
herself break down in tears.

***
Sumire rubs her cheeks furiously as her hiccupping sobs die down. She gives a breathy giggle
at the absurdity of it all- she really had just come into the bathroom to fix her hair, not to cry
for however long.
With one final sniff, Sumire slaps her cheeks and washes her face, making her way out into
the kitchen.
Her father is in the middle of making dinner, and he smiles at Sumire as she approaches.
Sumire notices the strained edges to it that she had been ignoring before.
“What’s cooking, dad?” Sumire says with a smile she actually manages to half feel.
“Ah, Sumire!” He scrapes some vegetables into the pot he’s standing over, “Just curry, since
it’s easy and we can have leftovers. Your mom got called in to work a shift at the hospital, so
it’s just us for tonight.”
Sumire can feel her smile become a bit more real at the thought of a nice family dinner.
“Do you want me to help, then?” She offers, “I know that I’ve been a bit of a mess in the
kitchen since, um…” Sumire pauses to try and find a way to explain how she’d been
brainwashed into genuinely believing she was Kasumi in words her dad could understand
without having a heart attack.
Luckily, he interrupts before she has to continue, “Don’t worry about it, Sumire, I know
things haven’t been great recently.” He pauses to taste the curry, “But you can just relax if
you need! How was your first day at Shujin, anyway?”
Right, Shujin. Sumire had completely forgotten in her scatteredness, but she had met the
soon-to-be Queen, the principal, and Kamoshida today, hadn’t she?
“Um!” Sumire offers in place of saying that she met someone who was going to confess to
various horrific crimes in a month and someone who was going to die six months after that.
“It was really great, actually. I think that the facilities are going to help me a lot, and the extra
time they’re giving me from my honours status is really great as well.”
Her father beams as she lets the half-truth spill from her lips. “That’s great!” His smile
becomes more genuine, as well. “Well, you can get some rest, then. I’ll call you when
dinner’s ready.” Sumire nods and goes to head back to her room.
“Oh, one more thing!” her father calls after her and she pauses mid step. “Don’t forget you
have another session with Doctor Maruki this Wednesday.”
Sumire goes still, her athletes balance the only thing keeping her from falling face-first, “Oh!
Um…” she scrambles for an excuse, “Ah, is it okay if we actually cancel? I’ve kind of had an
epiphany, and I don’t feel like I really need his help as much anymore! And I’d hate to make
you guys waste any money on it or anything!” Sumire really hopes she sounds halfway
convincing.

You’re doing wonderfully, Cinder.
Her father pauses, concern etched onto the lines of his face, “Are you sure? It’s not a bother
for me or your mother at all.”
“Yep!” Sumire pops the ‘p’, hoping again that she has a hidden penchant for acting. “I’m also
not sure that Doctor Maruki’s advice was really the best for me, anyway. I think this was
something I had to overcome on my own.”
“Well, alright.” Her father says, still clearly hesitant, “But you know there’s no shame in
asking for help when you need it right-?”
“Of course!” Sumire interrupts, waving her hands in front of her, “But I just think that Doctor
Maruki was encouraging me to run away from my problems, is all, and I don’t really.. want to
do that anymore.” She mumbles as she trails off.
“That’s fine then,” Her father says, looking somewhat relieved, “I’ll call him to cancel.”
Sumire breathes a sigh of relief and heads back towards her room.
“Just tell me if you want to try seeing someone else!” Her father calls, still from the kitchen.
“Got it!” Sumire quickly closes the door behind her and slides onto the floor, resting her head
on her knees.
It’s a start, Violet.
Yes, a start.
She can do this.
… She just needs to figure out what ‘this’ is.
***
Sumire wakes up in her bed (actually hers) to her alarm blaring (her alarm is so much more
annoying compared to Kasumi’s) and the sun shining on her face. (The curtains are the right
colour)
She sighs with more drama than necessary and moves blindly to turn off her alarm. She eyes
her Shujin uniform like it’s offended her personally- it’s a bit more wrinkled today, she hadn’t
been bothered to iron it after the previous night’s revelations.
She sighs again with the knowledge that she definitely isn’t bothered to iron it this morning,
either. That’s fine, it’s not like it’s a completely crumpled mess. She forgoes putting up her
hair, and chooses glasses over contacts. She laughs a bit as she remembers that she actually
forgot to put in contacts half the time she thought she was Kasumi- Her sister hadn’t needed
glasses, so she just ignored her subpar eyesight, placated by Maruki’s actualisation.
Actually, would Maruki’s reality have fixed her eyesight? If he could bring back the dead,
why not, right?

Sumire lets her train of thought carry her through her morning routine, going through the
motions of making a double-layered bento to sustain her afternoon practice.
She’s still in her thoughts when she hears a familiar voice (but it’s wrong, wrong, how had
she never noticed before?) cut through her haze.
“You’re rather impressive, Akechi-san, a detective at your age? And so many cases solved,
too!”
Sumire’s eyes widen as Akechi’s tinkling laughter comes through the speakers of her TV.
“It’s nothing so dramatic,” Sumire’s nose scrunches at Akechi’s light and smooth tone, “I’m
simply doing my job within law enforcement- my elder peers are deserving of as much praise
as I, if not more.”
Sumire can’t help but raise an eyebrow as the co-host titters a reply, “Ah, and so humble, as
well! No wonder you’ve captured the hearts of Japan’s younger generation, Akechi-kun!”
Akechi’s responding laugh sounds identical to the last one he gave, and Sumire tunes out the
rest of the conversation as she tries to get over the whiplash of Akechi’s interview personality
comparative to the truth she had seen in January.
But he had acted like that in person, too, hadn’t he? Before January, Akechi’s interview
personality and conversational personality were nearly identical. Of all the thieves, Sumire
really knows the least about Akechi, especially surrounding their history. She wishes she had
pushed him for more answers back then- she had always wanted to know him better.
As yet another identical laugh of Akechi’s floats from the TV, and Sumire giggles a bit as she
tries to reconcile that with his deranged cackle, or his airy pleasantries with when he told Ren
to ‘Shut the fuck up before I gut you with the dullest thing I can find in this damn
laboratory’.
Her mood sufficiently improved, Sumire finishes with making her bento, and makes a note to
ask her dad about Akechi. The man had always been an enigma. But now, she has the time to
get to know him, doesn't she?
Sumire calls out a goodbye to her parents, and begins her commute towards Shujin.
***
Sumire goes through the motions of the morning, jumping when the bell for lunch rings. She
figures her decision of where to sit is made for her when the rest of her class splits off into
their own cliques immediately after class is dismissed.
She huffs a bit- even time travel hasn’t given her the ability to make friends easier, huh? She
collects her things, and makes her way towards the stairwell. The roof was never a bad place
to eat lunch, and she can get lost in her thoughts there without feeling too weird for spacing
out.

Sumire yelps and jumps back as a mess of blonde barrels into her from around a corner,
knocking her glasses off her face. She ducks quickly to grab them before they can get
crushed, as her assailant squeaks from above.
“Omigosh, I am so sorry!” The girl gasps, clearly out of breath from rushing somewhere,
and- wait, isn’t that-?
Sumire fixes her glasses on her face and comes face to face with Ann Takamaki, her hands
clasped over her mouth from shock and face flushed with embarrassment.
“I’m so, so sorry!” Ann repeats, flustered, “I was just in a rush, and, ugh, damnit-”
Sumire interrupts her in a panic, hoping she doesn’t look as embarrassed as she feels, “No,
no, it’s fine! I was distracted as well, it’s not your fault!” she waves her hands in front of her,
feeling more flustered the longer this interaction goes on.
“Ugh, really?” Ann huffs a sigh of relief, “That’s good,” She fiddles with one of her pigtails,
“Well, um, bye-”
“Oh, wait!” Sumire wrings her hands together. And, wow, she really is bad at keeping her
cool, never mind acting, “Your name is Ann Takamaki, right?”
Ann immediately stiffens, looking defensive, “Yeah, uh, what of it?”
“Oh, no, nothing bad!” Sumire waves her hands in front of herself again, “I just wanted to
introduce myself, Takamaki-senpai,” Sumire opts for formality. They’ve never met before,
after all, “I’m Sumire Yoshizawa.” She ends with a bow and a small smile.
Ann’s defensiveness melts immediately, “Oh wow, you’re so polite!” She lets out a carefree
laugh that Sumire is far more familiar with, “You’re a first year, yeah? Oh, wait, are you that
new honours student?”
“Um, yes!” Sumire lets out the tension she didn’t realise she had been hoarding as Ann’s
demeanour becomes more friendly.
“Oh, gymnastics, yeah?” Ann’s smile becomes even brighter, somehow, “My best friend is an
athlete, too! She’s on the volleyball team, and she’s so amazing. I was actually going to meet
up with her just now, but it was so cool to meet you, Yoshizawa-chan!” Ann gives a bright
wave as she skips off in a much calmer manner than her rushing from earlier.
“Oh, you as well!” Sumire calls after her, blushing slightly at the blonde’s enthusiasm.
She stands awkwardly for a few seconds, before remembering that she’s in the middle of a
hallway, and rushes towards the roof yet again. Somewhat solemnly, Sumire realises that her
conversation with Ann confirms that she doesn’t remember the past year- that or she was
pretending not to know, for some reason or another. Sumire supposes that it’s not like she
outright said ‘I’m from the future, Ann-senpai’ or anything, either. Though, Ann’s reactions
had definitely seemed genuine, too.

Sumire decides that the jury’s still out. She really hopes that she isn’t the only one in this
mess. It seems a lonely mess to be in.
Sumire sighs and pushes open the door to the roof, only to yelp again as she sees she isn’t
alone. Ryuji Sakamoto paces in circles on the roof, grumbling something as he runs his hands
through his hair angrily. What is she, a thief magnet? Or maybe a blonde magnet, she
considers in the midst of her shock.
Ryuji turns as Sumire makes a sound, and gives her a death glare she doesn’t entirely feel she
deserves.
“What do you want, huh?” Ryuji puffs out his chest and leans on one leg, “Gonna rat me out
to a teacher or something?”
“What? No!” Sumire waves her hands in front of her for what must be the third time todayshe really needs a better way of explaining herself, “I was just coming up here to eat
lunch…” She lifts her bento from her bag half-heartedly.
“Oh, shit that’s a huge lunch,” Ryuji says, aggressive demeanour evaporating in an instant,
“Oh, I mean,” He deflates a bit, “Sorry for snappin’ at ya’. I just had a run in with a teacher
s’all, or- well, I didn’t, but he was harrassin’ Takamaki and- yeah” He gestures vaguely in the
air, clearly not sure how to explain himself. “But, oh, right! You’re a first year, huh? I’m
Ryuji Sakamoto.” A big grin splits his face, and Sumire feels comforted just by the sight of it.
“Nice to meet you, Sakamoto-senpai!” A matching smile spreads across her face, “I’m
Sumire Yoshizawa.”
“Ohh, the honours student, huh?” Ryuji scratches the back of his head, leaning back on one
of the stacked tables, “I used to be an athlete too, but I, uh, quit.” He looks sheepish as he
averts eye contact.
“Right,” Sumire decides not to press it. She makes her way to sit down at one of the tables
and opens her lunch, “You mentioned that a teacher was harassing Takamaki-senpai?” Sumire
remembers the scandal last (this?) year involved Ann, could it have been..?
“Yeah, that bastard Kamoshida just wouldn’t leave her alone.” Ryuji spits, kicking his leg
back and forth. He puts his face in his hands and groans, “Shit, I dunno why she puts up with
that asshole.”
Sumire nods unhappily, her suspicions confirmed, “Maybe he’s threatening her, or
something?” She pokes at her bento pensively, “I mean, he is a teacher, after all.”
“Damnit, your right. Everyone in the damn school doesn’t have a bad thing to say about
Mister Kamoshida” Ryuji sings his name mockingly. He sighs, biting his lip. “Well, uh, sorry
for bringing down the mood n’ stuff” he smiles sheepishly.
“Oh, it’s not a problem, Sakamoto-senpai!” Sumire’s face brightens again.

“Agh, enough of that ‘Sakamoto’ stuff” Ryuji waves his hand dismissively, “I thought I’d be
fine with it since you added ‘senpai’ to it, but it still kinda sounds like it’s a teacher talkin’ to
me. Just Ryuji’s fine.”
Sumire nods, smile even wider at Ryuji’s antics. “You’ve got it, Ryuji-senpai.”
“Hey, that’s more like it! Anyways, you’ve gotta tell me your workout routine,”
The two continue chatting for the rest of the break. Sumire feeling her buried enthusiasm for
her sport being brought out in spades through Ryuji’s encouragement.
“Join me for a run sometime!” Ryuji calls as they split off to their respective classes, Sumire
nodding enthusiastically in return.
It’s nice, Sumire thinks, that the thieves are still the same as ever, even through their
hardships. And even without their memories, she thinks with a tinge of melancholy.
And, right, it looks like its three for three on the ‘thieves not remembering’ front. Neither
Makoto, Ann, nor Ryuji have shown any sign so far of remembering who Sumire is- though
had they always been so friendly upfront? But from what Sumire remembers, the thieves
being overly familiar was sort of the norm, so that doesn’t really prove anything.
She sighs, and thinks about the month to come.
If Ryuji and Ann really remembered anything, they would have sprinted into the Metaverse
the first chance they got to change Kamoshida’s heart- but they both seem trapped in their
situations.
Though, could Sumire do anything? Maybe she could deal with Kamoshida, before anything
got worse? She doesn’t know his keywords, but it shouldn’t be too hard to figure out, right?
Sumire turns into the bathroom and pulls out her phone, going to check the Metanav to see if
she can guess anything. Upon opening her phone, she scans for the familiar black and red
(and later holographic silver) icon, finding nothing.
It seems that a Persona is not the prerequisite for acquiring the Nav, Cinder.
It certainly seems that way, indeed.
Sumire worries her lip between her teeth in frustration. Well, what was she even going to do
with the Nav, anyway? Complete Kamoshida’s palace on her own? Bring in Ann and Ryuji
and hijack the thieves from Ren as their new leader? She really has no idea as to what the
thieves were doing at any given point in time outside of their actions in January, and she's
hesitant to mess with any fixed events without knowing what she's doing. What was it that
Futaba called it? the butterfly effect? Sumire definitely doesn’t want things to spiral so far
that she’s even more in the dark than she would have been before. What if someone dies
because she acts carelessly? She knows how dangerous some of the thieves’ previous targets
were- mentioning Shido alone was enough for all of them to tense up.

No, she needs more information. And also the Nav, but that’s a problem for when the thieves
are actually established.
Actually, Sumire thinks, where was Ren? She remembers his arrival caused quite a stir in the
last timeline.
He's probably arriving in the next week then, and there's nothing she can do until then, if his
arrival sparks the thieves’ formation. Sumire bites her lip a little harder. She strongly dislikes
feeling useless.
Well, she isn’t completely useless, is she? She still has future knowledge that she can make
use of, and she’s already been acquainted with Makoto. So, there is actually something she
can do.
***
After school, Sumire heads to the student council room.
“Makoto-senpai?” Sumire pokes her head into the room tentatively.
“Oh, yes?” Makoto is sitting at the table in the centre of the room, looking over some
paperwork. Sumire takes a seat across from her.
“I’m really sorry to bother you, Makoto-senpai, and I know that it’s a bit unbecoming of me
to talk about this on only my second day here, but,” Sumire pauses, unsure how to phrase it,
“I’ve, um, heard some rumours? About Mister Kamoshida, and how he’s been harassing
students, specifically Takamaki-senpai.” Sumire knows realistically that Makoto on her own
is not enough to stop Kamoshida, but maybe she can curb the damage?
Makoto looks a bit shocked at Sumire’s words, her eyes widening. “Oh!” She fidgets in her
chair, “Those are some pretty hefty accusations – I’m not saying that you’re lying, though,”
She backpedals, looking unsure. “Hm, I suppose, are you sure that these rumours are true?
And not just, well, rumours?”
Sumire winces a bit. That doesn’t seem like the Queen she knows at all. She guesses that a
year is a long time to change as a person, and she never really interacted with the phantom
thief strategist before she had acquired the title. But that's going to make this more difficult if
Makoto is hesitant to challenge authority.
“Well, I guess not,” Sumire concedes, “But Takamaki-senpai and Ryuji-senpai both seemed
really stressed, and I’m a little worried about them.”
“Right, well,” Makoto relaxes into her chair slightly, clasping her hands together, “If they
have any complaints, they can bring it up with the faculty if they have evidence.” She looks
much calmer now that the conversation has steered into safer waters. “Is there anything else
you needed, Sumire-chan?”
Sumire sighs, defeated.
There are still other avenues of change, Cinder.

Right. This is no time to throw in the towel.
“No, that’s all, Makoto-senpai. I’ll see you later!” She bows and takes her leave.
She can still find other ways to change what is to come, and she can definitely make some
change once she gets the Nav.
***
Sumire flops face first onto her bed the minute she gets home. She barely remembers to take
off her glasses as she buries her face uncomfortably into her pillow.
She's exhausted. She thought she knew ‘exhausted’ after she remembered she was Sumire the
first time around, but this takes the cake.
She spent so long relying on others; Kasumi’s strength to pull her through life, Maruki’s
delusions so she didn’t have to face herself, Ren’s kindness when she resolved to stand on her
own. She feels a bit pathetic that she still had to rely on someone, even when she was
specifically trying to become more independent.
And now, she’s alone. Completely. She had managed to make friends, find a group, work
towards something greater than herself, and now they don’t even remember her.
The person she trusted most in the whole world betrayed her and he probably isn’t even
going to remember what he did. Let alone remember Sumire.
She bites back a sob. She can’t do this, not right now- she already cried yesterday, she isn’t
allowed to do it two days in a row. She desperately doesn’t want to slip back into how she
was the two weeks after Kasumi died, before she had her first session with Doctor Maruki.
Ha, Maruki had betrayed her too, huh? And she was so pathetic that she hadn’t even been
able to get mad about it. She wonders what changed to allow her to get mad at Ren. Maybe
because it didn’t seem like it was about her? He was going to ruin the world and she was
nothing more than collateral damage. Maybe. She’s too much of a wreck right now to
decipher anything she’s feeling other than ‘ugh’.
She can figure it out in the morning.
I’ll hold you to it, Violet.

Chapter End Notes

Thanks for stopping by!
What's up with ao3 end notes? who knows!
Anyway- author note from the future, i guess:
I made cover art for this fic, and it seemed appropriate to link it in the first chapter. You
can check it out here!
EDIT: Hi! me from the future again- I made a comic for a scene in this chapter, and it
seemed prudent to link it in, well, this chapter. Find it here!

Chapter 2
Chapter Summary

Sumire continues her reconaissance, and scrambles for some more information.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi bites back a sigh. He desperately wants to break something, but that would probably
garner some weird looks, so he refrains.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO? JUST CUSS EVERYONE OUT IN YOUR HEAD?
Loki isn’t helping. The offending creature cackles at Akechi’s annoyance.
This is perhaps an excersise in futility, Bird.
Neither is Robin. Loki laughs some more.
He must have lucked out on a fucking miracle if both his personas were in agreement. Not
that it helps him, anyway. The lack of a migraine just made room for the two to sass him
while he’s trying to think.
The past two days have been... unpleasant, he finally admits as he forces himself into the
subway. He closes his eyes and breathes deeply, fighting the urge to shout and claw as people
brush against him in the crowded car. He opts for digging his fingernails into his palms,
instead. It's fine. It works. It was a bit stifling, actually, but he definitely isn’t going to take
off his glovesWait, hadn’t he…?
…
He hates that his personas have been going quiet, lately. More than when they can’t shut up.
He’d been fine the week before. Mostly. But now he can’t ride the goddamn subway with
needing to stare holes into the floor. He doesn't think about pulsing walls coated in blood, and
tugs on his gloves. He doesn’t mind it that much, really, but he does mind if he looks insaneso he doesn’t look. Removes all evidence that the detective prince is anything other than an
above-average high school student.
“Shibuya, this is Shibuya,”

Right, he needs to move.
Akechi drifts towards the next train line, mask nailed firmly in place, just animated enough to
not seem stiff. He readjusts his tie, reaching for anything socially acceptable to do that
doesn’t make him seem like a fidgety child.
He readjusts his tie again- he can play it off as doing it wrong the first time- and steps onto
the train towards Kichijoji.
The subway is emptier, this time -thank fuck- and he manages to find a seat, avoiding looking
at the subway tunnels by scrolling through his phone.
He checks his emails, and, ah- there’s one from Yoshizawa. The director wants to keep in
correspondence to bring Akechi back for another interview. He types some bullshit
affirmative about keeping his schedule open, knowing that he’ll force the schedule when he
wants Akechi to sit pretty in front of some cameras.
Akechi digs his nails into his palms a little deeper.
Finally arriving in Kichijoji, he lets himself breathe a little more. He could probably spare a
trip to Jazz Jin if he’s lucky. He scoffs to himself. That’s a funny joke.
Sure enough, his phone dings, as if on command to ruin any semblance of a good mood
Akechi had cobbled together.
YOU COULD ALWAYS THROW IT IN A DITCH. LEAVE THEM ON DELIVERED.
Don’t.
Ignoring his personas now that they were safely making noise again, He checks his phone.
It’s Sae, emailing some paperwork that had to be done by- Tomorrow, seriously? Fucking of
course. It’s like she’s completely forgotten that Akechi has better things to do than be some
honorary secretary.
You should wait before you get started. He might call.
Yes, he might. He’d been letting Akechi have too much freedom, lately - he was due to cause
some misery.
Opening the door to his apartment, Akechi doesn’t drop the mask. There's no point. He
doesn't like what's underneath anymore than everyone else does. So he goes through the
motions, pleasant neutrality still stapled to his face. He makes a cup of instant coffee (he’s
tasted better. What? Where?) and sits down in front of his laptop at his coffee table.
Right on cue, Akechi thinks, as his phone rings.
He finally pries the mask of the detective prince off, replacing it with its required counterpart.
The mask of a good little attack dog, who’s sharp enough to fool everyone but, no sir, never
you, he’s always loyal-

Akechi also drags himself deep underneath the surface, drowning it to let the mask do the
talking.
“This is Akechi.” He picks up on the second ring.
“Like to keep me waiting, do you?” The Asshole slurs, and -oh, good- he’s drunk.
“Of course not, sir.” Somewhere, Akechi really hopes the fucker has a killer hangover
tomorrow.
“The Minister of Transport has been neglecting his position a bit too long, don’t you think?”
What the hell was he getting at? Akechi’s consciousness, wherever he left it, is not in the
mood for games.
“Certainly, sir,” It seems that he is in the mood to tolerate them, however.
“Perhaps you should draw some attention to his poor craftsmanship. I hear that some of his
workers need a break.” The prick chuckles like the two of them are in on a joke. Akechi
guesses that they are, in a way. The thought makes him want to throw up though, so he stops
thinking it.
But- oh, just a breakdown? Annoying that he has to research the targets himself, but
whatever. Akechi’s not complaining, wherever he is. Loki’s been itching to wreak havoc,
anyway.
“Of course, sir. When would be best?”
“As soon as possible. Make sure people hear about it. Don’t fuck up.” And he hangs up
before Akechi can reply. Asshole.
He sighs, and puts his phone down. He doesn’t take off this mask, either. He doesn’t think he
can, without replacing it with another, equally stifling, one. So he sits. And does the
paperwork. And doesn’t think about derailing a train. Doesn’t think about how the smell of
coffee makes him want to break either the wall or his fist. Doesn’t think about the shitty week
he’s been having. And certainly doesn’t think about how loud the static in his head is without
the fractured manifestations of his soul there to cover it up.
Akechi finishes the paperwork, and doesn’t go to sleep.
***
Sumire wakes up on Wednesday, and goes through her morning routine much the same, a bit
more forced pep in her step.
After having had yet another breakdown the previous night, she concludes that she really
needs to get her act together. So, she bunches her hair up in a ponytail as an homage to
Kasumi, puts on her glasses (the contacts always made her eyes itch- really, how did she
stand it at all last year?) and waves a cheerful goodbye to her parents, who are both
miraculously in the house that morning.

Realistically, she’s already made a lot of headway in all this time travel business. She’s
already spared herself from Doctor Maruki’s sessions, and she’s met and made friends
(acquaintance?) with three of the nine thieves other than herself.
An excellent start, if she says so herself. She’d definitely give herself at least an 8 out of 10.
You have certainly made impressive progress, Cinder.
Ella always backs her up, even if it is just from the confines of her mind.
Sumire really doesn’t know what she’d do without her persona in this mess. She’s aware that
Ella is, technically, just her; but ‘her’ still has a slightly different voice and can chime in with
a pep talk unprompted that definitely still comes from Sumire’s unconscious mind, but it’s
nice to force it into her conscious thoughts either way.
In the vein of making progress, though, Sumire really needs to get to finding the last of the
four Shujin thieves (excluding Ren, but he isn’t here yet).
Haru was always a bit reserved, but Sumire always appreciated her calm steel lying in wait
under her veneer of polite sweetness. Also, her vegetables were pretty amazing.
Sumire does a quick check around the floor with all the third-year classes when she gets to
Shujin that morning, but comes up empty. She must be somewhere else, Sumire thinks, or
hiding- it’s definitely not hard to spot Haru in a crowd, her brown hair was borderline pink,
and she's never seen fluffier locks on a person’s head.
Defeated, Sumire makes her way back up to the roof for lunch once break starts. She sighs,
wondering what her goal even is in introducing herself to the future thieves. She always felt
like she was never quite part of their group- a consequence for joining so late, she knows.
She feels awkwardly manipulative when she thinks about it like ‘ingratiating herself with the
thieves early’, like she’s conducting a weird time travel social experiment rather than just
trying to make friends.
But it’s definitely easy to feel detached from the situation when you’ve lived it all beforeThe door to the roof creaks open.
“Oh, shit, hey!” Ryuji’s voice calls from the rooftop entrance.
“Oh! Hello, Ryuji-senpai.” Sumire’s face brightens as she gestures to one of the chairs near
her, which Ryuji politely ignores in favour of sitting on one of the wobbly tables.
“I, uh, didn’t expect to find you coming back up here again,” He rubs the back of his neck,
sheepish grin in full force, “I figured that a teacher or somethin’ woulda told ya’ not to hang
out with me again, since, um, y’know,” He gestures to himself, “delinquent?”
Sumire giggles into her hand, “I thinks that anyone who says that doesn’t know you very
well, Senpai.”

“Well shit.” Ryuji’s grin widens, “That’s real sweet, but isn’t this like our second
conversation?”
Whoops. “I’m a very good judge of character!” Sumire blurts.
Convincing.
Shush, you.
“Hey, you’re pretty alright, Sumire,” Ryuji laughs, unphased.
“T-thank you, Senpai.” Sumire recovers, smile spreading back onto her face. “I’m, um, not
very good at making friends, either, so I kind of know how it feels,” she looks away,
fidgeting.
“Yeah, I feel that.” Ryuji huffs, “I used to be part of a whole crowd, but, I guess I fucked it
up.”
“I’m sure that it wasn’t your fault-”
“Nah, I mean,” he scrubs his hands over his face, “I’m not gonna go into the whole thing,
but, I did something when I was a part of the old track team that, well, it felt right. At the
time.”
Sumire nods for him to go on.
“I did somethin’ that ruined everything for everyone else, and I knew, somewhere, deep
down, when I did it that it was gonna have consequences or whatever and everyone was
‘prolly gonna hate me,” His mouth twists into a grimace, “But I had to do somethin’ right? I
couldn’t just stand there and take what I was gettin’”
Sumire nods, contemplative. Knowing something’s wrong but doing it anyway, huh?
Ren’s gasping sobs, the thieves shocked silence,
Maybe she’s just drawing parallels out of nothing. She shakes herself out of it.
“I still don’t think it could have been entirely your fault, Ryuji-senpai.” Sumire settles on.
She points to herself, smiling, “Good judge of character, remember?”
“Well, I guess it’s in the past n’all. For me, anyway.” He mutters darkly.
Sumire swallows, remembering the teacher yet to confess, and the bruises on a team not yet
liberated.
“I’m sure things will get better. You just have to do your best!” Sumire really hopes it sounds
like actual advice and not just an empty platitude.
“Y’think?” He doesn’t look fully convinced. “Ah well, I didn’t mean to bring down the
mood,” a messy attempt at a subject change, but Sumire obliges.

“It’s fine! I didn’t get to finish telling you about everything I do for my diet yesterday!”
“Ohhh, shit yeah. I usually just load up on a bunch of carbs or something before a big run,
but you really seem like you’ve got it all figured out,”
Sumire continues the conversation in safer waters, and thinks about what she's supposed to
do about this.
***
Sumire calls back her usual “I’m home!” into her house as she gets back, and nearly jumps
out of her skin when her father’s voice responds from the living room barely a metre away
rather than from the study.
“Oh, welcome back, Sumire.” Her dad gives a wave, and he goes back to watching the TV.
On it is- oh, it’s?
“You’re rather impressive, Akechi-san, a detective at your age? And so many cases solved,
too!”
“Oh, it’s nothing so dramatic…”
Her father must notice her staring, because he starts talking again, “Oh, that’s just a re-run
from the other day. Akechi-san really brought up our ratings, especially from the younger
generation!” He chuckles, “I’ve actually already e-mailed him to see if we could schedule
another interview…”
Sumire feels it’s safe to tune her dad out at this point. Akechi… she really needs to find him.
Oh, who is she kidding? It’s not like Akechi holds the secrets to time travel, or anythingthough it’s not like Sumire would know, with how close the detective kept his cards to his
chest. Maybe he really does remember the last year, and is just opting to ignore reaching out
to everyone in favour of doing some ‘I don’t need friends’ thing that he enjoyed so much in
January.
Actually, Sumire thinks, that does sound like something he’d do. She should probably file
that one as a ‘maybe’.
But beyond speculations, Sumire really feels like she needs (wants, she corrects herself) to
talk to Akechi. Despite his prickly nature (“like a hedgehog,” Ren had said once, a fond quirk
to his lips), Akechi had been a source of stability in January, thanks largely in part to his
fellow ‘outsider’ status with Sumire.
He had always put on something of a front, but Sumire always found his advice and blunt
commentary helpful- even if he’d be annoyed if she ever said so to his face.
But now, it isn’t like she can just walk up to a minor celebrity andWait.

Can’t she?
“Hey, dad.” Sumire interrupts her father’s monologue which had trailed into the nuances of
directing a talk show, “Can I ask you something?”
He pauses, and immediately looks nervous, “Yes? What is it?”
“Oh, nothing bad!” She quickly shakes her head, “I was just thinking about the last time I
met Akechi-san, when Kasumi and I tagged along for the filming?” Her father nods, cocking
his head to the side, “I was just wondering if I could tag along again when Akechi-san is
there? I feel like it would be a good time to talk to him, rather than ambushing him on the
street, or something…” Sumire laughs awkwardly, suddenly aware of how strange her
request might sound.
Her father’s face splits into a teasing grin, “Oh, are you a fan of the Detective Prince,
Sumire?”
“D-dad!” Damn, Sumire was really trying to avoid this, and it doesn’t help that she's
genuinely flustered, “I just want to talk to him, he seemed really nice,” She pointedly does
not think about the man in question growling about wanting to flay Maruki’s skin off, “And I
feel like we could be friends!” that was the truth, at least.
Her father’s chuckles die down, “Of course, Sumire, I’m just teasing. Well, I’ll see what I can
do,” he gives a reassuring nod, which Sumire returns before heading back to her room.
She sighs, crisis averted. She takes her phone out of her pocket to check her texts, and to
maybe see if the Metanav has decided to make an appearance? It felt a bit silly to refer to a
phone app as though it was sentient, but it definitely felt like it sometimes.
And, her phone wasn’t turning on. Great. Well, maybe she could take it to some tech
specialist to get it fixed“Yep, that thing’s donezo.” Futaba declares solemnly, tossing the recently claimed deceased
phone back at Sumire.
“You really can’t fix it?” Sumire says, somewhat solemn as she inspects her, admittedly
nearly shattered, phone.
“Well, I could,” Futaba only half looks up from her laptop, “But I’d have to replace like,
every component in that thing to get it halfway functioning again, and at that point you might
as well just buy a new one.”
Right, she had asked Futaba back in January. No point in arguing against an expert opinion.
Well, if she’s going to need a new phone at some point, might as well get it now, right?
“Hey dad,” Sumire walks back out into the living room again, “I’m just going to head out to
buy a new phone, mine’s pretty much busted,” She waves it in the air sheepishly.

Her father looks up, a look of concern painted on his face, “Are you sure? I mean, are you
sure you don’t want me to drive you?”
“Yeah, it’s fine!” She waves dismissively as she slides on her shoes, “I’m sticking to the
Kichijoji area, so it’s not like I’m going far.”
“Well, alright,” He turns back to looking at the TV, and Sumire slides out of the door.
***
“Akechi-san!”
Sumire can see Akechi’s shoulder’s slump overdramatically, as he turns his head slightly to
acknowledge Sumire’s presence.
“Yes, Yoshizawa-san?” He sounds uninterested, causing Sumire to second guess this
interaction entirely.
“Well, um,” She avoids eye contact, embarrassed- Akechi still hasn’t fully turned around. “I
just wanted to apologise for everything that happened today, in the palace.”
Akechi lets out a huff that could have been a laugh, and Sumire really hopes it isn’t at her
expense. “If you’re feeling well enough to run after me for a pointless conversation, then
perhaps we can tear through Maruki’s palace right now,” he doesn’t even bother making it
sound like a question. Sumire feels a bit put out at not being worth the sarcasm.
“No, I still feel pretty awful, actually,” She admits, “But what I did to you and Ren-senpai
was awful as well.”
Sumire can hear the eye roll as Akechi sighs and properly turns to face her.
“What you did was entirely under duress, I don’t care, and neither does Ren, I’m sure.” His
lips twitch into a small smirk, “In fact, I can guarantee it.”
“You sound so sure…” Sumire trails off, still not meeting the other’s eyes.
“Let’s just say I have firsthand knowledge giving me full confidence that Ren will forgive
literally any slight against him.” He cocks his head, “Also, you were being brainwashed, and
Ren loves to preach about the value of agency.”
Sumire gives a breathy laugh at that. She has yet to unravel the mess that is Ren and Akechi’s
dynamic, but she finds that she enjoys their antics. “I still feel bad, and I dragged the rest of
the Phantom thieves into it as well.”
Akechi actually barks a laugh at that, “Trust me,” He grins, “Ren may have the biggest
saviour complex of the bunch, but the others certainly have their fair share of pity to throw
around. I’m sure if you just bat your eyelashes and say, ‘pretty please’ they’ll all be falling
over themselves to let you into their group.”

Something in Sumire curdles at that, “I don’t want pity,” She whispers unthinkingly, “I had
enough of that after Kasumi died. I want to prove I can stand on my own.”
Akechi’s expression goes flat at that. “Well, what do you know,” He turns around again to
start walking, “We appear to have something in common.”
Sumire blinks, and then quickly jogs to catch up again, stumbling to keep pace with the taller
man.
“You’ve certainly found your resolve,” Akechi says lightly over his shoulder, “I’m almost
impressed. I thought it would take much longer.”
Sumire smiles despite herself, “’Almost’ impressed? I think that’s the highest praise I’ve ever
heard you sing, Senpai!”
Akechi grimaces, “Fuck, don’t call me that. Just Akechi is fine.”
“Akechi-san, then.”
“Better.” He doesn’t smile, but he does stop grimacing, so Sumire takes it as a win.
They walk in silence for a bit, Sumire unsure what else to say.
“Um,” She starts, and Akechi raises and eyebrow, “I’m sorry. I really did just catch up with
you to apologise. I didn’t mean to just start dumping all of my problems on you.” She fidgets
with her hands self-consciously.
“It’s not a problem,” Akechi returns smoothly, his apparent disinterest back in full force,
“You clearly needed to get it off your chest, and I’m sure after what just happened today,
Ren’s platitudes are not what you need.”
Sumire can’t quite think of a response before Akechi speaks again, “Anyway, you really
should get some rest, Yoshizawa-san. You’ll need to be at full strength if you’ve found the will
to take on this palace.”
Sumire jumps a bit, “You really think they’ll let me join?”
Akechi’s face twists into a scowl, “Yes, that’s what I’ve been saying this whole time, haven’t
I?” he huffs, and splits off onto another road, throwing a vague wave behind his head, “See
you later, Yoshizawa.”
Sumire blinks for a few seconds. Before taking a deep breath and shaking some of the snow
out of her hair, just a little more determined than she had been before.
***
Sumire stares at all the options in front of her.
Just pick one! Right.

She can do that.
Her fingers clench around her broken phone in her hand. Should she just get the same model?
Or should she upgrade? Or get a new one entirely? Hell, maybe she should just get a brick
phone and be done with it.
She’s actually kind of curious how the Metanav would manifest on a phone that doesn’t do
apps. Not that she’s particularly willing to tempt fate, she’s probably pushing her luck with
literal time travel.
Why is this so hard? She was definitely making progress. In January, she managed to pull her
act together enough to buy clothes that really felt like her, with Ren’s helpThat might be part of the problem, now that she thinks about it.
She had trusted Ren and his advice so much while she thought she was Kasumi, and
especially when she remembered she was Sumire. His laid-back nature was a perfect balance
for whenever she felt herself start to freak out.
‘Trust your gut’, he said, when she was choosing glasses for her dad and later trying to buy
clothes. What if her gut was wrong? Ren’s gut clearly told him to accept Maruki’s deal, so
what did he know? Did he really mean anything? Or was Sumire just some background set
piece to simply exist and be interacted with while Ren’s true interests led him to doom the
world?
Sumire’s stomach clenches at the thought. She really hopes that isn’t the case. Even when he
had politely turned down her romantic advances, Sumire always felt like she was important
to Ren when they interacted. She doesn’t know what she’d do if it was all lies.
Sumire’s hand tightens even further around her phone, some of the broken glass cover
beginning to dig into her palm. It doesn’t matter though- what if everything was a lie? What
if Ren just sat there encouraging her to make her feel better? Poor, delusional, Sumire. So
desperate for other’s approval that she can’t even choose a new phone on her own“Hold that pose, if you would!”
Sumire whirls around, thoroughly snapped out of her catastrophising, coming face-to-face
with Yusuke Kitagawa, in the process of framing her with his hands.
“Um,” She starts, intelligently,
“Yes, the emotion, the anguish, it’s perfect!” Yusuke narrows his eyes, “So much power
found within such a simple pose and frame. I must ask, Miss, if you are willing to stand for
just a quick sketch?”
“Uh,” Sumire continues, intelligently,
“Ah, my apologies!” He doesn’t seem actually sorry for anything in particular, but he does
lower his hands, at least. “My name is Yusuke Kitagawa, student of the master artist

Madarame. I merely hoped to capture the emotions you were exuding onto my sketchpad, if
you had the time? I assure you it will not take long.”
“Ah,” Sumire finally finds her voice, “That’s… okay?” She remembers herself, “My name is
Sumire Yoshizawa, by the way, but, um, I’m not sure if I could replicate it on command?”
“That’s fine,” he says, already taking out his sketchbook- and, is that a stick of charcoal?
Where was he even keeping that? “I’m sure we can draw it out again if we simply speak
about what was troubling you.”
“Well, that’s-”
“So please! Enlighten me as to your troubles,” he hovers the charcoal stick above the page in
wait, “I am sure that it would also serve as good context for my sketch, if I am to understand,
conceptually, the emotions of my model.”
“Wow, a model? Really?” Sumire blinks, “Ah, I mean, it’s,” she sighs, “It’s stupid, really. I
was just kind of overthinking choosing a new phone, since my old one’s broken.” She waves
said phone in the air awkwardly, suddenly hyper aware of how all her limbs are positioned
now that Yusuke is attempting sketch her.
“I see,” Yusuke begins frantically making lines on his page, “What was it about the decision
making that troubled you so much, if you don’t mind my inquiring?”
“No, not at all,” Sumire tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, “My sister used to pick pretty
much everything for me, and it was basically just all the stuff that she would pick for herself,
so that we were matching. I was fine with it and all, but I guess I never really learned to make
an identity for myself, outside of just ‘Kasumi’s sister’” she huffs, “And now that she’s gone,
it feels a bit like I’m a mirror without anything to reflect. Just a big question mark of who I’m
supposed to be.”
Yusuke hums, looking frantically between his sketchbook and Sumire. “A fascinating visual.
It seems to me,” he says between charcoal scratches, “That shopping for something as
inconsequential as a phone would be a good place to begin, then. It is not as though a phone
will make any big statements about your identity in the long run. Unless, of course, you allow
it to.”
Sumire laughs humourlessly, “It’s kind of funny though, my old phone actually belonged to
my sister. It was a hand-me-down when she begged our parents for an upgrade, and it’s
stupid, but getting a new phone feels like I’m killing the last parts of her that I have left.”
Maybe that's why she's so stressed about this. She spiralled before she got to properly think
about it.
Yusuke pauses, and looks up, “I do not believe that it’s stupid, if that is how you feel,” he
begins drawing again, “Much can be said the same about interpreting an artwork; many
believe that there is a ‘right’ answer to what an artwork means, when in truth any individual
viewer’s interpretation can be considered correct, as they allow their own context and
experiences to colour what they see in a work. Similarly, of course, to how your sentiments

have changed the value you place in your old phone.” He smudges some of the charcoal with
his thumb, “But that does not appear to be the only thing troubling you.”
“Right,” Sumire nods, and bites her lip, “I had a friend who was helping me become more
independent and sure of myself, but he did something that really hurt me, and I suddenly feel
like I can’t place the same value in everything he taught me, like everything he said meant
nothing, or he was just saying it to sabotage me and laugh at me when I inevitably failed, or
something,” she wrings her hands together, “I know it’s really dumb.”
“Then perhaps you can already predict the advice I’m going to offer you.” Yusuke says, and
Sumire laughs genuinely at that, a little embarrassed.
Yusuke continues, “I believe, if you are attempting to become more independent, that it is
fully within your capability to use your discretion in regard to the advice that your friend
gave you. Just because the advice came from someone you can no longer trust, does not mean
that everything that they ever said was in bad faith, or even that they weren’t trying to help
you. I do not know the full story, of course, but do you believe that someone who had put
effort into helping you in such a personal task only did so in order to set you up for failure?”
Sumire thinks of stretching in the park, of silly boat rides and of excellent coffee.
“No,” she decides, “But it still doesn’t stop me from feeling all wrong. And from being upset
with him.”
Yusuke nods, seemingly making some final details in his sketch, “And if that is how you feel,
then that is how you feel.” He whips his charcoal off the page with a flourish, “Ah! It is
finished!”
Before Sumire can properly examine how she feels about that statement, Yuske reveals the
sketch to her.
“It’s amazing, Kitagawa-senpai!” Sumire claps her hands together, a bright smile spreading
on her face.
“Ah, thank you. I’m glad that you like it, Yoshizawa-san. It stems from my perception of
your emotions, after all.” Yusuke nods with a contented smile on his face.
Sumire gives a bow, “I’m really happy that I ran into you today. Your advice really helped
me, I think. And I’m happy I could help with your art, as well.”
“It was not problem at all,” he says. The two hear a shout of Yusuke’s name from outside the
store. “Ah, that would be my sensei,” he says, quickly taking a bow, “I must take my leave
now, Yoshizawa-san, but it was certainly pleasant meeting you as well.” He bows a little
deeper, and quickly turns on his heel to rush after Madarame.
Sumire gives a wave, and turns back to the phones.
Maybe she'll just go with something simple. Like Yusuke said, it doesn't have to mean
anything.

Yes. She’ll get that one. She picks up the case, and heads toward the counter, satisfied with
the day she’s had.
***
The following day, Sumire gets acclimated to her new phone, transferring all her contacts and
getting dissapointed once again at the lack of the Metanav.
She mostly drifts through the rest of the school day, thinking about nothing and everything all
at once.
As helpful as it was to talk to Yusuke, Sumire can’t help but think that it was quite the
coincidence to run into him at the electronics store. She’s pretty sure Yusuke doesn’t even
live near Kichijoji, though it was probably just Madarame dragging him around for
something or other- Kichijoji did hold quite a bit of variety.
Or maybe she really just is a thief magnet.
Either way, none of the thieves have shown any sign at all of remembering the previous year.
Sumire knows that she’s already confirmed that at least three times, but she can’t help but
think maybe, just maybe, someone else is in this with her.
At least the time travel rules are consistent so far- it wouldn’t really make a lot of sense if
half the thieves remember, and half don’t. Though, it’s not like this situation makes a lot of
sense to begin with, so who is Sumire to judge?
Finishing up the school day, Sumire makes her way towards the school gym. Volleyball isn’t
on today, so Sumire feels safe in the assumption that Kamoshida will be elsewhere. She’s
really been neglecting her gymnastics practice the past few days and she somehow doubts
that coach Hiraguchi will take, ‘sorry ma’am, I was getting acclimated to time travel’ as an
excuse.
Sumire passes by the school gardens on her way, and skids to a halt as she spots a head of
fluffy pink hair struggling to lift one too many bags of soil.
Oh! “Excuse me!” Sumire calls, before she can stop herself.
Haru Okumura whips around, clearly shocked by the sudden noise, “Yes?” a tentative smile
accompanies her airy voice.
Sumire quickly jogs over, “I was just wondering if you needed any help? I’m pretty strong, so
if you needed help moving anything…?”
Haru’s face lights up as her smile spreads into something brighter, “Thank you! Yes, that
would be quite helpful. Usually it’s okay, but there’s a few extra today,” she leans in
conspiratorially, “The tomatoes are on death’s door, so I’m trying to see if I can give them a
boost. I feel a bit like a mad scientist, throwing chemicals together to see what works,” She
hides her mouth behind her hand as she giggles.

Sumire mirrors her playfulness, smile pitching even higher, “Well I’m happy to help, senpai.”
She scoops up two bags of soil, almost dropping them when she remembers they technically
haven’t met yet, “I’m Sumire Yoshizawa, by the way, a first year.”
Haru nods, “Nice to meet you, Sumire-chan, I’m Haru. I’m a third year myself.”
Sumire pauses, waiting for Haru to volunteer her family name, but simply nods when she’s
met with silence. “It’s nice to meet you as well, Haru-senpai.”
The two spend some time making trips back and forth, making polite small talk as they haul
bags of soil over towards a small garden shed. Upon depositing the final bag, Haru claps her
hands together in a show of finality,
“Thank you so much for helping, Sumire-chan! It’s alright if you leave now, I wouldn’t want
you to be late, or get your uniform dirty.”
Sumire shakes her head, “Not at all, I was just heading over to do my own practice in the
gym, so it’s not like I would be late for anything, and I can just wash my uniform if I need.”
She sweeps out a hand, gesturing toward the garden, “And I have to say, I’m pretty invested
in these tomatoes now that we’ve talked about them so much.”
Haru gives a small bow, her eyes making crescents as they crinkle from her smile, “Thank
you so much. Shall we get to work then?”
Haru gives Sumire some gardening gloves to work with, and cuts open one of the fresh soil
bags in front of the tomato planter box.
“I probably shouldn’t be putting so much effort in right now,” Haru confesses, “The school is
actually looking to downsize the garden, due to a lack of interest in the gardening club.”
Sumire looks up as she begins to shovel some of the dirt around the plant stems, “I was
actually wondering about that. Is there no one else to help you with all of this, or is it just
because it’s after school?”
Haru sighs a bit, joining Sumire in the shovelling efforts, “Well, when I say, ‘lack of interest’,
what I mean is that I’m the only member, and I’m a third year, so…” She trails off, turning
her gaze to look around at the garden.
“Um,” Sumire wrings her hands together, “What if I joined?” She hurriedly pats down some
of the soil, “The club, I mean.”
Haru’s head shoots up, her hair bouncing, “Huh?” She blinks, “Really?”
“Yep!” Sumire nods, finding some of her confidence, “I know it probably won’t be enough to
keep the bigger garden, but you really seem like you could use some help?”
Haru blinks again, “But,” she starts, “Aren’t you an honours student? I wouldn’t want to cut
into your time.”

Sumire nods, hopefully reassuring, “Maybe I don’t have to join officially, but I could still
help you out whenever I find the time?”
Haru stares at Sumire, mouth open in a little ‘o’, before clapping her hands together and a
cheerful smile spreading on her face once again, “That would be wonderful, Sumi-chan!
Thank you so much!”
Sumire tries not to blush at the nickname, “N-not at all!” She nods her head, “I’ve got time,
and I’m a pretty good cook, so it might be nice to supply my own ingredients once in a
while.”
Haru nods, satisfied, “I’d be more than happy to split the produce with you, once it finishes
growing,” she giggles, “Maybe we could even have a picnic lunch with the veggies?”
Sumire nods in affirmation, “I would love that, Haru-senpai.”
“Good,” Haru laughs a little more, and pats down the soil, crinkling the empty bag in her
hands, “Well, I think that’s all for today. Thank you so much again for offering to help,
maybe we could exchange chat ID so I can let you know when I’m working on the garden? I
didn’t really establish a schedule since it was just me for a while.”
Sumire quickly goes for her phone, taking off her gloves, “Of course, let me just get it,”
The two exchange ID, and Haru waves Sumire off as she heads off towards the gym, back on
course.
Sumire puts her stuff down in the gym locker room. Right, practice. What routine is she even
doing, at this point? She was probably getting started on the one she would use for the early
summer meet later that year. She only half remembers the choreography, so she sticks to
fundamentals, redownloading the music on her phone for use at a later date.
Does muscle memory stick around from her body in this timeline or the last one? Maybe she
should ask Morgana as a hypothetical when she meets him again. She’s sure that Futaba (and
likely Akechi) would have some opinions as well.
Futaba and Morgana are two of the thieves that Sumire is quite unsure on how to make
contact with without some external intervention. For all her humour about being a thief
magnet, Sumire thinks that coincidence would be stretching itself a bit if she managed to run
into a cat in a city the size of Tokyo.
As for Futaba, Sumire remembers that the hacker doesn’t actually go to school. In fact, didn’t
she joke about having been a shut in? Sumire isn’t sure how serious or literal the girl had
been, but she doesn’t want to draw suspicion by waltzing into Leblanc and asking Sojiro
about his daughter that possibly hasn’t been seen in person by anyone in months. She could
claim an online friend, but that would probably just be worse if she's caught in the lie.
Sumire rubs her temples, packing up her stuff as she finishes practice. She spots Haru’s name
amongst her contacts as she checks her phone, and smiles. She feels like she’s made a friend,

one who she has a reason to continue seeking out, outside of her situation. Even if Haru
would later join the thieves, Sumire feels like she has a distraction, for the time being.
You need not make everything about an inscrutable goal, Cinder.
Sumire nods to herself in agreement. She finishes packing up her things and getting changed,
and makes her way home.
***
For all Sumire jokes to herself about her luck in running into all the important players in the
future to come (She can feel that Ella appreciates them), she can’t help but feel confused.
There are so many questions swirling in her head, and she feels like half of them would only
spawn more questions if they were ever answered.
Sumire has been trying her best to reach out, but she feels like she forgot a step.
Namely, why?
Or, more accurately, what actually went wrong in the future?
She feels like they were so close. The thieves saved the world, and destroying Maruki’s
reality felt like one last hurrah before the Metaverse was gone for good- corrupt politician in
jail, evil god defeated, happy ending (a real one) secured.
And really, they were very close.
Ren had faltered at the last possible moment. Had Maruki tricked him? Brainwashed him?
Had he been lying about the strength of his resolve?
If there was an ultimatum, when exactly in the timeline did it occur? If it caused Ren to falter
at the last second, had it happened the day before? the month? If so, why send her back a
year, before the thieves were even established, as opposed to far later where it would be more
convenient?
Following that, Sumire thinks as she enters her room and flops down on her bed, why her?
She feels as though she is truly the least equipped to deal with this. She hadn’t even been a
part of the thieves until a week into January, and hadn’t awakened to Cendrillion until
October.
Was it simply because her resolve to avoid the fake reality was strongest? No, that couldn’t
be right, surely that honour belonged to Akechi- though she wasn’t quite sure why. A matter
of principal, perhaps?
Hell, she had fought for Maruki’s reality at first- surely whatever supernatural being had done
this didn’t look at her and think this would be a good idea.
If the problem did occur earlier in the year, then what could she even do about it? She
couldn’t even remember who some of the thieves’ targets were, not to mention the abundance

of smaller Mementos requests they had surely done. What if one of those was a mistake and
she had no idea she was supposed to prevent it?
If anyone was to be chosen for this, (assuming she was chosen for this, maybe it was all just a
mistake, one big accident,) then why wouldn’t it have been Ren? He would know what went
wrong, at least, he would know how to fix it.
Ren would know what to do. Kasumi would know what to do. Maruki would know what to
do.
Sumire slaps her hands over her face, still staring at the ceiling. She's supposed to be better
than this.
You know that you need not rely on them. You have proven yourself in the past, you can do
so again.
Even if someone else could do better, it's still Sumire that was stuck in this mess. The one
who has to carry the blessing and burden of events yet to come.
It isn’t Ren who got sent back. Kasumi is still gone, and thank god (pun intended, Sumire
thinks) Doctor Maruki is in the dark, Sumire thinks reality may as well be doomed if Maruki
ever gets to act so early.
So, she can do this. She has to do this. She’s the only one who can.
Sumire sits up.
She can do this.
***
Ren nods absent mindedly as his parents talk at him.
They’re giving some speech about how it’s ‘Ren’s responsibility to fix things.’ Fix what? Fix
how drunk that guy was when Ren stopped him from trying to force that woman into his car?
Fix how the police were all under that guy’s thumb, apparently? Fix that no one in the trial
believed him and the woman wouldn’t even back him up?
Ren might still be a bit bitter; he admits.
It’s tomorrow that he heads out for Tokyo. He still hasn’t finished packing, and he’s feigning
making progress as he tunes out his mother’s shrill ranting and his father’s disappointed
grunts.
It’s fine. It isn’t like they ever held the highest hopes for him, anyway. He guesses this is just
the straw that broke the camel’s back.
Ren readjusts the glasses on his face. He still isn’t used to them. He doesn’t even need them,
but his lawyer (useless prick) told him that they made him look less threatening, and, well, a

week of getting stared at by everyone in town was enough to ingrain the want to blend in, he
guesses.
He feels a bit vain when he thinks it, but some part of him whispers that he looks better
without them. It’s odd, since he’s never really cared about his appearance before, and he can’t
think of who might have told him that -none of his friends are talking to him- but maybe he’ll
try taking the glasses off when he gets to the city. Even without them, the place is so big he’ll
probably blend in anyway.
“-Do you understand, Ren?”
Ren looks up from his bag, where his parents are looking at him expectantly. He hasn’t been
listening.
“Yeah.” He says anyway, voice flat, “I got it.”
His mother huffs and rolls her eyes, stalking off to somewhere else in the house. His father
just shakes his head without saying anything and trails after her, leaving Ren alone in his now mostly bare- room.
His eyes flick around the room, landing on a gaming console too big and delicate to pack. He
flicks through some of the games for nostalgia’s sake, hoping that his parents won’t throw his
stuff out in the year he’s away. He settles on one game in the pile. He hasn’t played it yet, but
he gets the feeling that it’s good. Probably just something about the art style.
Ren shakes his head, scanning his room again for anything that he desperately wants to bring
to Tokyo. Finding nothing, (He would really feel awkward pinning up a Rissete poster in
some stranger’s house) he quietly makes his way to the kitchen to grab dinner from the
fridge. He’s stopped eating with his parents- he can’t stomach the tension at the dinner table
anymore.
Thankfully, his parents aren’t there. Good- saves him the trouble of avoiding eye contact and
grabbing the least offensive thing from the fridge out of courtesy.
While rifling through his options, his ears perk up at the sound of the TV swapping to a new
program. He recognises the theme song from somewhere, but what…?
Ren quickly gives up on his guessing game when it’s apparent he isn’t going to remember
and turns to look at the TV. Ah. Featherman. He’s heard of it, but never seen it. He’s honestly
impressed the theme song sparked any recognition in him. Another little voice tells him it’s
good. Someone probably recommended it to him once.
Sighing, Ren closes the fridge. There aren’t even any leftovers in there. He would make
something himself, but if his parents see him they’ll probably just be annoyed at him, and he
really doesn’t feel like dealing with that right now. He’ll just pick up a big breakfast on the
way to the train station tomorrow.
Ren sits back down on his bed when he gets to his room. A whole year of probation. It still
doesn’t feel real. Part of him is paranoid that he’s going to get done in by jaywalking, or

something, even though officers have seen him do it plenty of times in the past and not even
batted an eye, and this is a small town where the police are probably itching for something to
do, so he doubts that Tokyo will be out to get him in that case.
Doesn’t stop him from feeling scared, though. Ren really doesn’t want to go to juvie.
He sighs, lying back down. He should probably get some sleep.
It’s okay. It’ll work out. It’s just a year, and he doesn’t even need to repeat a year of high
school.
He can do this.

Chapter End Notes

Hello again! I've decided to upload this chapter earlier than I technically should because
I have every exam under the sun in the next two weeks, and as such I find I'm itching for
a distraction.
I don't have a beta reader, or anything, so it's definitely been a time going through these
early chapters as I post them to edit all the stuff I never actually followed up on. Like a
reverse Chekov's gun, I keep throwing plot threads on the ground and everyone just
ignores them and goes about their day.
___
Sumire: Wait, but how do I contact all these people I've technically never met?
The people she's never met: Hello, stranger, you rang?

Chapter 3
Chapter Summary

Sumire continues her daily life. Akechi continues to have a bad week.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi wakes up to- wait, hold on. No he doesn’t.
He’s not awake, because he’s standing up. He’s exhausted, sure, but it’s somewhat countered
by being a raging insomniac, so he doubts he could pull off such a feat as falling asleep
standing up.
He also crosses off the idea that he’s sleepwalking. He doesn’t do that anymore. Hasn’t for
years.
He hasn’t opened his eyes, on the off chance that this is one of his many recurring
nightmares. It’s almost fun, guessing which one it will be next. Spin the wheel and take your
pick! What’ll it be? Mutilated corpses? The screams of his victims? His father’s head on a
pike? (Hardly a nightmare, that one), his mother- (Porcelain white, a flash of silver, honey
brown, red, red, red-)
But tonight, he somehow doubts it. His thoughts are too lucid, too composed to be the
precursor to a nightmare. So a dream? Wouldn’t that be nice, just a pleasant dream, nothing
to interrupt his sleep. Maybe he won’t even have to dream of anything at all, just a
comforting oblivion. He almost lets himself feel excited.
“Trickster, welcome to my Velvet Room.”
Ah, there it is. Never mind. Akechi forgot about this one.
It’s been a while. They must want to keep him on his toes.
“Why are you still asleep, Defendant!? Can’t you see court is in session!” That must be buns.
“Such insolence, to be so cowardly that you cannot even look our master in the face as he
judges your fate,” And there’s braids. Dare he say he missed them? He didn’t, but he prefers
them to the nose.
The coward comment does, admittedly, annoy him, though. Akechi rolls his eyes as he opens
them, making a big show of yawning and stretching out his arms, just to be as disrespectful

as possible. He’s barely sure this place is actually real, so he doubts there are any real
consequences for being a dick.
“Show some respect, defendant!” Buns thwacks her baton against the floor. Why do they
look like prison wardens again? The twins really mess with the aesthetic of this place, in
Akechi’s personal opinion. He does like them more than the nose, but he could still do
without them.
The nose in question chuckles, reverberating around the courtroom. He sits, as ever, behind
the judge’s plinth. The twins take their position behind the prosecutor’s desk, (better them
than Sae, then he’d really be fucked), and the defence’s desk remains pointedly empty.
Akechi himself takes centre stage on the witness stand, as the defendant on trial.
He’s sure that someone would find the symbolism hilarious.
“It is funny,” Akechi remarks, because he’s always wanted to, gesturing at the twins, “That
there are two of you, and yet you both play the role of prosecutor.” He gives a perfect TV
smile, “Do I not have a right to a counsel in liminal spaces?” He tacks on, because he did
another interview yesterday, and didn’t quite fulfill his quota of corny jokes.
“Perhaps, defendant, you simply do not deserve someone to advocate for your defence, given
the weight of your crimes." Braids says, flipping through her clipboard. And, well, there’s not
a lot Akechi can say to that.
The tapping of fingers against the judge’s desk interrupts the banter.
“As you may recall, I have warned you of matters of ruin in the past,” the nose says, like he
isn’t running a kangaroo court.
He continues, “Another player has entered the game at last, and the battle against the fall of
humanity has begun. Do not let the whims of others stray you from your chosen path, lest
ruin destroy the world.”
Akechi, in truth, could not care less if humanity were to fall to ruin, or whatever other cryptic
bullshit the nose was spouting. It’s not like he’ll be around to see it, if things go his way. And,
well, if they don’t go his way, he doubts he’ll be around to see it anyway.
Let them burn. It’d make a good view, from his prime seat in the icy depths of hell. Might
warm him up, too.
“It would do you well to take care when deciding who to trust. Bonds may only serve to
restrain you, chaining your justice to an overcomplicated mass.”
“Thus weakening my argument, and deciding my fate before the trial has even begun.”
Akechi lets a knife grin cut into his face. “Another player, you said? How does that one fit
into the metaphor of a courtroom?”
“The other is irrelevant to you,” the nose says, like he wasn’t the one who brought it up in the
first place. Seriously, this man should hear himself, sometime. “They are another enemy, one

whom you must destroy in order to prove your will.”
Well. That was a bit more direct than Akechi was used to, coming from these people.
“Whatever you say.” He deadpans, itching to get this over with. He wishes Loki were here to
retaliate, Robin to declare truths, but the depths of his psyche were always silent in this room.
Fucking cowards.
“You should listen to what master Igor has to say, defendant!” Buns hits her baton again, andshit that’s his name? Igor? Saves him the trouble of asking them to remind him.
“Right.” He just wants to sleep.
“Our time is coming to a close,” Igor says, and Akechi slumps in relief, “Until we meet
again, trickster. I have high hopes for you.”
Akechi wakes up to his alarm blaring. His ribs hurt again, so that’s a good indication that he’s
actually awake, this time.
You have returned to us, Bird.
TOOK YOUR SWEET TIME, WHEREVER YOU WERE.
He reaches blindly for his phone, turning off his alarm and checking the news for his
handiwork.
There it is. A public transit accident- a driver had begun driving a bus in the wrong direction
of traffic. A good start for a scandal, but not enough. It would ultimately just be passed off as
the driver losing it, and Akechi needs the Minister of Transport to resign.
He’ll have to clear his schedule.
***
Sumire wakes up to several rapid-fire texts coming from her phone. She swats at the
offending device, wondering who could possibly have the excuse of texting her so early in
the morning. She checks the time and- whoops, never mind. She must have slept through her
alarm. Sumire retracts her curses towards whoever texted her.
Good thing, too. She would never wish ill upon this particular sleep-interrupter.
Haru <3: Goodmorning Sumi-chan!!!
Haru <3: I hope you slept well :)
Haru <3: Just letting you know that I’ll be working on the garden during break today, if you
wanted to join!
Haru <3: Have a good day either way (* ^ ω ^)

Sumire smiles at Haru’s texts. They only have a half day at school today, so she doesn’t mind
making time for Haru during lunch, in that case- it’s not like she has much else to do.
Sumi☆: thank you haru-senpai!
Sumi☆: Ill be there :)
Sumire puts her phone down, and starts her morning routine. She actually remembered to
iron her uniform last night, so she feels somewhat accomplished already. She also has
practice this afternoon, and she doesn’t want to come back home to grab her stuff, so she
shoves her club’s uniform into a duffel bag and slings it over her shoulder.
Shoot, practice. Sumire’s really been neglecting that. And this is the first time she’ll see her
coach in this timeline, as well. And she’s been acting like Kasumi the past two weeks. Sumire
is dreading that confrontation, slightly.
At the very least, she can use her second chance to achieve better results in the upcoming
meets this time around. It does feel a little like cheating, but what else is she supposed to do?
Fudge her results in order to perform exactly the same as last time? That just seems absurd.
She also wants to avoid the embarrassment of her poor performance in the upcoming summer
meet.
Sumire makes her way out the door of her house, slipping on her shoes and calling goodbye
to her parents. She passes by one of the popular Kichijoji cafés on her way to the station.
The smell of coffee reminds her of something.
Even if she can’t go up to Leblanc and demand to know where Futaba is, it couldn’t hurt to
go to the café and just introduce herself as a customer, right? And as one Futaba’s age, no
less. It would also probably tip her off as to when Ren is arriving in Tokyo, if she became a
regular.
Sumire gets about halfway through her plan of making her way to Leblanc after school before
remembering she has practice this afternoon.
Well, she’ll do it tomorrow.
***
Sumire lands the last jump in her routine, holding the finishing pose for a few seconds before
spinning to face coach Hiraguchi, out of breath.
Sumire takes a bow, “Thank you for watching my routine.” She knows it wasn’t great, even
before the coach picks apart her performance. She takes some solace in knowing she made no
major mistakes, at least. Her technique definitely left something to be desired, though.
The coach hums, eyes narrowed. “The look on your face tells me you know what I’m going
to say, Sumire.” She says, walking up to where Sumire is still standing in half a bow.

She slumps, and sighs, “Yes, coach. Sorry, I haven’t been able to find time to practice lately,
everything’s been a bit hectic this past week, and-”
Hiraguchi holds up her hand, stopping Sumire in her rambling. “I don’t need to know your
excuses; I just need to know what you’re going to do about it. From the looks of it, you have
the sequence of the routine down pat, you just need to focus on polish.”
Sumire fiddles with her hands, “Yes, um, about that.” The coach cocks her head, signalling
for her to continue. “I was actually wondering if I could pick a different routine? I think I
chose this one to try and mimic Kasumi when she was still here, and I kind of clung to it even
after she died. But, I don’t think it’s quite my style, and well…” Sumire jumps, “Oh, I
actually have something here,” She rushes to grab her phone from her bag, Hiraguchi trailing
behind her. She brings up a video of a different routine, fidgeting as the coach watches,
occasionally humming or nodding her head.
Sumire slips her phone back in her bag when the video finishes, “So, I was wondering if I
could maybe try learning that routine instead? I know it’s a bit sudden but…” She bites her
lip.
Hiraguchi looks Sumire up and down, “I think that’s a great idea, Sumire,” she says, a smile
breaking out on her face, and Sumire feels her shoulders slump in relief, “I know that things
have been hard since Kasumi died, and even before then as well,” the coach shakes her head
a bit, “It’s barely been a month since the accident, so I didn’t want to confront you just yetbut I’m very glad that you seem to have figured it out on you own.”
Sumire really wishes she could tell the coach just how much she had helped in her ‘figuring it
out’.
“But,” Hiraguchi’s expression turns severe as she continues, “That routine is more technically
difficult than your last one. Are you prepared to put in the work to get it up to snuff?”
Sumire nods, a bright smile spreading on her face, “Yes, coach.”
Hiraguchi nods in turn. “Good. Now take a quick break and then get back to practicing.”
Sumire bows as the coach goes to check on the other club members, taking a quick drink of
water as she cools off.
She thinks she can pull this off. She got chosen to represent the club in the last timeline, and
that was even with her underperforming- this time she’s got it for sure. She’ll kill it at the
meets.
Sumire thinks again on her discussion with coach Hiraguchi. The coach seemed so proud of
her for seemingly having overcome her identity issues (Sumire’s very glad that the coach
hadn’t given her a talking to right out the gate, she’s not sure if she could have handled that),
and she can’t help but feel guilty when some of her self-discovery came from the coach’s
own wisdom, but she’s never going to remember.
Not for the first time, Sumire thinks about how lonely an affair time travel is.

It does make her feel a bit better when she thinks about how absurd that sounds, though.
Ella’s light chuckles in her skull lifting her mood.
Even if others granted you wisdom, you still found yourself of your own accord. You need
not feel guilty for taking credit for your own reformation.
That may be true, but Sumire still wishes she could tell the people she owes how much she is
truly grateful. It feels wrong that the people who shaped her best qualities will never
remember the part they played.
The same goes for the people who’ve wronged her.
Sumire bites her lip again. That thought is for another time, she thinks.
She walks back onto the springboard floors, ready to get back to practicing.
***
“Taro Owada,” Akechi mutters into his phone, “Mementos.”
Target found, the phone chirps back, Beginning navigation.
The sky still tinted from the dregs of golden hour swirls, jagged reds and blacks bleeding in
its place. Akechi sweeps out of the alley he was taking cover in, pricking his ears for any sign
that someone somehow followed him in.
The other world responds with a hollow wind, and the shuffling of the faceless cognitions
found in topside Mementos.
Satisfied, Akechi stalks toward the station entrance, taking the steps two, then three at a time,
letting the familiar belts, stripes, and helmet burn their way onto his body. A serrated sabre
materialises in his hand, and he kicks open his briefcase to retrieve his (very real, it doesn’t
need to be real- why the fuck did he give Akechi a real firearm? Blackmail? Temptation?)
gun.
FUN, FUN, FUN, Loki cackles, his claws kneading at the edges of Akechi’s sanity,
YESTERDAY WASN’T INTERESTING IN THE SLIGHTEST. I CAN’T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT THIS ONE DOES!
Robin Hood says nothing, and Akechi gingerly pokes at his bruised ribs while he lets Loki
continue his ranting. They aren’t broken, that’s for sure- Akechi just hopes that whatever
shadow he has to face today is feeling particularly cowardly. If he’s lucky, maybe he can just
shoot a few warning shots and let Loki do the rest.
That’s a funny joke, Bird. Robin finally speaks up and, ha, doesn’t he know it.
Akechi extends his senses to feel out where this particular shadow has made its den, hoping
for good news. He’s pleasantly surprised when Robin informs him that the Shadow is only a
few floors down. Good. He’s been itching to terrorise the pixies around here.

Said pixies don’t even give him the chance, fleeing in shadowy masses when they sense
Akechi’s power coming off of him in waves. He cracks a smirk at that, jeering at anything
that gets too close. The trash up here hasn’t posed much of a challenge for two years, at least,
but it still feels good to remind them who was letting them live. (Or die horribly, depending
on his mood.)
Akechi enters the distortion with no more fanfare than pushing past a beaded curtain, and
spies the man of the hour facing the other direction across the way, muttering something
likely useless to himself.
“Taro Owada.” Akechi says sweetly, pressing his pistol to the back of the man’s head, “I’m
afraid your luck has run out.”
“Wha-” The shadow whips around, golden eyes bulging, “Who the hell are you!?”
And so, the game begins.
Step one to winning the game was to fish for answers, know your target.
“It’s hardly your concern who I am, Owada-san.” Akechi squats to meet the man at eye level,
“Do you know what you’ve done to deserve this?”
“What I’ve done to deserve this?” The shadow cackles, spit flying, “What the hell have I
done!? You’re just like my wife, always on my case! ‘Why are you always home so late,
Taro?’, ‘Why aren’t you spending time with me, Taro?’, like I’M not the one making money
for the both of us! I work myself to the BONE and she dares be ungrateful!? Useless bitch,
always-”
Akechi sighs. That’s annoying. Owada’s distortion doesn’t seem to be inherently relevant to
his job, meaning that inducing psychosis in this state could be risky. Akechi can never control
exactly what his targets do when he breaks their minds, but he can control what they’re
thinking about when they snap.
And so, step two to winning the game was often violence.
“Loki,” Akechi calls with a growl, sending a Laevateinn slamming into the ground, slicing
through the man- screeching as metal grinds on metal when the flaming sword skids along
the ground to return to its wielder.
“YOU!” The shadow shrieks as it transforms, skin and bones bubbling and crunching to
make way for it’s new face- a humanoid form with elongated limbs and drooping antennae;
no face, but a drooling, uneven, sideways maw that runs from the top of the thing’s head all
the way down its torso- teeth jagged and clacking.
Akechi jumps back out of its range as its teeth snap, leaving room for him to take a few pot
shots with his pistol as the shadow stumbles.
He skids to a halt, taking a moment to get a feel for the shadow’s power level as he
rebalances himself from the momentum. Pretty weak, not a threat. Akechi takes another shot

as the thing tries to gear up for a big hit, clipping one of its antennae.
It shrieks again, and sends a burst of flame across the battlefield, scorching the ground and
seizing Akechi’s lungs in an instant, sending him to double over and hack up the ash caught
in his throat.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT NOT A THREAT?
“Shut up,” Akechi hisses, “And just kill the thing already!” He lunges forward with his
sword, causing the shadow to stumble back, “LOKI!” he shouts at the same time, “Riot
Gun!”
With nowhere to run, the shadow stumbles into the crossfire of both attacks. With a crunch
and a scream, the façade bubbles, and the shadow melts back into Owada’s form, trembling
and twitching. Akechi sneers at the pathetic display.
It’s a convenient thing with shadows- the ones in Mementos all took forms that draw from the
greater collective unconscious when agitated. This conveniently makes them a whole lot
more susceptible to suggestion after they go through such a transformation.
Loki gives a wheezy chuckle, still hovering behind Akechi.
Step three to winning the game was to simply get it over with quickly.
“Don’t you hate your job?” Akechi rasps. He can feel Loki getting impatient.
“What?” The blubbering shadow blinks up at him, “Yes, yes I do! It’s so boring, my boss is-”
“Great.” He hisses, Loki beginning to pull at his sanity again like a festering rot, itching at his
spine and brain.
Turning someone insane is something like this:
A manic cackle, whether from the persona or its host unclear; a red haze as the shadow
screams, desperately trying to claw its way back from the miasma consuming it; the screams
turn from fear to madness, the line blurring slowly; The shadow always thrashes on the
ground, and Akechi can feel himself twitch, too, as his helmet burns away and he pulls at his
hair with his gauntleted hands, desperately staving off the psychosis in his own head, trying
to drown his consciousness yet again.
Turning someone insane is also something like this:
A snap, and a crack, as the shadow gets consumed by the call instantaneously, giggling and
shrieking as it foams at the mouth. Akechi doesn’t try to stave off the effects on himself in
this scenario, his mask still burning away as he claws at his face, his arms, his scalp, turning
his need to break inward because he can’t kill that one, let it destroy itselfIt seems that turning someone insane in this instance, however, is something more like this:

Akechi can feel that something is wrong as soon as he lets Loki complete the spell. He can
feel the chains in his mind and heart snapping one by one, a slow, pulsing consumption of his
mind, but“I’m going to shut that thing up! Lend me a hand!” He calls to his companion, (Who? What?
There’s only a void when Akechi tries to remember, to look-)
-Akechi clutches at his chest, wrong, fuck, it’s all wrong“Right!” His (there’s still no face when he turns to look) calls, and Akechi has never felt more
at ease using Loki’s madness on himself, now that he has someone to watch his back, it’s
almost euphoric-He lets out a cry, choking on tears as he digs his claws into his skin. Watch his back? That’s
fucking ridiculous, because Akechi’s always done this alone, and will continue to do this
alone, because it’s the only thing someone like him deservesThe duo finish their attack, and Akechi can feel his mind come back to him easier than it ever
has before, a light glowing in the corner of his eye where the other stands, both out of breath
and grinning-Akechi shrieks and tastes iron when he rips himself back into his body, bloody claw marks
streaked up and down his chest and arms, red still dripping from his gauntlets and the corner
of his mouth. He’s lying on his back, shaking, gulping down air past his raw throat.
He can still hear the shadow screaming and writhing on the ground on the other end of the
room.
His personas are dead silent as he tries to count his breaths, tries to slow them down when
they still come out in shallow gasps.
Still shaking, Akechi heaves himself to his feet, dragging his leg and using his sword as
support. He doesn’t look back when he leaves the pocket of distortion, barely picks up the
pace when he hears the rattling of chains in the distance, and barely remembers to find an
alley to duck into when he -still trembling- taps the ‘return’ button on the Metaverse
navigator.
Akechi slumps against the wall. He’s sure he’d be thankful for how cold the bricks feel if he
could think past the buzzing in his head.
Robin and Loki still aren’t talking. Usually they’re back by now.
He stares at the blood starting to seep into his nondescript hoodie- and right, injured, he got
injured, he needs toLevering himself off the wall, Akechi does his best to not look like a drunkard as he stumbles
back to his apartment, hands twitching as he goes for his keys, barely stopping himself from
falling over when he opens the door.

He hits his shoulder on his way into the bathroom, throwing open the lid of the toilet to retch.
He blindly feels for the cupboard door underneath the sink, taking a few tries, and throws the
first aid kit he’s stashed there onto the floor, letting the contents spill out.
He throws off his hoodie and shirt into the bathtub -they’re ruined, at this point- and throws
some gauze and bandages over all the cuts he can see.
He’s shaking less now, that’s good.
His personas still aren’t back.
Akechi slowly lets himself fall back on his bed, for once feeling the hooks of sleep latch onto
him quickly. He lets his eyes fall closed, and doesn’t dream.
***
Sumire gratefully sleeps in on Sunday morning, only hauling herself out of bed when the sun
gets too bright to justify staying in any longer. She doesn’t change out of her sleep clothes as
she ghosts into the kitchen, making a hefty breakfast to start the day, pointedly ignoring the
teasing smirk her mother gives her at her state of dishevelment. Taking her plate of food to
the living room table, Sumire turns her attention to the morning news, if only to give her
some background noise as she finishes her food.
“A freak train accident this morning, where a subway derailed as it entered the station,
leaving at least 50 injured and counting. The public is awaiting response from the minister of
transport, as attention is cast onto the state of the subway tracks in centre Tokyo…”
Sumire blinks, pausing with a ball of rice brought halfway to her lips. She had forgotten
about that particular incident, since she wasn’t really affected by it. Even when the trains
were delayed, her father had insisted that he drive her to school, likely for fear of another
accident taking another daughter from him.
Sumire frowns into her food as she thinks about it.
“This marks another incident in the list of ‘psychotic breakdown’ and ‘mental shutdown’
phenomena occurring across the country in the last two to three years…”
Psychotic breakdowns? Mental shutdowns? She had never really discussed them much with
the thieves, but they were definitely related to the Metaverse. And, if she remembered
correctly, it was the then prime minister Shido that confessed to being the mastermind behind
the incidents.
If that’s the case, then the thieves would be led to find the culprit on their own fairly easily,
given the high-profile nature of the target.
Sumire definitely feels a lot better knowing so many of last timeline’s problems would
eventually be solved without her intervention; it’s less weight on her shoulders.
It would still be great to know what the problem she is supposed to solve is, though.

Sumire frowns at her food again.
Finishing her breakfast, she heads out to make her way towards the train line to Yongen-Jaya,
only to remember at the last minute that a train just derailed, and all the trains are delayed.
Sumire sits for at least twenty minutes, huffing and blowing hair out of her face in boredom,
occasionally checking her phone to see if anything can entertain her. She settles on studying
the video of her new gymnastics routine in an attempt to pick it apart.
“Sumire-chan?”
Sumire nearly drops her phone when a girl’s voice calls her name, quickly recovering and
spinning to see who it is.
“Makoto-senpai?” Sumire blinks, “I didn’t know you lived in Kichijoji.” She winces at how
dismissive that might sound.
Makoto tucks a loose strand of hair behind her ear, “Ah, no I don’t,” she says sheepishly, “I
was just picking something up for my sister, but, well, now I’m a bit stuck.”
They both look around at the crowded train platform in commiseration, defeated.
“Well, while you wait, did you want to sit with me, Makoto-senpai?” Sumire scoots over and
pats the spot next to her.
“Oh,” Makoto blinks, pausing mid re-hair-tuck, “Yes, that's very kind, Sumire, thank you.”
She somewhat awkwardly shifts into place beside Sumire, bringing her knees up to her chest.
“What were you doing while you were waiting?” she gestures to the phone still in Sumire’s
hands.
“Oh, I was just looking at a gymnastics routine I’m starting to learn,” Sumire smiles and
turns the phone to give the older girl a better look, “I’m hoping to get it up to scratch in time
for the summer meet, so I was just studying it a bit while I wait.”
Makoto nods, smiling a bit as well, “That’s an excellent use of your time. I find that learning
by watching often has more uses than people give it credit for, especially with something like
a video where you can pick it apart.”
Sumire stifles a giggle into her hand, unable to keep the laughter out of her voice, “You really
only think in terms of academics, huh, Makoto-senpai?”
Makoto flushes bright red at that, “W-well,” she pats the side of her hair down for lack of a
strand to tuck, “It’s very important in life, right? Especially if you want to get into a good
university.”
Sumire’s laughter dies down, “don’t worry, I was just teasing. I know studying is very
important, of course, but I usually end up neglecting it since my academics were never really
anything above average.” She looks away, a bit embarrassed.

Makoto nods as though she’s considering this, pasting on a reassuring smile, “I suppose in
your case, you have your athletic abilities to supplement that.”
“Right,” Sumire nods, “I was honestly going to bank on a gymnastics scholarship if I ever
wanted to go to university, which…” She trails off, lost in her thoughts.
Does she want to go to university? The age cap for competitive gymnastics is so young, and
that’s assuming she doesn’t get injured or something else happens to cut her career short. She
genuinely hasn’t given much thought to it, too focused on her dream for the sport that she
hasn’t considered what follows.
Makoto hums. “You’re still just a first year, so it’s okay if you’re still unsure.”
Sumire snaps out of her thoughts, “Yeah,” she smiles, cocking her head, “What degree are
you aiming for, Makoto-senpai?”
Makoto’s smile strains at that, “Well…” she frowns, “I thinks my sister is expecting me to go
into law like she has, especially since she’s found success in the field. And I definitely want
to make her proud, but… I’ve never really considered if I want anything different. Not
seriously, at least.”
“You still have the whole year to think about it,” Sumire points out, bumping her leg against
Makoto’s, “And with your good grades, senpai, you could probably go anywhere you want!”
Makoto cracks a smile at that, “Thank you, Sumire-chan. That’s very sweet.” She looks up as
a train pulls into the station, cries of relief echoing around the platform, “Well, shall we go,
then?”
Sumire nods and pushes herself off the ground.
***
Having parted ways with Makoto at the station, Sumire lets herself be carried through the
familiar alleys of Yongen, recognising at least half the street cats she passes, and taking far
too long to get to Leblanc as she stops to pet every stray brave enough to approach her.
She feels a bit off, in truth, being in Yongen again. The last time she was here was on
February third, where she had ran out of Leblanc andHm.
She doesn’t remember what happened after that.
Maybe that was when she time-travelled? But there wasn’t anything obvious to trigger it…
Sumire is ripped out of her pondering as she approaches Leblanc. The sign is flipped to
‘closed’, and as she peeks through the window, she can’t see any sign of Sojiro inside. She
huffs, annoyed. Did she really spend half and hour at a train station only for her destination to
be unavailable? At least she got to talk to Makoto.

After two days in a row of being stalled from visiting Leblanc, Sumire’s enthusiasm is
dwindling. She’ll run into Ren at school eventually, so it’s not like there’s any need to stalk
him in his own house.
She frowns, and turns back to head towards the station.

Chapter End Notes

Update schedule? I don't know what that is.
___
Robin and Loki: Hey man, you should probably take a break or somethingAkechi: I would literally rather die

Chapter 4
Chapter Summary

The Phantom Thieves start their journey, and Sumire tries to catch up.

Chapter Notes

CW: canon-typical suicide attempt
(More detailed CW at the top of the end notes)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ren has had a fucking day.
Today was the day he was supposed to start at Shujin -a week late into the semester, but
whatever, he’ll deal- but that was before the school decided to vanish entirely, replaced by
crude depiction of a medieval castle, with overly aggressive knights to match.
Ren’s still wrapping his head around the fact that a castle can just fit into the back alleys of
Tokyo with all its citizens apparently none the wiser.
He’s glad he’s not alone at least- the company of the visibly panicking Sakamoto is enough
for Ren to school his face into something resembling calm.
He would surely be a lot calmer if Sakomoto wasn’t seconds away from being executed by
their gym teacher in a fluffy robe and pink speedo, (shit, shit, how can he get out of this?) and
he himself wasn’t being pinned to the walls by hulking masses in armour. (There has to be a
way)
“How pathetic!” said gym teacher jeers with a disgusting and entirely too self-satisfied
smirk, “This is how you die, peasant. You’d better be grateful, Sakamoto, this is a better
death than anyone like yourself could have ever hoped for.”
Sakamoto doesn’t respond, whimpering on the floor, clutching at his ribs, biting his lips to
stop his distress from getting any louder. Ren kicks against his captors as Kamoshida laughs
even louder.
“N-no,” Sakamoto breathes, voice shaking, “No, I don’t wanna die!”

Ren twitches in the guards grasp again. God, what the hell? What can he do? This is unjust,
this isn’t right, how dare that piece of shitThis is truly an unjust game, a voice echoes, Ren’s ears start to ring, Your chances of
winning are almost none, “There were two players in the game, one, (Ren ears turn to static), was chosen by the false
god. Should he have won, ruin would have been brought to the world.” Ren’s hands clench,
(What is he so angry about? Why can’t he remember-)
- But if my voice is reaching you, there may be a possibility yet open to you, The voice
continues, and Ren swears he can see a butterfly as a dull pain begins to throb in the base of
his skull“The other, Ren Amamiya, was chosen by my master as the trickster to oppose him, as a
representative for the will of humanity.” And that only makes Ren angrier (Chosen, what the
fuck? For fucking what-), who are they to force this upon him, he decides his own fateWhat’s the matter? Are you simply going to watch?
Ren lets out a scream as the dull pain sharpens into an iron hot knife, cutting underneath his
skin and thrumming through his veins- Get it out Get it outAs before, and now again, and what the hell is that supposed to mean-? Death awaits him if
you do nothing. So will it await all your bonds if you allow the chains of fate to bind you.
Was your previous decision a mistake, then!?
No- A woman screaming, a man’s drunken shouts, who was he to ignore this? – It wasn’t –
Echoing laughter as (Name, name, what was its NAME-) bursts behind him, and Ren grabs
the chains he can breakVow to me. I am thou, thou art I. Thou, who art willing to perform sacrilegious acts for
thine own Justice, though thou be chained to hell itself!
The pressure is building even still, and fuck, Ren never thought this amount of pain was even
possible. He can’t tell if he’s burning up or being doused in ice, every bit of movement as he
writhes makes him feel like his veins are being ripped apart, there’s something on his face
and Ren needs to get it offHe claws his way up his face, as knives shred his nerves, and grasps desperately at the thing
covering his eyes and he tearsWith a scream and a spray of blood, Ren feels the mask pull off his face and the pain stops,
replaced with a low chuckle as he feels the euphoria of power burn across his skinI am the pillager of twilight, Arsène!
And yeah. Now Ren gets it.

***
Ren nearly trips over Sakamoto’s legs as they both stumble through the dungeon of the castle.
Ren, still reeling from his very rapid self-discovery in the form of Arsène, (The feathered
gentleman chuckles in Ren’s mind when addressed) trips over nearly every rock his feet clip,
trying to adjust to the weight of a trench coat on his back, flickering in and out.
You need only understand your own heart, mon chéri. Then you will find balance.
And Ren can’t comprehend vague metaphors or speak French (yet- now he’s definitely going
to learn) but he hopes that Arsène isn’t insulting him- he doesn’t want to add that to his list of
problems.
You need not worry. He chuckles like he knows something Ren doesn’t.
Hm.
“Shit, which way do we go?” Sakamoto whips his head around, looking down each of the
identical dungeon paths as the trio rush through the halls.
“This way, hurry!” Morgana speeds alongside them, occasionally using his cutlass to point
them in the right direction.
As they rush past more of the guards, Arsène and Morgana’s Zorro making quick work of
them, Ren distantly hopes that this won’t end with their return to the real world.
He’s a natural at this fighting stuff, what can he say?
***
“I heard he killed someone.”
“Omigosh no way!”
“I heard he sells drugs,”
“Really? I heard that his dad’s in the mafia and he does their errands!”
“Maybe it’s both?”
“Gosh, d’you think? Why did they let someone like that come here?”
“For real, seriously-”
Sumire takes in the whispering of her peers. It’s terrible gossip, sure, but she can’t help but
feel that it’s hilarious in an incredulous sort of way. She’s waiting for them to turn truly
ridiculous, so she can laugh without feeling bad (Elephant tusk trafficking? Seriously?)
But the rumours do confirm one thing; Ren is finally at Shujin.
Well, he should be.

Sumire hasn’t spotted the messy head of raven curls once since she entered the school today,
and she thinks that he’d be pretty easy to spot given how people seem -at least verballywilling to part like the red sea to avoid the man. Ren’s lack of physical presence only seems
to be feeding the rumours, though.
“Holy shit do you think he skipped school to go and threaten someone?”
“Oh maybe! Or maybe he’s hanging out with his gang or something,”
Sumire tunes out all that and heads towards the stairs to the roof to eat her lunch- Haru isn’t
working on the garden today, so Sumire thinks she’ll just take the time to herself, or maybe
chat some with Ryuji.
On her way, she catches on a pair of familiar blue eyes, who are nervously eyeing the crowds
of whispering. Sumire gives a wave and walks up.
“Oh, hey, Yoshizawa-chan,” Ann gives a strained smile, “All these rumours are pretty crazy,
huh? I guess I should be grateful they’re not about me anymore, but still…”
Sumire gives a similarly nervous laugh, “Yeah, they’re pretty wild. I feel bad for the transfer
student when he gets here.”
“That’s the thing,” Ann leans in to whisper conspiratorially, “I think I met him, this morning,
and he was on his way to school like normal. I mean, it was raining, but surely he didn’t get
that lost, right?”
Huh. That was definitely weird… what reason would Ren have to dodge his first day of
school?
“Maybe something happened…?” Sumire offers.
“Oh shit,” Ann gasps, “You don’t think he got hurt or something? I’d feel totally awful since
I didn’t offer to show him the way…”
“I’m sure he’s fine, Takamaki-senpai!” Sumire backtracks, but- (What if something did
happen? What if something Sumire did changed something imperceptible and-)
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Ann sighs, twisting her hair around her finger. She perks up,
“Oh, but, you can call me Ann, by the way. ‘Takamaki’ feels too awkward.”
Sumire draws herself out of her light spiralling, and smiles, “Right, Ann-senpai. You can call
me Sumire, if you want, too!”
“Got it, Sumire-chan.” Ann shuffles a bit, “Well, hopefully nothing too crazy happens- I’ll
see you around!”
Sumire waves goodbye as Ann rushes off, resuming her track to the roof.
Pushing open the door to the roof, Sumire blinks at the lack of Ryuji, who usually takes
residence here during breaks.

If Ryuji isn’t here either, then…
This could mean the other world is involved, Violet.
Right. But on Ren’s first day? Really? Sumire can’t tell if he’s extremely lucky, or just
cursed.
But if Ren already has the Metanav, then that means she can get a hold of it too- and the
phantom thieves are probably mere days from being established.
But how is she going to explain why she already has a persona? And without the Nav, too?
‘Hello, people whom I have just met, I’m actually a time traveller from a future where the
world was very close to ending, and I’m here to fix it because it was partially your fault.’
Yeah, Sumire doubts that one is going to fly unchallenged. She still isn’t fully convinced
herself that she isn’t just crazy, so it’s not like she can prove it to anyone else either.
She just needs the Metanav at first, introducing and explaining herself can come later, when
she thinks of a cover story.
Sumire hums into her food as she eats it. How to get the Nav? Maybe if she just goes to the
Metaverse at least once? She can try it at least, and think of something better if that doesn’t
work. That means that she’ll have to follow the thieves in at some point.
Well, she’s done it before- and presumably they’ll be even less careful without the threat of
police capture looming over them.
Sumire closes her lunch with a snap, and determinedly shoves it back in her bag. She doesn’t
want to think of it as ‘stalking’, but she also struggles to think of a better descriptor- so to
stalking it is.
***
“Shit, man, this is just so insane!” Ryuji ruffles through his hair as Ren hums in response.
“Calm down,” he offers, in place of any actual advice, because frankly Ren is just as lost as
Ryuji is.
“How can I be calm?!” Ryuji hisses, “I mean, a castle? Kamoshida? And what the hell is up
with Morgana?” He sighs, flopping onto his back on the table he’s taken residence on.
Ren frowns, scuffing his shoe across the floor of the roof, turning towards the door to check
if anyone is listening to their -incoherent, to be fair- conversation. The door remains closed,
and he can’t hear anything, so he deems it safe.
“Like, we have to go back, right?” Ryuji asks, and Ren tunes back into what he’s saying.
“Definitely.” He nods. Morgana told them both to essentially fuck off and never come back,
but it’s way too late for that. Ren never knew how to leave well enough alone, anyway.

“Sweet!” A big grin breaks across Ryuji’s face, and Ren can’t help but reciprocate with his
own smirk.
“Cool, so after school, yeah?” Ryuji continues, and when Ren nods he sighs and stretches to
pop his shoulders out. “Oh, shit,” he stops, mid-stretch, “Good thing Sumire didn’t come up
here today, we definitely don’t want her hearing all this.”
Ren raises an eyebrow at the unfamiliar name, “Who?” He lets his smirk grow a little more
teasing, “Also, you know a girl?”
Ryuji rolls his eyes, “Yeah, yeah, very funny man. It ain’t like that anyway. She’s just some
first year. I don’t think she’d cause a problem or anything -she’s really nice- but I don’t want
her thinking we’re insane, or somethin’.”
“Sounds fair.” Ren readjusts his glasses and fiddles with his bangs.
Yeah, he doesn’t need ‘madman’ to add to the list of rumours that the entire student body are
already churning out. He’s only been here for a day, and everyone is already somehow
convinced that ‘assault’ means ‘criminal mastermind serial killer’. He doubts that they’ll
believe him if he tries to explain how they’re mistaken.
No one back home believed him either.
Ren tugs a little harder on his bangs, cutting himself off from that train of thought.
“Hellooo?” Ryuji waves his hand in front of Ren’s face, “Earth to Renren?” Ren snorts at the
nickname, and Ryuji grins again, “Meet outside the school after class?”
Ren hums in affirmation, and prepares himself for more supernatural bullshit.
I take offence to that, mon chéri. Ren slaps a hand over his mouth to stop the laugh that
escapes his throat.
Quiet in the peanut gallery, Ren thinks, and smiles as he sits back down at his desk.
***
“A whole train derailing,” Sae growls as she pops a piece of cheap sushi in her mouth fully
whole and pours over some paperwork. Akechi doubts the papers actually have anything of
worth on them, but he understands the nervous tick. “These psychotic breakdowns are getting
absurd. What’s next? A plane falling out of the sky?”
Akechi thinks, as he pokes at his own cheap sushi, that that is definitely something that he
may be ordered to do, at some point. It seems the logical step up from ‘train derailing’, if the
Minister of Transport still refuses to resign.
“These events are far too targeted to be coincidence.” Sae murmurs, and Akechi tried telling
him that, but did he listen? Piece of shit, putting everything at risk because he refuses to take
Akechi seriously- “There has to be a mastermind of some kind that benefits from all these

incidents…” The prosecutor continues, oblivious to Akechi’s white-knuckled grip on his
chopsticks. He’s glad he’s wearing gloves.
“You’re right, of course, Sae-san.” Akechi smiles innocently, “But we’ve been over this
before; while all these incidents seem far too targeted, they lack a common denominator for
one person who could benefit.” Akechi sighs, morphing his expression into something more
solemn and defeated, “It’s almost as though we’re missing something bigger, connecting the
incidents together…”
Internally, Robin raises an eyebrow while Loki barks a laugh. Akechi breathes slowly to
prevent a reaction twitching onto his face. He loves dropping innocent hints to Sae- it’s
fascinating to see just how close she can get to the truth. Though, he thinks, if she guesses too
much, Akechi will probably have to silence her.
Hm.
Maybe he should lead her a bit off track with his next comment.
Sae furiously shoves some more sushi in her mouth, rapidly chewing and swallowing,
“Maybe,” she starts, tapping her chopsticks on the edge of her plate, “We’re assuming that
there’s only one person who’s benefiting from this, when it could be so much more
widespread than that.” She looks up, the glint of an idea she’s latched onto visible on her
face, and Akechi tenses.
What to do?
SHALL WE SEE HOW FAR SHE CAN GO?
Do not allow her to fall into something she cannot escape.
WE HAVE ALREADY DECIDED THAT SHE IS COMPETANT ENOUGH TO HANDLE
HIS DOWNFALL WHEN WE ORCHESTRATE IT, SHOULD WE NOT PUT THAT TO
THE TEST?
She cannot fell a conspiracy if she is dead, parasite.
BUT DON’T YOU WANT TO KNOW?
The last taunt is directed at Akechi himself, and, ha, he must say, he is curious.
He has often fantasised about what would happen if Sae realised the killer she seeks is sitting
right under her nose. Would she confront him? Hand him straight to the authorities, into the
waiting clutches of the conspiracy? Would she hear him out as he presents all his evidence?
Would he have to kill her on the spot? Would she stop at just him, or would she follow the
thread all the way to its source?
Akechi isn’t sure. And that, as always, is what makes the dance of information so damn fun.
If his job can’t be stimulating, he can at least get a kick out of playing games with his
coworkers.

“That is certainly a possibility, Sae-san.” Akechi tilts his head and rests his chin on his hand,
“Perhaps we should take stock of where the majority of incidents benefit, and go from
there?” He knows that will probably only lead to Okumura, but, well, he can’t make the game
too easy, can he?
“That definitely sounds like a good start.” Sae nods, wiping her mouth with a napkin and
straightening the papers scattered across their table. “I’ll start on that tonight, then.” She
stands, and Akechi follows.
“Try not to overwork yourself, Sae-san.” He smiles, and he doesn’t think about how it’s
almost genuine.
Sae snorts and rolls her eyes, like Akechi has just told a truly hilarious joke (He’s aware he
has), and waves her hand for him to follow her out of the restaurant.
As much as Sae is a handful to deal with, Akechi welcomes the distraction from the shitty
week that is very rapidly turning into a shitty month.
***
Sumire jumps and spikes the ball over the net, to the cheers of some of her classmates. She
can jump higher than most of her peers, so they all collectively agreed to shove her on the
first-year team against the teachers.
She’s not complaining that much- it’s always fun for her to try out new sports, and a casual
volleyball rally is definitely a good place to have some fun without fear of a serious
competition.
She would probably be having more fun if she wasn’t on the team against Kamoshida,
though. The man was ruthless on the court, not to mention what Sumire knows about his
crimes. She would love nothing more than to put just another few hundred meters of distance
between them.
Seeking to do just that, Sumire sneaks off after her game wraps up, and wanders the practice
building semi-aimlessly, under the guise of just taking a break. She sighs, making her way
back to her classroom. Maybe she could see if Haru is in the gardens?
“Hey, Sumire!”
Or, she could talk to Ryuji.
“Ryuji-senpai!” Sumire turns to smile at the boy, “How are you?”
“Huh?” Ryuji is still in the process of catching his breath from running to catch up to her,
“Oh, I’m fine. But, uh, that’s not what I’m here to talk about.”
Sumire feels a frown pull at her lips, wringing her hands together, “Oh, um. What’s wrong,
then?”

“Oh, no, nothing bad!” Ryuji waves his hands in front of him, “Or well, maybe. I was just
wondering how much you’ve talked to Kamoshida since you started here. Has he done
anything, or…?” He looks at her expectantly.
Sumire can feel her eyes widen involuntarily. If Ryuji was asking around about Kamoshida,
then… have the phantom thieves already started their work? That was certainly fast- it’s only
been three days.
Sumire is pretty confident that the Metaverse is what would spur Ryuji to action. He seemed
so defeated just last week, so he’d probably need a reason to get all fired up, and she hasn’t
heard about anything major in the real world.
But, she doesn’t have anything tangible for Ryuji to use, unfortunately.
“I’m sorry, Ryuji-senpai- I haven’t really spoken to Mister Kamoshida at all. I do most of my
gymnastics stuff on my own time, so I haven’t needed to interact with him much.” Sumire
says, genuinely sorry that she can’t be of more use here- she’s been avoiding Kamoshida on
purpose, after all.
Ryuji deflates a bit. “Hey, that’s fine,” He says, scratching the back of his head, “I’m glad
you haven’t had any run-ins with him, though.”
Sumire pulls on her ponytail, “Yeah.” She agrees, “Well, good luck, Ryuji-senpai! I hope you
find something helpful.”
Ryuji nods and prepares to run off again, “You bet I will! See you ‘round.” He gives a thumbs
up, and rushes down the hall.
You should keep your ear to the ground, Cinder.
That she will.
…
Actually, does that mean Morgana is around somewhere?
***
It’s on her way to meet up with Haru that Sumire catches sight of the cat (not-cat, Ella quips)
in question.
“Where the hell are they…” Morgana grumbles, and Sumire quickly changes course to
follow.
She quietly tails the mumbling thief around the school grounds, getting the sense pretty
quickly that he’s looking for Ren and Ryuji.
She nearly trips as she skids to a halt to hide behind a corner as Morgana finally spots the two
boys.

“I finally found you!” He yowls, to lukewarm reception.
“You say somethin’?” Sumire hears Ryuji say, and- has he never seen Morgana in the real
world?
She doesn’t hear Ren say anything. Instead, Morgana continues his complaining: “How dare
you! Up and leaving me the other day!”
“Wha- Morgana!?” There it is. Sumire admits that it took her a bit to register the first time
around as well.
“A-are you hearing this, too!?” Ryuji presumably turns to Ren, spluttering.
“Meow?” She hears Ren’s voice say, and, oh, wow. She can hear how proud he is of that one.
Fitting, that the first thing she hears from him in this timeline is something like that.
“This is no time to be joking around!” Ryuji’s voice doesn’t crack, but it’s a near thing. She
guesses that Ren strongly disagrees with the sentiment, too, given the light chuckle that
follows Ryuji’s indignation.
Their voices lower after that, and Sumire gives up on straining to hear them for fear of being
caught, a bit put out that she can’t get any more information.
But, this puts a bit of a wrench in the timeline Sumire had been trying to construct in her
head. She had assumed, after being questioned by Ryuji the previous day, that the thieves
were already up and at it. But by the sounds of that, the group hasn’t properly formed yet.
Though, maybe Morgana just joins after Ryuji? Sumire doesn’t know when each of the
thieves joined, after all- over half the thieves go to Shujin, but surely they didn’t all join to
change Kamoshida’s heart? Though, what does she know? She thinks that Ann would be first
in line to change Kamoshida’s heart, but she doesn’t seem remotely involved yet.
It should be okay, though. The thieves dealt with Kamoshida before, they can do it again.
And Sumire can get the information she needs at any time- she’s in no rush.
***
Sumire was wrong. Very wrong; she thinks with numb horror. Because the next day, Shiho
Suzui jumps off the roof.
Sumire is standing with her hands pressed against the glass window, unable to tear her eyes
away from where the girl fell. Her classmates are screaming, her teacher is shouting, and she
can barely hear any of it over the ringing in her ears.
She doesn’t have time, it turns out- she never had time. All because she forgot that a girl
jumped off the school roof in the last timeline.
Who the hell forgets something like that?

Sumire jerks herself away form the window and staggers in the direction of the courtyard,
shoulder-checking anyone she passes, too far gone to register that she needs to move out of
the way.
This, she thinks, this must be what forms the Phantom Thieves of Hearts, this must be why
Ann joins, why Ren and Ryuji form a pact with Morgana, why three teenagers resorted to a
supernatural otherworld to solve their problems.
Of course it was going to be something drastic. Teenagers don’t just become vigilantes.
Sumire spills out onto the courtyard, joining the crowd of students around Suzui’s body,
(Your fault, you could have prevented this)
Her breath becomes short and stuttered as she struggles to remember if Suzui will be okay. To
what? Save her conscience that she didn’t do anything about this?
Sumire chokes out a desperate and incredulous laugh as she remembers- Ann’s wish in
Maruki’s reality was for the sake of her best friend, Suzui. She still can’t remember if that
means she dies or not.
Sumire trembles as she watches Ann sob next to her friend as she gets taken into an
ambulance- good, good, she’s going to a hospital, they’ll save her, they can save her.
Sumire slumps into a corner after she runs back into the school building.
What is the point, of being a time traveller, if she doesn’t do anything about it?
But what if? A part of her whispers, What if this had to happen? What if the thieves needed
this in order to form?
What if it had just been someone else up on the roof even if you somehow saved Suzui?
Sumire shudders as she tries to shut the voice in her head up. None of this is okay. Damned if
she does and damned if she doesn’t- and it isn’t even herself she’s damning. What if she
screws this up even more somehow and someone else dies because she’s careless?
She had come to appreciate that Maruki wouldn’t intentionally hurt them, but she had
forgotten that he was so thoroughly the exception in doing so.
What was she supposed to do?
“Please,” Sumire whispers into her arms as she buries her head in her knees, “Please,
someone just tell me what I’m supposed to do.”
She is predictably met with silence.
Sumire chokes on a sob as she drowns out the clamour of the still frantic school around her,
wishing to just disappear into the ground for the rest of the day.
“Yoshizawa-san? Is that you? Oh dear, are you alright? Just breathe with me, okay?”

Sumire obliges the voice, taking shuddering breaths in time with the blurry figure in front of
her, eventually calming down enough to look properly in front of her.
Are you serious? Ella hisses.
It's almost funny, Sumire can distantly think through her haze. But here and now, she goes
very still in her shock.
“There, are you feeling better now, Yoshizawa-san?” Maruki says, a kind smile on his face.
(Lying, he’s lying, he’s a madman, he’ll make you go back-)
Sumire bites her lip and nods her head, not trusting herself to respond.
“That’s good.” Maruki has the gall to took relieved. “That was a horrible thing to witness,
I’m sorry that you had to see it.” Sumire wishes that he’d leave.
She nods again, still not trusting her own voice.
Maruki pauses, concern painting his features, “Are you sure you’re alright, Kasumi-san?” He
tries, and Sumire clenches her fists so hard she thinks she might draw blood.
“Sumire.” She finally says, and Maruki looks shocked.
“H-huh?” He gapes, and Sumire can’t do this right now.
“My name,” She finally meets his eyes, “Is Sumire Yoshizawa, and don’t you forget it.” And
she turns to leave.
***
Sumire plans the rest of her day in numb determination. She doesn’t think about how badly
she’s messed up, and she focuses exclusively on what she has to do now.
The Metanav is her top priority. She has a half-formed plan already, and no reason not to put
it into action.
Sumire hides behind a pillar in the street out the front of Shujin, having to hide from both the
boys in the alleyway and Ann, who is clearly attempting the same thing that Sumire is.
Sumire hears the chime of the Metanav, and the world shiftsAnd she feels the weight of her mask, the thrum of her persona, and she finally feels some
control come back to her for the first time since February third.
She’s still hiding behind the pillar, as she sees Ren, Ryuji, and Morgana start preparing to
enter the palace, as Ann yelps at the sight.
Or, no. Rather, Joker, Skull, and Mona start panicking as they see Ann has followed them in,
and Sumire shifts a little further into the shadows.

Her eyes fall on Joker, seemingly unaffected by the situation before him. He’s always like
that- but only someone who doesn’t know him would take the calm as callousness. Sumire
knows that he cares.
…
But is that really true?
If Joker cared, why would he doom everyone to a perfect, saccharine, reality where everyone
played their parts and read their scripts and exited stage left when they stopped being wished
into immortality?
Did he truly believe that Sumire was better off as Kasumi? Or did he just not care?
Seeing Joker now, debating with Skull and Mona about what to do about Ann, Sumire can’t
help but feel the anger she summoned in February prick underneath her skin. She claimed she
could forgive Maruki, thought she could trust Ren until the end of time, but well, when push
comes to shove, Sumire refuses to be pathetic and weak anymore.
She will never let someone else decide what’s best for her ever again.
With the sting of seeing Maruki, the guilt of what happened to Suzui, and her unresolved
bundle of feelings from February third, Sumire decides that’s what’s best is to find another
way to do this.
So Sumire turns around, and activates the newly installed Nav on her phone to return to the
real world.

Chapter End Notes

CW: Shiho's suicide attempt happens as in canon, but entirely non-graphic and offscreen
Hello again! Thanks for reading :)
I always feel as though I should say more in these notes, but unfortunately I am unfunny
and thus have no quips.
Anyway- I'm glossing over a lot of the unaltered canon events in this fic, because I don't
enjoy just repeating canon dialouge too much and I'm sure it's boring to read as well.
This fic will get a lot denser once events start to diverge later on, though.

Chapter 5
Chapter Summary

Sumire lays out what she knows, Ren tries to ignore that things are weird, and Akechi
tries to ignore that he's falling apart.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Maruki walks through the halls of Shujin, thoroughly shocked by the day’s events.
What were the odds that a student would attempt suicide on the day he was here to discuss a
counselling position? The school definitely needs him, clearly. And to run into Yoshizawa as
well… which…
She has rejected her happiness.
Which is what was so odd. She had been fully convinced that she was Kasumi, last Maruki
checked- and she had adjusted quite well, too. But, there was the matter of how she cancelled
her sessions so abruptly…
She must have been confronted with something that went right to the root of her trauma,
Maruki thinks, to snap her back into being Sumire. But when could that have happened? Was
it just before she cancelled her sessions, with that being her motivator? Could it have been
because of the incident today? Yoshizawa did seem to have a panic attack because of it, but
Maruki can’t see how this particular incident would relate to her survivor’s guilt enough to
snap her back to reality…
Reality is what you make of it.
Of course, right.
Maruki sighs as he exits the school gates, his eyes catching on an alleyway whereHuh?
What?
Maruki almost trips over his feet as he sees three students, a boy with curly black hair, a girl
with blonde pigtails, and a boy with dyed blond hair, materialise out of thin air in an
alleyway across from Shujin’s gates.
Could it be that…?

It is possible your theories have come to fruition.
Is that really possible? Just like that, proof of the cognitive world? Really?
Well. It’s a bit of a leap to assume, Maruki thinks. Maybe he just blinked at the wrong time.
Trick of the light. He has been curious about optical illusions, lately, he’s actually thinking
about planning a lesson on them at some pointStay focused.
Right, right.
Well, on the off chance that this is related to his research, he’ll have to keep an eye on those
three when he properly accepts his position. (He thinks he nailed his interview, after all)
The time is at hand.
***
The first thing Sumire does when she gets back from practice on Saturday is flop face first on
her bed, muscles sore from exercise and strain.
The second thing she does is remember everything horrible in her life from the past few days,
and quickly sits back up to grab a notebook and a pen.
She sits at her desk, and writes at the top of a blank page, ‘events from the previous timeline’.
Really?
Well, what else is she supposed to write?
Although, maybe she should be a bit more careful about leaving evidence. Hm. Too late now,
anyway.
Given her mistake in regard to Suzui, Sumire racks her brain to think about what she knows
about the timeline of thieving events, and what might be… necessary for things to not go
south.
First things first, the thieves’ first target was (is?) Suguru Kamoshida. Sumire also jots down
in dot points that he was clearly targeted for personal reasons from each of the thieves. The
thieves currently only consist of Ren, Ryuji, Ann, and Morgana.
She remembers that Kamoshida confesses sometime in early May- where the thieves then
become something of a local legend around Shujin, but are not taken particularly seriously
otherwise.
Next up, Ichiryusai Madarame. Sumire doesn’t know much about him, other than that he
confessed to plagiarism and abuse of his students. Speaking of his students, Sumire finds it
very likely that Yusuke joined for this particular change of heart- it would fit the bill of the

thieves targeting for personal reasons, and it doesn’t make much sense for him to have joined
at any other point.
Sumire pauses her pen as she goes to write the next target.
She… really can’t remember the guy’s name. She tries! But all she can remember is that there
were a bunch of rumours about phishing scams at the time that a mafia boss got arrested and
confessed in custody.
So, mafia boss. That’s all she’s got. It also doesn’t help that she can’t think of why any of the
thieves would have wanted to take down the mafia for personal reasons, and she can’t think
of who might have joined at this point. Maybe no one did? Sumire really doesn’t know.
Sumire pauses again when she goes to write the next target.
Ah, Medjed. She doesn’t even know if this target had anything to do with the cognitive world
at all. The thieves didn’t publicly change anyone’s heart, after all. They just doxxed someone.
Sumire does know that Futaba would have joined by this point, though. The rest of the
thieves weren’t exactly ‘tech-savvy’, so she doubts that anyone other than the Oracle herself
could have made the fool out of an international hacker group.
Next up, Kunikazu Okumura.
Hm.
He didn’t exactly have a… change of heart.
But the thieves did target him, at some point, and Sumire would bet that it’s Haru that joined
for this particular operation.
Sumire bites the end of her pen. Is it her responsibility to ensure that Okumura doesn’t die
this time? Is that something she can even remotely gain control of? She knows that it was
Haru’s wish in the false reality for her father to be alive again, so…
She benches that thought. It is her responsibility, she decides, but she can only do something
about it later when she has more information.
Sumire goes to write the next name, thanking her lucky stars that she actually knows it, since
the calling card was never publicised. The thieves had only told to her about whose palace it
was because she had helped them there, after all.
Sae Niijima, the elder sister of Makoto Niijima. Sumire can guess that Makoto probably
joined to help with her sister.
She also remembers that there was the whole debacle of Ren faking his death, and boy
Sumire wishes she asked a few more questions about that. She doesn’t even know why they
had to do that, let alone how.

Though, Sumire thinks as she starts writing the next name, the reason may have something to
do with Masayoshi Shido.
Sumire had tried to join the thieves to help them with Shido’s palace, but was turned down on
the premise that Shido was incredibly dangerous, and that she shouldn’t put herself at risk
when she had so far been uninvolved. It’s possible that the thieves ran into some trouble with
the prime ministerial candidate in the real world, and had to pull out some truly wild and
reckless moves to overcome it.
Sumire also doesn’t know if anyone joined for Shido’s palace. She remembers seeing the
silhouette of all the thieves in their TV calling card, so all the members would have
assembled at this point- minus Akechi.
Sumire stares at her page for a bit, before writing Akechi’s name, circling it, and adding a
bunch of question marks.
Sumire has absolutely no idea what Akechi was up to during all this.
From what she gathered; Akechi claimed that he was not a member of the phantom thieves
when they first entered Maruki’s palace. But, he already had a persona (a powerful one, at
that) and also him and the other thieves would often make comments that implied Akechi had
worked with them before.
There was also the fact that all of the thieves minus Ren seemed really tense around him, and
would never explain why. Whenever she tried to ask anyone, she would get an ‘It’s
complicated,’ or ‘It’s not my story to tell,’ or ‘Why don’t you just ask the thieves if you’re so
curious, Yoshizawa?’.
So, not very helpful.
Maybe Akechi had joined them for just one palace, or something? Or he worked with them in
the real world? Sumire’s best guess as to why the thieves didn’t like him so much was that he
spent a lot of his airtime on TV blatantly disagreeing with the thieves’ message, and that
his… bloodthirst took a bit of adjustment. Maybe he just made them uncomfortable?
Sumire points an arrow towards Okumura’s name. Maybe Akechi had joined to help with
taking down Okumura, and had a falling out with them when the change of heart went
wrong? But Sumire also remembers that Akechi claimed in his interviews that the thieves
were not responsible for the CEO’s death. Maybe it was complicated? Or, he just hadn’t
joined at that point.
Sumire’s next guess is that he joined for Sae Niijima. She’s a prosecutor, and Akechi does
work with the police, so maybe they have a connection somehow? Though, that begs the
question, why would Akechi leave after changing Sae’s heart? Maybe he thought the thieves
were incurably stupid for letting the police catch them? That does sound like something he’d
think. And say to their faces. Was he in on the ‘Ren faking his death’ thing, or was he left to
assume the worst? Maybe that’s why he and the thieves don’t get along?
She still doesn’t know.

Her next guess is that he joined to help take down Masayoshi Shido. But if that was the case,
why would he claim he wasn’t a part of the thieves by the time of Maruki? And why
wouldn’t he appear in the calling card?
And there was also…
Sumire sits in the shotgun seat of the Monabus, having swapped with Oracle after her legs
started cramping. She listens to the chatter in the back of the van, occasionally chiming in or
swapping some words with Joker in the driver’s seat.
She hears a lull in the conversation, which peters out fully when Crow speaks up, quieter
than he would normally be.
“I just wanted to say,” he says, folding his arms, “…thanks. For dealing with Shido, like I
asked.”
Most of the thieves don’t seem to know what to say to that, besides a firm nod from Fox and a
small smile from Noir that Sumire catches in the rearview mirror, but Skull scoffs, stretching
out his legs, “Yeah dude, we didn’t really do it for you.”
Crow’s grip on his arms seems to tighten at that, but he gives a small hum and says nothing
more, turning to look out the window.
Sumire feels that may have been a bit callous, and her sentiment seems to be shared by Joker,
who stiffens at Skull’s response.
“I did.” Joker says, softly, so that none of the other thieves hear it. Sumire catches it, though.
Hm.
If Akechi had requested Shido as a target, then what reason would he have to not join them
for that palace? Was he needed in the real world instead? And, beyond that, when did Akechi
even awaken his persona? Was he like Sumire? Stumbling into a palace based on pure
coincidence when the Nav inexplicably downloaded itself? Or were the thieves there to
supervise?
She really needs to find a way to get in contact with Akechi.
Sumire almost writes down ‘Maruki’ as the thieves’ final target, before quickly crossing it
out and writing down: ‘Christmas eve????’.
Sumire knows three things about what happened on December 24th:
The sky turned red, and it started raining blood. She didn’t need to be told that one,
actually, she remembers it quite clearly. It definitely freaked her out when it happened.
Maruki fully awakened his persona that day; as shown by the video tape memories in
his palace.
The phantom thieves fought god.

Or, well, a god. Little g, presumably. Doesn’t make it any less crazy, though. It had
something to do with Mementos, if Sumire interpreted the thieves’ out-of-context chatter
correctly.
Finally, Sumire writes down Maruki’s name, along with the bullet point ‘what went wrong?’.
What went wrong, indeed?
Ren had accepted the deal. Or, tried to, before Sumire got booted a year into the past. Even as
she thinks about it harder than she has before, with all the information present before her, she
still can’t figure out why Ren would have any reason to take the deal. His shaky explanation
on February third was cut short when he broke down crying halfway through, and it’s as
Futaba had pointed out: Ren didn’t even get a wish.
So why?
Sumire sighs. She must be missing something, and the only thing to do is to gather more
information. She writes a little ‘to do’ list in the corner of her page, writing down some
points.
One, find a way to contact Akechi. Two, talk more with some of the thieves to see if she can
get a feel for each of their situations and motives. Three, take a trip to Mementos now that
she has the Nav. And four, keep an eye on the thieves’ movements, just to see if they’re okay
and if there’s any noticeable differences from what she knows of last timeline.
The last two points, Sumire concedes, might be a bit risky. She’s never fought alone for any
extended period of time, so she’ll have to be careful in any Metaverse trips.
This could be solved, Cinder, if you simply joined the thieves early, like you originally
intended.
Well, she could, but she still hasn’t figured out a way to explain herself.
She also doesn’t think she’s emotionally equipped to handle a conversation with Ren right
now. She doesn’t regret deciding to walk away from the thieves for now. She needs to sort
out her feelings on that before she can do anything.
Jumping a bit, and disregarding that last train of thought, Sumire hastily adds one more dot
point.
Five, visit Leblanc.
***
Ren opens the door to Leblanc, quietly shushing Morgana under the sound of the tinkling
bell. He nearly jumps when he sees a customer sitting at the bar, which probably doesn’t bode
well for the state of the café’s profits, but Boss never seems worried, so Ren doesn’t judge.
What is truly surprising, though, is that the customer isn’t part of the older clientele who
usually frequent the café. In fact, it looks to be someone around Ren’s age- a girl with long

red hair and glasses, sipping at the dregs of her coffee.
Ren stands in the doorway for a beat too long before making his way towards the attic stairs.
When the girl turns and looks at him, Ren prepares to give a nod and a wave, but before he
gets the chance she makes a squeak, hurriedly leaves some money on the counter, and rushes
out of the shop.
Ren stands for yet another beat too long before turning to face the full force of Sojiro’s sideeye.
“That was weird,” Morgana quips,
“You know her or something?” Sojiro follows, making Ren feel like he’s getting interrogated
by the two of them despite one not being able to understand the other.
Ren shrugs, “Never seen her before.”
Sojiro hums like he doesn’t believe him. “Sure you aren’t going around breaking hearts or
something?” the side-eye morphs into a teasing smirk, and Ren feels his face twitch to match.
“Believe me,” he says, walking again towards the attic stairs, “You’ll be the first to know if I
suddenly get game.”
Sojiro scoffs, “Brat,” he huffs before turning back to work. Ren takes it as his cue to make
himself scarce.
“But seriously,” Morgana says once he hops out of the bag in the relative privacy of the attic,
“That really was weird.”
Ren privately agrees, but he struggles to think of what he could have possibly done, unlessoh.
“She probably goes to Shujin.” He guesses, rubbing behind his neck, “She might’ve heard the
rumours or something and panicked.”
Morgana hums, “Maybe,” he concedes, “But it could also be something else.”
Ren squints at the cat and wonders if he hears how vague that sounds, “Such as?”
“I dunno!” Morgana yowls, stretching out on Ren’s bed. “Ugh, lets just go to sleep.”
“Lemme just put these away first,” Ren takes the just-bought model guns out of his bag, andwait, was Morgana just sitting on those the whole way back? That can’t have been
comfortable. He shoves the suspicious contraband in the top desk of his workbench and
hopes that his probation officer, should he ever show up, doesn’t think to question it.
Ren looks back to the cat dozing on his pillow, “Hey Morgana?” The cat stirs, “Can I ask you
something about the Metaverse?”
Morgana’s ears twitch, and he hops up, trotting to the edge of the bed. “Yeah, what’s up?”

How to describe this without sounding insane? “Is it normal to get, like,” Ren waves his
hands in what he hopes is something explanatory, “Visions? Or something, in the
Metaverse?”
Morgana narrows his eyes, “I’m guessing you aren’t just asking that hypothetically, huh?”
Ren reaches up to mess with his bangs, “It’s nothing, really. I just thought I saw something
when I awakened to Arsène, s’all.” He rolls his lips together, ignoring the deep chuckle of the
thief in his head.
Stop acting like you know something I don’t.
I assure you; I am thou. I know as you do. Which is to say, nothing at all.
Morgana looks like he’s considering it, “Well, I’ve never heard anything about that, but it’s
not like I have my memories, or anything, so…” he trails off, looking downtrodden. Ren
bumps his hand against the cat’s nose, and scratches behind his ears.
“It’s probably nothing, don’t worry about it.” Ren lies, avoiding the bubbling feeling of
wrong that threatens to stew in his gut.
“My best guess is that since it happened during your awakening, that maybe your persona
was trying to tell you something?” Morgana wriggles out of Ren’s pets and gives the bet
shrug a cat can give, “But like I said, I’m not sure.”
Ren purses his lips. Something about that information rings false to him. His awakening was
so vivid, and still is, within his mind. Arsène’s words are burned into his brain like a brand,
and Ren doubts he could forget them if he tried. But, the little flickers he got in between were
hazy, and trying to recall them is like catching smoke. The more Ren tries to pick at the
details, the more they flit through his fingers.
“It’s probably nothing, you don’t need to worry about it.” Ren looks around for a distraction,
“Now should we watch something, or-”
“Get some sleep, damnit!”

***
Akechi turns up the volume on his TV, trying to drown the sound in his own head. The
offending noisemakers just get louder in response.
WE’VE WAITED LONG ENOUGH; THE OLD MAN IS GETTING TOO
COMFORTABLE.
Patience. We can wait a little longer.
WHILE WE CONTINUE TO BE BLED DRY? AT THIS RATE WE WILL NOT EVEN
MAKE IT TO DECEMBER.

Acting now serves us no purpose. We stand to lose everything if we act rashly.
OH, BUT WHYEVER NOT? DON’T YOU WANT TO SEE HOW THE BALD FUCK
WOULD TAKE A BOUT OF INSANITY?
He would know it was us, and he can easily cover something like a psychotic break up.
He needs to be at his peakSO YOU ARE GETTING IMPATIENT- OH POOR HERO, TOO COWARDLY TO TAKE
ACTIONAnd round, and round, and round.
“Shut up,” Akechi growls, grinding his teeth together.
If I had it my way, Bird, we would not be in this position.
AND IF I HAD IT MINE, THIS FARCE WOULD HAVE ENDED YEARS PRIOR.
And that’s the punchline, isn’t it? No one gets what they want, Akechi attempting to straddle
the line between two core desires, and getting nowhere in their clash.
“Stop feeling sorry for yourself,” he hisses into his hands. This isn’t helping. He can barely
think, and he has a pile of tasks to do which he definitely won’t be able to complete if his
personas are at this level of dissonance.
It’s more than just the noise Akechi had to contend with when they get like this. It’s a
splitting migraine, and a feeling of wrongness that he can’t pin to any particular body partassigning it to some vague region in his chest as the closest thing.
And that’s nothing on what starts happening once he’s in the metaverse.
Both Robin and Loki would fight and claw for the front seat, swapping rapidly in and out as
Akechi tries and fails to get a handle on what he wants, what is this all for? Do you remember
the vow you madeUnfortunately, Akechi made two vows, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to honour
them both.
Akechi stumbles his way into the bathroom, rubbing at his temples and turning on the faucet
to the sink. He splashes some cold water on his face and glares at his reflection, picking it
apart to distract himself. He’s let the bags under his eyes grow too big, the freckles on his
face need to be covered up, his smile is too fragile, andHe could go on. The distraction isn’t that helpful, actually.
Breaking eye contact with himself, he rummages in the cabinet underneath the sink to grab
what he’ll need for tonight’s excursion. He can still barely hear himself over his personas.

Taking a deep breath, Akechi starts to cut up the mess that is his thoughts and shoves them
into their respective boxes, drawing lines and running tape.
He will not be acting rashly. One point to Robin.
He isn’t going to keel over before December. Another point to Robin.
THIS FEELS BIASED
He is prepared to do what needs to be done. One point to Loki.
Are you really? Do you not remember the last time you enacted a break?
He’ll be fine.
The last time he used Call of Chaos was a fluke. He was just unprepared; he won’t let it catch
him unawares again.
Both personas are pointedly silent. Fine. That’s fine.
A buzzing static replaces the migraine, and Akechi doesn’t feel any better for it.
***
On Monday, Ren goes back to school, now with the weight of the possibility of being
expelled in two weeks hanging over his head.
“Amamiya-kun?” Kawakami calls to him during break, and, god, what did he do this time?
He doesn’t say that, because he thinks antagonising her is probably a bad idea.
“Yeah?” he says instead, inoffensive.
Kawakami still sighs like he’s a particularly rowdy cat that just knocked yet another glass off
the table, “Could you come with me to the guidance office? I need to talk to you about
something.”
He doesn’t have much of a choice. “Sure,” he says anyway.
As the two of them are about to enter the guidance office, Ren nearly walks into Kamoshida
exiting the room, the girl with red hair on his tail.
“Watch where you’re going.” Kamoshida spits, and quickly changes his face into something
more amicable when he sees Kawakami, “Oh, Ms. Kawakami! I see you’re getting on the
problem I told you about this morning?”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m on it.” And Ren tries not to feel too happy at the confirmation that
Kawakami isn’t necessarily sick of just him, but rather just tired in general.
“Um,” the girl with red hair pipes up, likely wondering when she can leave. Ren notices she
still hasn’t looked at him.

“Oh, you know this guy, Yoshizawa?” Kamoshida says to her, and her face scrunches up in
confusion, “You should avoid guys like him, you know, a real troublemaker.”
Yoshizawa looks like she doesn’t quite know how to respond, given that nothing she’s said
had any relation to the direction Kamoshida has taken the conversation. “Sure?” She offers,
sounding dubious.
“If you’re done,” Kawakami interjects, clearly also confused, “I need to use the guidance
office.”
“Of course,” Kamoshida says, and wow, how did he make even something as short as that
sound slimy?
When the two of them finally enter the guidance office, Ren takes a seat across from
Kawakami, making himself look as harmless as possible. He nearly jumps when Morgana
pokes his head out of the bag, having forgotten he was there. He, lightly, shoves him back in
the bag in case Kawakami decides to be particularly perceptive.
“So,” she starts, “Did something happen between you and Mister Kamoshida?” And Ren
sighs, and prepares to do what damage control he can for his reputation.
***
His run in with Kamoshida that morning must have put him in a bad mood, because the first
thing Ren does after school is pull the thieves together to storm Kamoshida’s palace.
“Right now?” Morgana asks, clearly dubious, “We still have two weeks, you know.”
“Yeah, I’m sure,” and itching to fight something, Ren does not say.
“Hell yeah!” Ryuji pumps his fist, and Ann rolls her eyes at his antics, but ultimately doesn’t
protest.
The world shifts, and the Phantom Thieves of Hearts prepare to make their debut.
(Not before the Velvet Room demands his presence, though. Ren narrowly manages to avoid
sacrificing Arsène, choosing to execute some other small personas he picked up instead.)
While running through the palace, Ren feels the stress from the past week melt away.
He’s still angry. He doesn’t think he’ll stop being angry, even after they change Kamoshida’s
heart, but for now he can feel the rhythm of battles and hiding and negotiation as they make
rapid progress through the lower halls.
His teammates are amazing, too- adapting quickly to his battle commands and growing
stronger with each fight. Ren swears he sees their personas all high-five sometimes, after
battle, and he grins at the easy comradery.
His friends are, admittedly, less helpful with the puzzles they encounter, but they try their
best.

“Do you think these seeds are good for anything?” Ann asks as she pokes at the will seed
they’ve just picked up.
“Who knows?” Morgana shrugs, “But it can’t hurt to take them and see, right?”
Ren nods, and signals for the team to keep moving. Ryuji gives him a friendly shove, and
Ren grinsRen is running, running somewhere- (it’s bright?) There are flashing lights- green, pink, red,
blue,
Red, blue, and more red and more blue.
He can hear the muffled voices of his teammates, and (They sound panicked, and Ren is
panicking too because he doesn’t understand what is happening, what is this? He thinks of-)
They sound panicked, but Ren is calm, because he knows it’s an act, an act to foolHe jumps, from ledge to ledge, neon light to neon light, and,
A confirmation of position over the comms, a velvety voice reassuring thatThe traitor takes his aim, sights set for the distraction needed for Ren’s escape.
He shoots, perfectly of course, he never thought to sabotage them through a guise of poor
skill, when it would have been so easy, but no, the traitor always felt like he had to win,
Ren gets it.
The traitor chuckles lightly over the voice comms, fishing for praise, and Ren grins, because
the game isn’t over, not yet, and Ren can’t wait to have that rematchRen snaps back, adrenaline pumping from the chase ofNo.
No, he’s…
The vision slips from his mind like sand.
God, what the hell?
“Hey, woah, what the hell!” Ryuji’s voice cuts through the haze, as Ren stumbles on his feet,
feeling his knees buckle, a migraine thumping behind his eyes.
“Holy shit are you okay?!” Ann’s voice, this time. Ren leans against a wall as he squeezes his
eyes shut, and tries to say something that he hopes sounds like ‘I’m okay’.
It comes out as more of a pained groan, and he hears his friends mutter in panicked tones as
hands gently guide him to sitting down.

Ren cracks open his eyes into a squint as the pain in his head slowly dies down, and sees the
other thieves crowding over him with matching expressions of worry. He sits, steadying his
breathing as his friends hover awkwardly, giving them a thumbs up when he feels mostly
okay.
“Hey,” Morgana pokes at his knee, “What was that?”
“Uh,” Ren says, intelligently, “Not sure.”
“What do you mean you’re not sure!” Ryuji throws his hands up in the air, “You just
collapsed, man!”
“We were really worried…” Ann says, eyes wide.
“I didn’t collapse,” Ren protests, but cuts himself off as Ryuji waves his hands again, getting
the point.
“It was just a dizzy spell.” Ren continues, “And a migraine,” he adds.
Morgana gives him a look, but stays quiet. Ren makes a note to thank him for his silence
later.
“Dude…” Ryuji sighs, clearly not believing him, “You know you can tell us if something’s
up, right?”
“Yeah,” Ann pipes up, “If you’re overworked, we can pick this up later.”
“It’s fine,” Ren says again, hoping that he sounds a lot better than he feels, but fuck, his
head’s still spinning, “I can keep going, if you guys are still good.” He moves to stand, but
turns it into a little shuffle when his legs don’t cooperate.
“Uh, no!” Morgana yelps, finally deciding to break his quiet judgement “You collapsed!
Don’t you dare tell me you’re feeling okay enough to fight shadows again!”
“I told you that I’m fine,” Ren says, trying to hide his annoyance. He really doesn’t need
them to“Nah, man, you need to take a nap or something.” Ryuji chimes in, and Ren frowns.
“Mhm!” Ann smiles brightly, her tone broking no room for argument, “Aaand we’re gonna
walk you to the train to make sure you don’t collapse and die again!”
“I’m not dying…” Ren sighs, rubbing his temples. He’s fine, really. The feeling of whatever
that was came and went pretty rapidly, (He knows Morgana will pester him about it later) and
now he’s right as rain. He can still fight and lead just fine, so why“Well, even if you’re feeling so great,” Ann says, smug at the new angle she’s found, “I’m
just so exhausted, and I think I might die if we keep going, so can we please head home?”
she finishes with a shit-eating grin, and Ren wonders if she was even trying to be convincing.
With that performance, he has to guess no.

Looking back and forth between Ryuji’s encouraging nods towards Ann’s loophole, and
Morgana’s continued look, Ren sighs, and gestures to the nearby saferoom, taking out the
Metanav after Ryuji half carries him into one of the chairs.
“Fine,” he says flatly, warping them all back to the entrance, “But we’re going back
tomorrow.”

Chapter End Notes

I think I've *kind of* settled into an update schedule? That being, tuesdays and
thursdays in my timezone.
Anyway, thanks for reading!
___
Ren, literally bleeding out: I'm fine guys. You don't need to worry. I just need like, one
minute and I'll be great.

Chapter 6
Chapter Summary

Sumire learns some more about the future thieves, Ren has dreams, and Akechi has
nightmares.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire spends the week following her ‘arranging what she knows’ desperately trying to
scramble for new information.
She doesn’t need to talk to Ann or Ryuji, since she already knows their motives for phantom
thievery, and any new information about the past timeline probably doesn’t even exist by way
of the events not even having happened yet.
So, that just leaves Sumire with Makoto, Haru, Yusuke, Futaba, and Akechi as unknowns.
Two of those people, she thinks as she spies Makoto slipping into the student council room
on Wednesday, are a lot easier to find and talk to than the others.
Leblanc had been a bust in nearly every sense. When she had entered the café on Sunday,
Sojiro had simply greeted her with a grunt and a lightly perplexed look (Sumire guesses that
not a lot of high schoolers are going out of their way to sample back-alley coffee and curry),
and asked her for her order. She had just ordered the house blend, for lack of any more
specific coffee knowledge, and settled into partially uncomfortable silence as the TV played
some police procedural in the background. Sumire also concedes that she may have
overreacted when Ren showed up in the café- having made a noise that was not a squeak,
thankyouverymuch, bolting out of the café before any interaction could take place.
I am beginning to sense that avoidance is your preferred coping mechanism.
Yeah, Sumire thinks scathingly, pointedly not thinking about her year as Kasumi, who knew.
Sumire follows Makoto into the student council room, making the brunette jolt in shock
when she energetically sits across from her, happily opening her lunch.
“Oh, um, Sumire-chan,” Makoto blinks, still recovering, “Did you need something?”
“Not at all!” Sumire half-lies. She’s still allowed to enjoy someone’s company even if she
needs something as well, right?

“Ah, well, then,” Makoto still seems lost, “Feel free to sit?” she finishes weakly, and Sumire
decides not to point out that she’s already sitting down.
Maybe she’s coming on too strong.
“How have you been, Makoto-senpai?” She tries.
“Ah, I’ve been fine,” Makoto does actually loosen up at that, “A little overworked, I’ll admit,
but I can manage.”
Sumire hums, “Do you mind me asking what’s been giving you so much trouble? I know a
lot of physical exercises that are good for relaxation, if you need them!”
“That’s very kind, but it’s nothing too major,” Makoto shakes her head, “Just a lot of admin
stuff that’s been piling up, and the teachers have really started pressuring us on our university
applications, so…”
Sumire recalls their conversation at the train station, “Have you thought any more about what
it is you want to do?”
Makoto presses her lips together, “Not… really?” She sighs, “My sister seems pretty
confident that law is the right choice, and I don’t have any other ideas.” She gives an
uncharacteristic shrug, and Sumire frowns.
“Do you like law?” She asks.
“I do,” Makoto returns confidently, “I really am fascinated by our country’s justice system,
and how it is that we judge criminals, but…” her lips twitch into a grimace, “My sister is just
so stressed all the time, that we hardly spend any time together anymore, and,” Sumire nods
encouragingly, not wanting to pass up this chance, “Our father was the same way. So, I
suppose I’m just concerned what a job like that will do to me if I don’t have the drive.”
Sumire rests her chin in her hand, considering, “Well, if you like law, then I guess you just
have to figure out what avenue makes you the most excited, right?”
Makoto smiles in a way Sumire feels is a bit condescending, “Thank you Sumire-chan, but I
think it’s a bit more complicated than that.”
She frowns, “How so? My sister and I chose to specialise in rhythmic gymnastic because we
thought it was the most fun, so why should choosing your career be any different? You don’t
want to have to do a job you dislike, right?”
“Well,” Makoto huffs, “It’s about how far you can take it, no? You yourself seemed
concerned about what happens after you have to retire from being a gymnast, so it’s really a
matter of wanting to avoid getting stuck in a dead-end job with no options.”
“Well, yes, but,” Sumire bites her lip, “So long as you can support yourself, is success really
the only thing that matters? So long as you have a goal, you’ll always be able to push towards
something, I think.”

Makoto lets out a weary sigh, “I sure hope so. But that still doesn’t change that I don’t know
what I want. I really look up to sis, but she’s so…” she makes a frustrated gesture with her
hands, and Sumire kind of gets it.
Sumire fidgets, unsure how to comfort her, “I’m sure you’ll figure something out, senpai.”
Makoto breathes out a laugh, “I’m sure.” She flicks through the papers in front of her
absentmindedly, “I know that part of me really wants to get a job that will make my sister
proud- she’s done so much for me, after all- but sometimes it feels like she expects so much,
and it’s a little overwhelming.”
Sumire remembers the gaudy neon of Sae’s casino, the chirping of slot machines, and the
posters declaring ‘VICTORY’, ‘SUCCESS’, and ‘JUSTICE’, and she thinks she’s starting to
get a little more of the bigger picture.
“Call it a hunch, but I’m sure she’ll loosen up someday.” Sumire smiles, and hopes that
Makoto doesn’t have to suffer too much before then.
Makoto looks like she doesn’t quite believe her, but her face eases into a small smile when
she says, “I hope that she will.”
***
On Thursday, Sumire gets a text from Haru, asking her for help with the garden at lunch.
“They’ve decided on where to move the garden,” Haru says, pulling on her gloves, “We’re
going to move it up to the roof.”
Sumire pauses in surprise, “I thought the roof was off-limits, after…” her shoulders tense at
the memory.
“It is, but they’re giving me a key,” Haru smiles softly, as if sensing her distress, “And we’re
also waiting a bit before we start to move, just so we don’t disturb the plants and we can let
things cool down a bit.”
Sumire nods, untensing, “Alright, then.”
Sumire picks up the watering can and starts spreading the contents evenly across the various
flora, while Haru starts picking at the weeds threatening to make homes in the corners of the
planters.
“So, Haru-senpai?” Sumire starts, hoping she’s more subtle than she feels, “Why did you
learn to garden, anyway?” It’s a long shot, but who knows? Maybe gardening has some deepseated significance as to why her father is a bad CEO. And also why someone might want to
murder him.
Haru hums, her eyes pulling into the middle-distance as she considers her answer, “I think
that I just sort of learned it to pass the time.” She giggles into her hand, “Sorry if that sounds
boring, but I found that I enjoyed it, so I kept at it.”

Sumire nods, and worries her lips together, “Does it have anything to do with your family’s
company?”
Haru’s head whips around so fast that Sumire worries for a second that it might fly off. Her
face has grown pale, her lips are in a tight line, and she looks down at the ground seeming
dejected, “Oh… so you did know, after all…”
Sumire backtracks, waving her hands, not having expected that response, “I’m sorry! It’s,
okay if it’s something you don’t want to talk about, or something!”
Haru shakes her head, but her smile doesn’t return, “No, it’s fine. It’s just that I usually avoid
telling people about my family, since, well- we’re quite well off, and…” she shrugs weakly,
looking back at the ground.
Sumire’s eyes widen as she catches on, “Oh!” she wrings her hands together, “I would never
want to take advantage of you, Haru-senpai- I just made the connection with your family
name and the company and was curious.” The last bit is a small white lie that she hopes Haru
won’t pick up on for the sake of the genuine sentiment she’s trying to express.
Haru’s smile pricks back onto her face at that, “I wasn’t trying to accuse you of anything,
Sumi-chan, I’m sorry if I came off that way. I guess I’m just overly cautious.” She returns to
pulling weeds, and Sumire lets the silence sit in the moment.
“You’re right, actually,” Haru continues, seemingly comforted by Sumire’s reassurance, “I
originally started gardening as a way to try and connect with my father, since he used to be so
in love with the idea of making food for other people, just for the sake of making them
happy.” She sighs, throwing her captured weeds onto the ground, “But he didn’t seem to care
that much. He just asked me if I would rather hire someone to maintain a garden instead.”
Her face splits into a deep frown, “I often wonder how it is that I might be able to remind my
father of what he used to be like, someone so loving and gentle, but it seems that nothing I do
works out.” She looks up, a porcelain smile fixed on her face, “But I got a hobby out of it, at
least, so it’s not all bad. And I’m not giving up on him just yet.”
Sumire nods, letting a tentative smile split her face, “I hope that you figure it out, Harusenpai.” She doesn’t think any of her advice would be particularly helpful, and remembering
how the heiress would resort to a change of heart makes her think that perhaps nothing Haru
tries will ever work.
But, seeing how confidant Haru is, she can’t help but think maybe? Maybe she can do it, and
just remind her father of who he used to be. It’s wishful thinking she can’t help but indulge.
Maybe, Haru’s success is the key to saving Okumura this time around.
“What was your father like in the past?” Sumire ventures.
Haru brightens at the happy memories, “Oh, he was always so caring. He made sure to never
miss one of my ballet recitals, even when the business started taking off. And we always used
to spend time together whenever we could.” She sighs again, “Eventually, he became more

distant, though. I quit ballet a little while after he stopped showing up to watch me, and now
he barely spares me a glance when we see each other.”
Sumire perks up, distracted by on part of Haru’s story, “You did ballet?”
“Oh, yes, I did! I enjoyed it a lot, and I’m honestly a little sad that I quit.” Haru says
wistfully.
“It’s never too late to get back into it, if you just want to do it casually!” Sumire’s face breaks
into an unrestrained grin, “There are a lot of similarities between rhythmic gymnastics and
certain styles of dance, so we could even practice together, if you got back into it.”
Haru giggles, “That sounds lovely Sumi-chan! I’ll definitely think about it. I might be a bit
busy, since I’m a third year and all, but I like the sound of it.”
Sumire beams, trying not to get too ahead of herself, “Definitely!” she softens a bit, “And I
hope that you and your father can reconcile. I’m sure that he’s still the man he was,
somewhere.” She hopes that it isn’t a lie.
Haru sighs, ever weary, “I hope so, too.”
***
On Friday, Sumire thinks about families.
Makoto and Haru both expressed disillusionment from their most important family members,
desperately reaching for a connection that would not, or could not, be returned.
Makoto spoke of her sister’s desire for her success. Sumire thinks she understands why- she
knows that Sae is legally Makoto’s guardian after the sisters were orphaned, and she thinks
that would probably put stress on anyone. And knowing how Sae sees her workplace as a
twisted centre for gambling and black and white morality, she thinks it’s hardly any wonder
that she struggles to be there for Makoto, as what was a sisterly connection was turned into
that of essentially a single mother and child overnight.
But when Sumire joined the phantom thieves in January, Makoto spoke so highly of her
sister, as though all of their troubles had been resolved. Had Sae’s change of heart really been
so effective? Was that really all that was necessary to rid the prosecutor of the pressure and
corruption of her work?
Sumire remembers the reason why she initially disagreed with the phantom thieves. In her
eyes, changing problems reactionarily wasn’t much help in the bigger picture, even if she
could definitely see that each change of heart was helpful and likely necessary in context.
But then, there’s the similarities between the Phantom Thieves’ change of hearts and
Maruki’s actualisation.
Sumire knows that they’re different, deep down. But the idea of changing someone’s heart
for reasons other than the absolutely necessary doesn’t quite sit right with her, not after
experiencing a change of cognition firsthand. Was Makoto and Sae’s relationship only saved

because the thieves had forcibly altered Sae’s mind to their benefit? Or maybe that wasn’t
true, and Makoto really just got through to Sae, and the change of heart was just for how she
acted as a prosecutor. Even so, Sumire isn’t sure how to feel.
Haru’s situation with her father is different. Both in how it starts and how it’s destined to end.
Haru’s distance with her father is more of a yawning gap, that splits further and further the
more she tries to hold on to the sentiment of family.
From what little Sumire can gather, Haru’s father is not distant due to just the pressure of his
work. Or, at least, Haru didn’t see it as such. It seems more like Haru simply has a fading
relevance in her father’s mind, that she is unable to reinstate as the man succumbs further in
his obsession with his business.
Sumire never saw Okumura’s palace, but she does remember the rumours of horrible
business practices and insatiable greed that surrounded the CEO around the time the thieves
were targeting him.
She still doesn’t have any idea why he was murdered.
Sumire thinks about the fractured families of the two girls, and she thinks about the distance
between her and Kasumi.
Would the sisters have grown apart as Sumire wallowed further in self-pity and depression?
Would Kasumi have snapped her out of it? Would they have argued, unable to understand the
other as resentment festered?
Would Sumire have eventually grown a palace as she continued to force Kasumi away?
Sumire will never know, now.
After school, she pushes all those thoughts out of her mind and makes her way to the Shibuya
subway station. She hides around a corner in the station square, and whispers “Mementos”
into her newly acquired Nav app.
The world shifts, and Sumire jogs down the station steps, preparing to search the depths for
answers.
Her thief outfit materialises over her school uniform, and she feels Ella stir in her heart.
Quickly looking both ways, Sumire jumps onto the tracks, brandishing her rapier in a
flourish.
The first floor of Mementos is sprawling and nonsensical, and she already feels as though
she’s lost despite barely having taken ten steps in. She spots a shadow around the corner, and
squats in wait for it to move a little closer. As the shadow ambles within jumping distance,
Sumire jumps, and stabs down into the creature’s mask, flipping off it’s back at it screams
and bursts into black ooze, forming a squad of pixies surrounding a horse-riding shadow.
“Hear the word of the Lord!” The mounted shadow calls one of the many rotating phrases
that its kind tend to spout, brandishing its sword in preparation to attack.

But Sumire is faster, and she gets to act first.
“Ella!” she shouts, ripping off her mask, “Makougon!”
Light sears across the battlefield, the pixies screeching as they get fried by the blinding light.
The larger shadow shouts in pain as it tries to resist against the attack, but ultimately falls,
ending the battle before it had the chance to begin.
The creatures on this level of the collective unconscious may be a bit below you, Violet.
It certainly seems that way.
Sumire huffs gratefully at the lack of a challenge. She had been a bit concerned about coming
to Mementos without any teammates, but it’s nice to see that here worries are so far
unfounded.
She is a little concerned about going completely overkill on the weaker shadows, though,
since the only way she can technically hold back and save energy would be to forgo using her
persona all together, and Sumire doesn’t want to take unnecessary risks.
In considering that, Sumire opts to sneak around the bends and turns of Mementos, choosing
to avoid any battles for the time being. The shadows here would hardly even give her
experience if she fought them, anyway, so it’s not much of a loss.
When she hears the distant rattling of chains, however, she starts running past any potential
enemies, remembering the time when Joker decided it would be a good idea to fight the
reaper as a motivator for her sudden speed.
Hopping down the escalators to the next floor, Sumire is greeted with a sealed wall with
various nonsensical engravings carved in. Train tracks run on either side of the platform, with
these ones actually performing their intended purpose- the trains screeching past at random
intervals.
Sumire makes her way to the engraved wall, expecting it to open as it did for the thieves in
the past.
The door remains pointedly shut, and Sumire pouts.
“Please?” she tries, and she swears the wall is giving her side-eye.
Perhaps there is a requirement that we do not meet.
“Probably…” Sumire breathes. Oh well. Nothing to it but to make her way back.
She didn’t even run into José either. He probably could have told her something.
Sighing at the waste of time, Sumire heads back to the real world.
***

Sumire shuffles awkwardly in the back seat of the Monabus. She’s squashed between Crow
and Oracle, who were also banished to the back seat after stealing shotgun one too many
times, and- well, it’s not like she’s averse to touching them, or anything, but Oracle is known
for thwacking people accidentally with her wild arm gestures, and the belts on Crow’s legs
are very pointy.
The seats in front of them are alight with chatter, Skull regaling the rest of the thieves with a
tale of the one time he ate three large-size ramen bowls in a row, Panther scoffing and Fox
weeping. Sumire can hear Queen sigh loudly in shotgun.
Sumire figures it’s probably a bad idea to interrupt Oracle in her intensely focused typing on
her laptop, so she turns to Crow.
“Do you have any crazy stories like that, Crow-senpai?” Sumire asks with a grin. She’s a lot
less scared of him now that she’s used to his demeanour.
Said demeanour comes in full force as Crow sighs like Sumire talking to him is the most
inconvenient thing in the world, “I’m afraid I don’t have any particular ‘crazy stories’ to tell
you, no.” He rolls his eyes.
Sumire pouts, and Oracle cuts in, adopting a mocking impression of Crow to her voice, “Grr!
I’m Crow and I can’t hold a conversation for two seconds because I’m an emotionally
repressed edgelord!”
Sumire tries not to laugh as Oracle breaks off with a cackle, and Crow lets out yet another
weary sigh, “Oracle, if you take issue with my personality, I welcome you to take a more
direct approach in addressing it.”
“Yeah, I’m not buying that telling Violet to can it is your personality,” Oracle continues
clacking away on her keyboard, “You’re bitchy, sure, but you actually like Sumi, so you’re
just in a pissy mood.”
While Sumire processes the information that Crow apparently noticeably likes her more than
the other thieves, he scoffs, “And what might you be basing that off of?”
Oracle looks up with a flat look, “Uh, dude, I have Leblanc bugged, I know you talk Joker’s
ear off, you aren’t really that quiet.”
While Crow intensifies his glare, Sumire giggles, “That’s true, Crow, I can remember some
choice navigation that you gave when it was just you, me, and Joker-senpai in Doctor
Maruki’s palace.”
Crow turns his glare onto Sumire, while Oracle nearly drops her laptop, “Waitwaitwait wait,
wait, you can NAVIGATE?!”
Half the thieves turn around at Oracles outburst, and Crow sighs, flipping up his visor to
pinch the bridge of his nose, “Yes, Oracle. I can. You really don’t have to shout.”

The other thieves seem to lose interest and turn back around, while Oracle looks at Crow like
he holds the secrets to the universe.
Sumire leans into him conspiratorially, stage whispering, “I think you broke her.”
He plays along, hissing his own stage whisper, “You’re the one who told her, traitor.”
Sumire snickers, and Crow gives her a sharp smirk, before turning to Oracle with an
expectant huff.
Oracle jumps on the invitation to ask questions, “So?! Are your Navi abilities more like mine
or Mona’s? Do you have a weird sixth sense like Joker? Or is it some weird, heightened
combat thing? Or is it a new thing altogether? Tellmetellmetellme tell me!”
He winces at the barrage of questions, opening his mouth to answer before straightening up
suddenly. “Joker.” He barks toward the front of the bus.
Simultaneously, Mona’s voice comes over the radio set, “Uh, Joker? I think that-”
Joker turns to look at Crow, then scans his surroundings, shock painting his face before a
smirk replaces it. “Crow, Violet, and… Queen. Get ready.”
Crow lets out a low cackle as Queen looks worried. “Joker? What-” She starts,
“Are you gonna fight the REAPER?!” Oracle shouts, and Sumire can barely think ‘oh no’
before the bus splits and the four frontline fighters are backed up against each other against
the strongest shadow Sumire’s ever seen.
(They did win, but not after some choice words from Queen, some panicked screeching from
the reserve fighters, and a whole lot of Oracle swearing over comms)
***
Ren pushes open the door to the final room in the palace, and is greeted with a sight of a
treasure trove of glittering gold and gems, all piled in heaps across the floor like a particularly
disorganised treasury.
“Is this it? Is this the last room we need?” Ryuji asks excitedly, placing a hand on Ren’s
shoulder.
Ren sure hopes it’s the last room. His legs are killing him, and he thinks a pixie could
probably push him over at this point. He knows his teammates aren’t faring much better.
“This is it!” Morgana calls, pointing at a shimmering mass hovering in the centre of the
room, “That’s the treasure!”
“The floating thing?” Ann cocks her head, trying to poke at it but phasing through.
“Sure is!” Morgana grins, “It’s just not materialised, yet. We need to send the calling card
first.”

“Oh, right, yeah you told us about that,” Ryuji says, scratching his head. “Should we get to it
then? Time’s a wastin’, right?”
Ren shakes his head, “Soon, but tomorrow’s Sunday. We need to wait till school’s open
again.” Though, he thinks, the school being closed for the day might be a very convenient
way to put up the calling card without being seen.
Morgana nods and gives a thumbs up, “You’ve got it, Joker!”
Ren nods, grinning at the codename, and signals for the team to move out.
“But wow,” Ann says as they start walking, “I’m glad the last part of the palace was smooth
sailing on our end. I don’t think we could’ve taken any more setbacks without a strong breeze
knocking us over.”
Skull barks a laugh, “You got that right!” He sighs, “Man, s’real lucky you didn’t pass out on
us again, Joker.” Ren winces a bit at the reminder, but nods anyway.
“Looks like you finally started getting some rest then?” Ann smiles teasingly.
“Yep,” he says, popping the ‘p’, “I’m all good now. I was just tired that day.”
Ryuji scoffs, “Musta been real’ tired…” as Morgana gives Ren a disapproving look for his
lie. Ren notes to buy yet another batch of quality sushi as thanks for the cat’s silence.
“Well, the important thing is that it won’t happen again, now.” Ann says brightly.
Ren nods, and activates the Nav.
When Ren arrives back at Leblanc, Morgana in tow, the cat immediately turns to glare at him.
“I can tell you’re lying; you know!” He yowls as soon as he hops out of the bag.
Ren keeps his face very still, “I don’t know what you’re talking about,”
“Don’t play dumb!” Morgana whines, hopping up on the bed, pacing in a circle, “You asked
me about weird visions before you almost collapsed that one time, and that definitely wasn’t
just you being tired!” He puffs out his chest, “I have personally been making sure that our
leader gets to bed at a reasonable time.”
Ren lets out a chuckle at that, scratching Mona behind the ears, “Yeah, yeah.” He sighs, and
presses his lips together, “I don’t want Ann and Ryuji to worry, so I didn’t tell them about it.
But yeah, I did get a weird vision when I passed out.”
Morgana flicks his tail nervously. “Was it Arsène trying to tell you something? What did you
see?”
Ren shakes his head, and sits down with a huff. “I don’t know. If he does have something to
say, he’s not being very direct.”

You hear that, birdman?
I have nothing to say to you that you do not already know.
Ren rolls his eyes at the obvious verbal loophole, and turns back to Morgana.
“It’s also, well,” he continues, rubbing behind his neck, “I’m calling them ‘visions’, but it’s
more of a jumble of thoughts and feelings that don’t make a lot of sense or have any context.”
Morgana hums, curling into a loaf, “D’you think they’re hurting you, or…?”
Ren quickly shakes his head, “I’m sure it was just part of the migraine, or something. See?
I’m fine,” he tacks on at the cat’s disbelieving look.
“You keep saying that…” he grumbles, “If it happens again, we’re talking about this!”
“We’re already talking about it,” Ren says, just to be a shit, and Morgana scratches at him,
“And I’m pretty sure it won’t happen again. It’s already been about a week since it happened,
so It was probably just a one-off. And don’t tell Ann and Ryuji.”
Morgana flicks his tail, “Why not?”
“Because I’m fine. They’ll just panic if they hear about it, even though it’s nothing.” Ren
explains.
Morgana glares at him, but doesn’t say anything.
It’s fine. He’s fine. He doesn’t need help, or anyone worrying about him.
Ren genuinely believes that it won’t happen again. They’ve only happened during moments
of intense pain or stress, so they’ll probably just stop. He doesn’t have migraines very often.
Of course, because the universe likes to make both a fool and a liar out of him, Ren dreams.
He’s walking up to the other boy, his feet carrying him practically against his own will. Ren
didn’t intend to come to Kichijoji, necessarily, but he’s here anyway, so he may as well make
the most of it.
The boy he’s approaching is leaning against his usual spot, scrolling on his phone. When he
makes eye contact with Ren, his face almost twitches into a scowl before a pleasant smile
slams over it.
“Hey,” Ren says, unsure what to say.
“Ah, Amamiya.” The boy responds, pleasant smile still fixed, “Do you happen to have
business here?”
“Uh, yeah,” Ren fiddles with his fringe with one hand and the glove in his pocket with the
other, suddenly aware that this might have been a bad idea, “I wanted to hang out with you.”

The boy’s eyes narrow, his smile taking on a sardonic edge, “I thought I made it abundantly
clear that I don’t appreciate your company.” He keeps his voice smooth and light as he says
it.
“Yeah,” Ren knows this is definitely a bad idea, but something in him just can’t let it go, “I
think you were lying.”
And, oh now he’s scowling. Ren weathers the full force of the boy’s glare, “Do you, now?”
Ren nods, and the boy scoffs, “Well, I’m sure that you’re bored, if you have the time to lie to
yourself about how I feel, but some of us” he pointedly kicks off the wall, “Have better things
to be doing.”
Ren can’t stop a small smile from creeping onto his face, “Like scrolling through your
phone?”
The boy looks very unimpressed as Ren’s smile grows a bit wider.
“Hey,” he says quickly as the boy looks like he’s about to leave, “I didn’t mean that I thought
you were lying about what you said the other day, I believe you meant what you said,” the
other raises an eyebrow, “I just think that you didn’t mean you don’t like spending time with
me.”
The boy raises his other eyebrow, “Is that so?”
“Yep.” Ren feels a wide grin split his face, “I’m a delight.”
The boy covers his mouth, clearly trying to stifle a snort, “Agree to disagree.”
Ren smiles even wider, leaning in, “So… wanna come to the Jazz club with me? I’ll pay?” He
adds as a further incentive.
The other’s face twitches in what must be a violent internal debate. He eventually huffs,
picking up his briefcase and walking in the direction of Jazz Jin, “If you’re paying, then I
suppose it would be foolish to refuse.”
Ren blinks, and quickly pumps his fist in success, jogging to fall into step alongside him.
When Ren wakes up the next morning, he doesn’t remember the dream.
***
When Akechi finally falls asleep that night, he spins the wheel of nightmares and lands on
something new.
That could mean anything, of course -there’s no way to tell if it will be better or worse than
any of his other recurring dreams- but it does mean that it’s unexpected, and that is both very
interesting and horrifically terrifying.

He can’t quite tell he’s dreaming, at first, and he probably won’t notice until he wakes up
later in a cold sweat.
So, Akechi reads the script and plays his role.
He’s walking down a long corridor, his footsteps echoing against the oppressive silence. He
passes by a faceless guard, at some point, not even stopping to look at the man before Akechi
pulls out a gun and shoots him in the back.
He turns, ignoring the blood as it pools around his feet, and looks at the boy sitting at the
table. His most striking feature is the bullet hole adorning his forehead behind his curly hair,
followed by the bruises that litter his face in alarming numeracy.
“Hey,” the boy says, like his brains aren’t scattered somewhere across the opposing wall.
“Hey,” Akechi returns, like he didn’t just kill a man and is about to kill this boy too.
The boy doesn’t say anything else, just stares at Akechi like he expected this, and is waiting
for him to get on with it.
Akechi obliges, lifting the gun in line with the bullet hole already present. He clicks off the
safety, and, he must have taken his gloves off at some point, because his hands are dripping
with blood.
“Case closed,” he murmurs, because that sounds like something he should probably say, and
the boy smiles, and Akechi pulls the trigger“The watertight bulkhead door has closed, please evacuate immediately-”
Akechi slams his full weight against the newly erected wall, staring himself in the face as
someone screams.
His doppelgänger spits up blood and re-aims his gun, “Do you really think death will be
enough for someone like you? Do you think saving them will make them love you? You’ve
failed, so you move the goalposts, is that it?”
“No,” Akechi whispers, because he doesn’t know, just that he’s done with this, and he might
as well do one fucking good thing in his miserable excuse for a life, and its not like the law
would have let him live anyway, should he choose to face it“Akechi!” the screaming voice on the other side of the door cries, “Don’t you dare- don’t you
dare listen to that thing! You promised! We can still get out of this together-!”
Akechi’s doppelgänger dissolves into cackles at that, and Akechi himself rasps a laugh as he
aims his gun.
“Do you really answer to him?” The doppelgänger croons, “Would you trade one master for
another, just because he said some pretty words and made you feel special?” he spits the last
word like a curse.

“No,” Akechi whispers again, “I won’t let anyone control me ever again.” He fires at the
same time as his double, the voice on the other side of the wall giving one final scream before
everything goes dark.
And as it all fades, he can hear the tinkling of a bell as a door slams closed for the final time.
When Akechi wakes up, shaking and nauseous, he can’t remember what he dreamed about.
***
“And that’s all the time we have for today! Please give a big round of applause for our guest,
Goro Akechi!”
The audience cheers, and Akechi smiles brightly and waves as he exits the set. He dodges
any attempts to corner him, and makes his way back to the dressing room to clean up his stuff
so he can finally get started on some of the requests he still has yet to complete.
They’re not too bad, just some interrogations of shadows. But the Metaverse is the
Metaverse, and even that can turn sour quickly if he’s not careful.
Akechi looks himself up and down in the mirror, making sure that everything is in place. He
readjusts his tie for the sake of it, and supresses a flinch when the door flies open, Shinichi
Yoshizawa stepping through.
Akechi wishes the man had the decency to fucking knock.
“Ah, Akechi-san,” Yoshizawa says brightly, “That was an excellent interview today, thank
you so much for coming back.”
“Of course, it was my pleasure,” Akechi lies. He didn’t want to do this, but life rarely gives
him what he wants at the best of times.
He’s aware he’s being dramatic, but he also can’t bring himself to care. He’s having a bad
month.
“Naturally,” Yoshizawa continues, like he knows anything, “I hope we can schedule another
interview when the time is right.”
“Yes, of course.” Akechi says, knowing full well that neither he, nor Yoshizawa, have any say
in the matter. While the man before him isn’t actually aware of the conspiracy that has spread
its rot so thoroughly into the entertainment industry, he is still beholden to its whims.
“Excellent!” Yoshizawa jots a note down on a pad of paper. “Oh, I also had a more personal
request to ask you about,”
Absolutely not, Akechi thinks, “What might that be?” He says instead.
“Oh it’s just my daughter, Sumire” Yoshizawa smiles, “She mentioned something about
wanting to meet you again? I’m not sure what you two talked about last time you met, but
she seems to be under the impression that you hit it off!” He laughs good-naturedly.

Akechi wracks his brain for the last time he met the younger Yoshizawa twin. Or, more
accurately, the only time he’s met the younger Yoshizawa twin. He remembers meeting both
Kasumi and Sumire some months ago, exchanging some basic pleasantries before moving on.
From his short interaction with the two, he figures Kasumi as loud, overbearing, and all
around ‘jock’, while Sumire was quieter and the more awkward of the two. Akechi is
surprised, to say the least, that it is the girl that could barely look him in the eye that is
attempting to reach out. Though, it’s not as though Kasumi can talk to him from six feet
under.
That still begs the question as to why the fuck Sumire Yoshizawa wants to speak with him.
“May I ask what it seemed Sumire-san wanted in particular?” Akechi schools his voice to be
more curious than accusatory.
“Oh, it didn’t seem like anything major,” Yoshizawa waves his hand, like that answers
anything at all, “She just told me she thought that you two could be friends if you spoke
more.”
So, likely a case of a fangirl with the connections to act on her obsessions. Sumire never
seemed the type, though. Maybe she saw something in his mask that she could relate to, and
is genuinely trying to connect?
Too bad what she’s looking for doesn’t exist, in that case.
“Well, I’ll be sure to talk with her if I ever run into her again.” Akechi keeps his promises
vague, “I’d enjoy speaking with her again, as well, I believe.” It’s mostly a lie, but at the very
least the younger girl was less annoying than her sister.
“Great! I’ll keep in contact with you, Akechi-san. Expect an email, at some point.”
Yoshizawa bows, and leaves the room, clearly satisfied with Akechi’s bullshitting.
He sighs, and checks himself in the mirror again.
Well, the likelihood of him ever running into Sumire again is slim to none, so he doesn’t have
to care.
***
Sumire nearly drops her bag when she sees a flash of black and red in the corner of her eye.
She whips her head around, seeing dozens of calling cards posted up on the notice board,
arranged to spell ‘Kamoshida’, like a neon sign for the man’s sins.
Suguru Kamoshida, the utter bastard of lust…
Yep, that’s the phantom thieves, all right.
Sumire looks around for the thieves, and nearly gets bowled over by Kamoshida when he
angrily storms up to the calling cards and starts yelling at any and all students in his path,
demanding answers. He eventually storms up to the people Sumire had been trying to spot,

staring down Ren and Ryuji as they feign ignorance, while Ann shuffles awkwardly to the
side.
He eventually backs off, and the thieves move off to their classes as the bell rings. In that
case, does that mean that they’re going to the palace after school?
Hm.
She knows that they’ll likely be fine, as they were the last time around, but something in her
is more curious than anything. She’s never actually seen a change of heart with a palace ruler,
so this could be a good learning experience.
Hmm.
She shouldn’t risk it but…
Just follow them, Violet.
Yeah. Yeah. She will.
Sumire spends the rest of the school day nervously tapping her fingers against her desk,
staring at the clock, waiting for it to tick down to the end of the day. She hears whispers in
the hallways about the calling card’s accusations- mostly of disbelief, but the occasional
murmur of hope reaches her ears when she passes through the practice building.
At the end of the day, Sumire pulls out her phone and taps on the saved location for
Kamoshida’s palace, letting the world shift around her.
She catches a glimpse of the thieves disappearing in a flash as they probably use the Nav to
warp to their furthest safe room, and Sumire realises that she might have a problem. The
problem being that she hasn’t ever explored beyond the entrance before, and she’s going to
have to take the long way around if she wants to see them take the treasure.
Nothing to be done, Sumire marches through castle gates.
She’s immediately hit with the full force of a palace on high alert. The thieves never let the
security get this high when they were traversing Maruki’s palace, so this is likely the calling
card at work. Sumire looks around and jumps up onto the walls and scaffolding around the
building, looking for a faster way through.
“Excuse me!” She shouts at an armoured shadow as she kicks off its mask, “Did you see
where the people with masks went?”
“Interloper! Your punishment shall be death!” The shadow spits as it bursts into its true
form.
Sumire huffs, and she summons Ella to deal with the unhelpful enemies, turning to look and
see if there are any obvious points of importance that may house the treasure- as well as
Kamoshida’s shadow.

Her eyes catch on the tower in the centre of the distorted castle, seeing bursts of fire and
flashes of lightning erupt from the top window.
Sumire crouches, and leaps, making her way to a roof section of the palace, beginning to
scale the side of the tower using the overhangs as points to jump up. When she sees that she
can’t go any higher, she dives through a window, and pushes past any shadows that threaten
to slow her down.
She manages to finally reach the tower’s peak, and sneaks into the throne room through a
balcony, spying on the action from above.
The thieves are all in rough shape, with Mona not visible on the frontlines, and Joker, Skull,
and Panther all bearing the brunt of Kamoshida’s attacks.
Kamoshida himself has distorted into a towering, many-armed beast, a broken cup at his feet.
In his many appendages, he holds a wine glass, a knife and fork, and a whip, which the
thieves each dodge with increasing labour as they slowly run out energy.
Sumire bites her lip. She won’t get involved unless she absolutely has to. She has no frame of
reference for how this fight went the first time around, so, for all she knows, their struggle is
just how the fight went.
Or it might not be. What if theySumire gasps as Mona reappears, shooting out from a pillar to knock the crown off of
Kamoshida’s head. The crown shrinks in size, and Skull dives to pick it up as the shadow
shrieks profanities.
Now the tide has turned, and the thieves start carving into Kamoshida relentlessly.
Though, Sumire notes, not particularly effectively. They’re definitely hurting him, but their
strikes are awkward and slow, their magic small and unsure, and Joker seems to be throwing
out battle orders more erratically than confidently.
Is this how the thieves started out? It makes sense- no one would adjust to fighting with
magic and weapons that quickly. But still, it’s odd seeing the team’s future powerhouses fight
like novices.
Sumire flinches as she zones back into the fight, Ann having just thrown a fire spell at the
now regular-sized Kamoshida, narrowly missing. She’s shaking, and she yells something at
the shadow that Sumire can’t quite make out.
Sumire’s eyes widen as the shadow evaporates into light, having been unable to hear the
conversation in time.
Before she can even begin to register what just happened, Sumire nearly lets out a yelp as the
palace shakes, and the thieves start shouting in a panic. A piece of the ceiling falls, nearly
crushing her as she jumps back, looking out the window to the tower.

The entire palace, centred on where the treasure was, is beginning to collapse. Sumire
squeaks and looks down below to see if there are any footholds that she can make use ofbreathing a heavy sigh of relief as she spots one, thanking the power of cognition that her
heels aren’t posing a problem.
Leaping once again from rooftop to rooftop, Sumire nearly stumbles as she jumps towards
the exit point of the palace, not even getting to reach for her phone before the Metaverse spits
her back into the real world, breathing heavily and slumped against an alley wall.
Why did no one tell her that palaces collapse when you take the treasure?

Chapter End Notes

Hey!
Whenever I go to upload these earlier chapters, I have to reread a whole lot to remember
what exactly happens in each one. I wrote these chapters almost a month ago at this
point, and I've got like... 12 buffer chapters that separate my memory of what I wrote lol.
I definitely like having the space between writing and uploading these chapters, thoughit gives me the opportunity to fix up any mistakes or remove and add things as
necessary.
___
Sumire: Oh great collective unconcious, could you pretty please open the door?
Yaldabaoth: What? No. What? Who the fuck are you?
Sumire: Okay cool I'll come back later

Chapter 7
Chapter Summary

Akechi investigates, Sumire interrogates, and the first change of heart kicks in.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When Sumire gets home and collapses onto her bed -something that appears to be becoming
a habit of hers- she’s still a bit miffed that no one thought to mention how palaces collapse
when you deal with them.
Would Maruki’s palace have collapsed when they stole the treasure? Or was he unique in
even more ways than the thieves implied?
It doesn’t particularly matter either way, since Maruki is no longer the most current issue.
Part of Sumire has wondered if she could perhaps speed up the timeline, and call on the
thieves before Maruki had the chance to attain godhood in order to steal his treasure. She had
partially thrown out this plan when she decided to not join the thieves right now, and has now
fully thrown it out after witnessing the thieves’ current strength.
Kamoshida’s shadow had looked fearsome, sure, but Sumire’s pretty sure that she fought
stronger normal enemies in Maruki’s palace in January- and if the thieves are really
struggling now, then it would definitely be some time before they could challenge Maruki.
This whole mess leads to her core problem with the thieves. Sumire doesn’t want to join
them. Not yet. She assumed she would join them as soon as possible, originally, but she
changed her mind in a split-second decision after everything that happened when she ran into
Maruki again.
Because she still doesn’t forgive Ren. And she doesn’t know if she can, while he isn’t even
the person he was when he wronged her- not yet, at least.
Anger is admittedly new for her. She would usually turn any form of animosity against others
back on herself, believing that she must be the problem, of course, because the people around
her would surely only have the best of intentions.
This rule comes with four notable exceptions. The first being her original awakening to
Cendrillion; she was finally feeling the weight of attention from the pressure of her dream,
and she was sick, and tired, of people telling her what they thought was best for her.

The second exception was during her reawakening after she remembered she was Sumire.
This anger was directed at herself, technically, but she also felt a deep frustration towards
everything that had happened. It wasn’t fair, that her sister had died so young, and she was
angry at the world for the way the wheel turned.
The third exception, (and the final of the original timeline) was directed at Ren, and finally,
finally, after having previously been so forgiving, Sumire got angry at Doctor Maruki. Who
was he to tell her that Sumire Yoshizawa doesn’t deserve to exist? If one twin had to die, why
did he believe the world would be better off with Kasumi being the one still alive? And
towards Ren, she felt the sting of betrayal, and angry at the fact that it wasn’t even about her.
All that effort and grief and for what?
The fourth exception is more of a permanent change. Because she’s still angry. For the first
time in her life, Sumire feels like she can’t just let this go. She can’t step aside and assume
better intentions until she gets some proof.
So, she wants to wait. And… figure things out first. It wouldn’t be helpful to rush into things
just yet- she can spend some time gathering information, and then she can act.
And who knows? Maybe, maybe someday, Ren will remember what he did, and Sumire can
face him, and ask why.
Or maybe he won’t.
But Sumire has plenty of time; while waiting for Kamoshida’s heart to change, at least. She’ll
never have enough information, she thinks, but she won’t gain any more by thinking until her
brain hurts.
So she turns off the light and goes to sleep.
***
“Akechi-kun,” Sae taps on his desk, and he looks up from his paperwork.
“Yes, Sae-san?” Akechi smiles and accepts the welcome distraction from his busywork.
“I was told to pass this along to you,” She says, dropping a folder on his desk, and he quirks
an eyebrow, “Something came up at Shujin academy- have you heard of it? There was a
strange, calling-card-type thing that was posted. It seemed like a threat of some kind, but it
could just be a prank by one of the students.”
“And they’re passing it off to me to decide it’s validity in the event that it’s a waste of time,”
Akechi sighs dramatically to hide just how sharply his insides curl. It’ll also be his ass if it
turns out to be something big, goes unsaid, but he can tell Sae understands the subtext.
She gives a commiserating nod, “It’s up to you if want to pursue it. I know that you’ve been
under pressure, lately,” Sae says, and what the hell is she talking about? Has he really been
so obvious of how he’s been stretched thin?

“I assure you, Sae-san, I’m perfectly alright. I’ll look over these files and make the call later.”
He drags the folder closer to him and hopes that the prosecutor will take the hint.
Sae’s lips roll back and forth as she seems to debate pushing it, and Akechi breathes an
internal sigh of relief (accompanied by an exaggerated mental eyeroll) when she eventually
nods and takes her leave.
Akechi leans back in his chair and begins flicking through the papers held within the manilla
folder. It contains an incident report, filled out by one of the teachers at Shujin, and several
photographs of the threat in question. Calling cards, stapled onto a bulletin board in a show of
dramatics, spelling out the name of their target.
Suguru Kamoshida, the utter bastard of lust…
Flashy. He kind of likes it.
Could be better, though. It was definitely written by one of the students, that much is
obvious- though that certainly doesn’t discredit the accusations.
Akechi stares at the black and red calling cards for a beat too long.
Steal your distorted desires?
What oddly specific phrasing. He doesn’t think he likes the implications.
Hm.
Akechi tries not to twitch as his personas’ ever-present hum dissolves into hollow static as
they retreat into the depths of his psyche. They keep doing that whenever he really can’t
afford it. He bites at his hands through his gloves in place of his personas quiet chittering and
laughter, trying to focus.
He really would take a migraine over the silence any day.
Maybe he should investigate, if his subconscious is reacting like this. It might hold answers
as to why he’s been feeling so out of it. A long shot, he’s well aware, but, ha, he thinks as he
bites down on the edges of his fingers a little harder, even he has to admit this is getting a
little ridiculous.
Akechi drafts a note to confirm he’ll be setting aside some time to conduct an informal
investigation at Shujin academy.
At the very least, it promises to be entertaining.
***
When Akechi finally gets his hands on one of the calling cards from the principal, he’s
planned out three separate violent fantasies to possibly enact upon the man as a way to cope.
He knows that the principal of Shujin academy has a toe dipped in that man’s conspiracy, but

this principal is nowhere near high enough up the chain to know that Akechi plays a role, let
alone know exactly what it is that Akechi does.
This all compounding to the point that the principal does not have the sense to be less
obstructive.
Akechi spent at least ten minutes talking in circles before he could finally convince the fucker
to give him something to work with, as well as the go-ahead to use the guidance office to
look over evidence and organise some notes. The man was sweating so much by the end of
the conversation that Akechi was ready to declare the accusations as true just based on how
obviously the principal was trying to cover his own ass.
Akechi sits in the guidance office, flipping one of the calling cards over in one hand, jotting
down some notes in the other. Seeing the card in person doesn’t give him much more
information than the photos did- other than perhaps the cut-up newspaper letters were just a
font rather than actually handmade. It seems as though whoever threw these together was
really aiming for the cards to register as distinctly a threat, targeted at the accused rather than
for the benefit of the student body- though Akechi thinks that the calling card being public is
telling as well. This was a statement, more than anything.
Akechi bites at his lip. The wording of the card is strange. The nature of the accusations are
heavily implied, yes, but nothing is explicitly stated. Then there’s the nature of the threat, as
well- to ‘steal distorted desires’, and make the accused ‘confess his crimes with his own
mouth’- well, it seems as though the card is showy on purpose, almost as if it’s only use is to
gain the attention ofAkechi stills, mind skimming over memories long buried.
“…It appears that changes in cognition leads to alterations within the manifestations,
and…”
His personas go quiet again. He clenches his hand into a fist.
Could this have something to do with-?
The door slides open, and someone yelps.
“A-Akechi-san?” A girl’s voice stutters.
Akechi turns, and almost does a double take at Sumire Yoshizawa’s shocked face. He quickly
smooths over his features while she’s still reeling.
“Ah, Yoshizawa-san, right? What a pleasant surprise.” He goes for friendly, amicable. She’ll
fill in the blanks where she wants to see them.
Yoshizawa seems to remember herself, clicking her jaw back together and hurriedly closing
the door behind her. “Um!” She takes a seat across from him, “I’m sorry, I didn’t expect to
see you at Shujin, so I was a bit surprised.”

Akechi tilts his head and chuckles lightly, “My apologies. Your father did mention that you
had been asking after me, and it didn’t occur to me that I might see you here when I started
investigating at this school.”
Yoshizawa flushes at that, “My dad-? Oh, I’m so sorry, Akechi-san! That probably made you
really uncomfortable. I had asked him if I could tag along to one of your interviews so that I
might get a chance to talk to you, but I didn’t mean for him to act as a proxy, or something.”
She wrings her hands together and looks to the side. Huh.
He’s only met her once, but she seems different. As much as she’s still a nervous wreck, she’s
acting more outspoken.
“It’s not a problem at all,” Akechi lies- her dad did kind of piss him off, “Though, I’m not
sure what you would want to speak with me about.” He laughs self-deprecatingly. Shift the
conversation, ease out the point.
Yoshizawa shakes her head quickly, apologetic for something she never even implied. Akechi
stifles a smirk. It seems the young gymnast is even more prone to the pitfalls of conversation
than most. Maybe she isn’t acting that different. “It’s nothing, really, I just enjoyed speaking
to you when we met, and wanted to do it again.” She tugs on her ponytail nervously, “Um, if
that’s okay…?”
Akechi shakes his head, “That’s perfectly fine, Yoshizawa-san. If you wish to speak with me
now, I was just wrapping up my business here, so I have time.”
Akechi is admittedly curious, now. He had been fishing for the girl’s intentions thus far, and
he doubts she has the wit to hide any more direct ulterior motives by this point. He just didn’t
expect her motive to be so… vague? Mundane?
She genuinely seems to want to just talk, and it makes Akechi want to either shut her down
immediately or entertain her whims in a bout of pure curiosity in equal measure.
“Oh, right!” She looks at what he’s been writing, “What were you here to investigate,
Akechi-san?”
“Fishing for confidential information, Yoshizawa-san?” He jokes, and she flushes and
immediately looks like she wants to correct herself. No, then. Interesting.
He sighs and continues, “I was given the option to look into the calling card and accusations
surrounding your school’s PE teacher the other day, and the case intrigued me. Though, I
haven’t made much progress, admittedly.”
Yoshizawa’s eyes widen at that. “The ones from the Phantom Thieves?”
Ah, yes. That was on the card, wasn’t it? “A rather over the top name, no?”
Her eyes gain a teasing gleam, “Not a fan of dramatics?”
“On the contrary,” he admits, surprising himself, “Though I generally prefer some substance
backing the style, and I’ve yet to find any in this case.”

She giggles, and they fall into silence as Akechi begins organising his things. He tilts his
head at her to prompt her to continue, and she starts.
“Uh,” Yoshizawa begins, eloquently, “Is it okay if we exchange chat ID? Since, um, it’s not
like I have any big thing I want to speak about right now- but maybe we could just keep in
contact?”
Akechi pauses, considering. He’s a bit surprised that he’s even considering it actually.
Usually he would turn down any such advances by delicately sidestepping the issue with as
much charming grace as he can muster, but something about Yoshizawa’s earnest expression
and seemingly honest intentions don’t ring alarm bells in his head.
Maybe it won’t hurt.
He reapplies his smile, “That’s fine by me.”
Yoshizawa smiles back, and the two exchange their contact information. The gymnast waves
a farewell, and Akechi takes his leave from the school, though not before picking up some
more information of interest.
The most pressing being that Suguru Kamoshida has been absent since the calling card was
posted two days ago. Paranoia, perhaps? That, or something was actually done to him. But no
reports have been made, so…
There are ways to check the validity of the accusations, Bird.
Akechi nearly jumps as his personas reappear in his mind after having slipped away earlier.
He quickly steers his mind away from the reason lest they retreat yet again.
But yes, there are convenient methods that he can use without trying to needle cagey students
for information. Akechi slips into an alleyway near the school’s entrance and slides his phone
out of his pocket.
“Suguru Kamoshida,” he says clearly into the receiver. What would it be? A palace? Just a
shadow in Mementos? The rare occasion of nothing at all-?
“No candidate found,” the nav chirps, “The destination you are trying to reach has been
deleted.”
Deleted?
Now that holds some implications.
Akechi bites the inside of his cheek, mentally rearranging the level of ‘danger’ that this
investigation originally pinged within him.
Could this mean that someone else has gained access to the Metaverse?
That would be bad.

THAT WOULD BE FUN.
No, no, that would be fucking awful. If he finds out, thenShit.
Akechi tastes blood as he bites down harder. He can still salvage this. If he finds anyone else
in the Metaverse, he’ll just have to deal with them before they become too noticeable. He can
do that.
Akechi shivers at the feeling of paranoia that begins to creep into his thoughts. What if he
already knows? What if they work for him? What if-?
Akechi takes a deep breath, readjusting his tie. Maybe it will be nothing. He just needs to
keep a close eye on how this case develops.
Damnit, he doesn’t have time for this.
***
If Sumire felt whiplash at just seeing Akechi on TV before, she definitely feels whiplash at
having a conversation with him. In the last timeline, she had never registered Akechi’s
pleasantries as any falser than any other idol’s personality, but now that she can only compare
him to… all that, in January, conversing with him feels like talking to a brick wall. Or a
particularly realistic-looking doll.
Though perhaps the most surprising is how she was able to get his contact information.
Sumire really didn’t expect that. In January, she can imagine him scoffing and saying to ‘just
ask someone else if she needs something’. And even before then, she can imagine his
detective prince smile finding some way to dodge and deflect any attempts at connection.
Maybe she said something that interested him? She doubts it. Or maybe it was a ploy for
more information on the Phantom Thieves? But, they haven’t actually done anything yet, and
Sumire doesn’t think she made it seem like she would have any more information than any
other student.
As always, Akechi’s mind remains an enigma. Sumire’s just glad for the consistency.
And that’s what leads her to hover over the ‘call’ button on her chat app the next day, eyeing
the free space in her golden week plans.
She bites her lip and bites the bullet, starting the call.
The line rings a few times, before Sumire hears a click,
“Akechi speaking.” Akechi’s voice crackles through the speaker of her phone.
“Um, hello, Akechi-san, it’s Su- Yoshizawa.” She corrects, “I was just wondering if you had
any plans over golden week? Maybe we could meet up sometime?” Why is this so stressful?

“Ah, Yoshizawa-san,” He sounds surprised, “That sounds agreeable. I can’t promise that my
schedule won’t shift suddenly, but, hm,” Sumire hears some rustling on the other side of the
line, “How about the fourth? At around 11, perhaps? We could meet in Kichijoji.”
Sumire’s eyes widen at not being brushed off. “Yes!” She coughs as her voice cracks, “Yes,
that would be great, Akechi-san.”
“Excellent.”
“Thank you so much, I’ll see you then?”
“Of course. Though,” Sumire narrows her eyes as she hears something bordering amusement
creep into the detective’s voice, “Was there a reason that you specifically called me,
Yoshizawa-san? I’m not complaining, necessarily, but this conversation could have also
occurred over text.”
Sumire flushes, “Um, I panicked, I think?” she admits, unsure how to dodge the question.
She hears Akechi make a sound that likely would have been one of his barking laughs had he
not smothered it in his throat, “Right. Well, my apologies for causing you distress in that case,
Yoshizawa-san.”
Sumire pouts, glad Akechi can’t see her face, “Not at all. Sorry,” she adds, even though she’s
not quite sure what she’s apologising for, “Well, um, if that’s all…?”
“Right. See you later.”
“Goodbye!” the call ends with another click.
Sumire sighs. Even when he’s acting all nice, Akechi still finds a way to be just a little mean.
It’s almost comforting, knowing that his true personality still bubbles to the surface on
occasion, but she kind of misses when he was just bluntly an asshole, rather than finding
ways to be clever about it.
Pushing that solidly out of her mind, Sumire looks over her notes.
She can’t remember the exact date that Kamoshida confesses, but she knows that it has to be
soon. If the calling card was sent on the Monday of this week, and it’s Sunday now, then the
effects of stealing the treasure should be coming onto effect soon. She thinks. She doesn’t
actually know what the timeframe for these things is, but it’s not like it would take that long,
right?
She vaguely remembers ‘early May’ as the time that Kamoshida confessed the first time
around, so it’s likely the same will be true now.
Sumire taps her pen against her notebook, writing down her meeting with Akechi for the
fourth. She can’t help but feel a little excited, even if there’s nothing that big to talk about.
She hopes that Kamoshida will have confessed by then, just so she can bring up the Phantom
Thieves in a less hypothetical sense.

Things are starting to heat up, she thinks. She closes the notebook and turns out the light.
***
She doesn’t have to wait long, it turns out.
Sumire feels a bit dazed as she leaves school on Monday, Kamoshida having just confessed
his myriad crimes leading to him begging for retribution on stage. It’s every bit as much as it
was the first time, even with prior knowledge, and the weight of discomfort Sumire never
even noticed while walking Shujin’s halls has evaporated from her shoulders.
Sumire was never the subject of Kamoshida’s ire the last time around, likely due to the fact
she had only been at the school for a few weeks and wasn’t part of the volleyball team, but
she could only feel a swirl of what-if’s when she found out what the man is really like.
Thankfully, she no longer has to worry about it.
Sumire makes her way through the halls, shooting Ann a big supportive smile when she
passes by her (she gets a teary smile in return), intending to make her way home, when she
pauses outside the student council room, hearing some muffled shuddering breaths.
Her eyes narrowing in concern, Sumire pushes open the door to the room, gasping quietly as
she sees Makoto hunched over the table in the middle of the room, her head buried in her
arms, shoulders shaking with each intake of breath.
Makoto looks up with puffy red eyes as she hears the door open, “Oh!” She wipes her eyes,
“Sumire-chan, is there anything you need?” Her voice comes out a lot more choked than she
likely intended.
Sumire quickly shakes her head, “No, nothing, I just heard you, um,” she gestures to Makoto
weakly, and she hears the other girl scoff a bit.
“Right,” Makoto smooths out her skirt, “I assure you that I’m alright, I’m just,” she rolls her
lips, “Overwhelmed, I guess, by everything that happened today.”
Sumire nods and takes a seat across form her. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Makoto sighs, fidgeting as an internal debate casts a shadow across her face, “I suppose that
I’m just… frustrated, with everything that has now come to light.”
Sumire shifts in her seat, “How come?”
“Because what is the point,” she throws her hands up as the dam breaks, “In being the
representative for the student body, when I didn’t do anything about all this?”
“Did you even know about it, though?” Sumire asks.
Makoto flops her head back in her hands, “Yes and no. I should have. I mean,” she runs a
hand through her hair, “You told me in your first week here that you were concerned about
how Mister Kamoshida was treating certain students, and I just brushed it off!”

“Well, I didn’t have any evidence or anything. It’s not fair to beat yourself up for not
believing rumours-”
“But I didn’t even try,” Makoto’s voice cracks, “You don’t have to make excuses for my sake,
Sumire-chan. In the end, I should have investigated, brought it up with the principal, done
something.” She huffs, “I try so hard to be the perfect little honours student, and for what?”
Sumire stays silent as Makoto sinks into her chair.
“I need to try harder,” Makoto mumbles, mostly to herself, “The next time something comes
up, I’ll give it everything I’ve got.”
Sumire nods encouragingly, “That’s the spirit, senpai. Even if you couldn’t help here, I’m
sure you can do something next time.”
Makoto nods, seemingly having calmed down, “I- thank you, Sumire-chan. I’m sorry for
breaking down like this.” She hastily wipes her eyes again, “Thank you for letting me vent.
You didn’t have to do that.”
Sumire smiles, “It’s not a problem at all, Makoto-senpai. I’m sure that you’ll figure it out.”
Makoto offers a small smile in return, “I hope so.” She says, not for the first time. And, not
for the first time either, Sumire hopes that it will turn out okay.
***
The next day, Sumire spends her first day of golden week practicing gymnastics a little
harder than she would ordinarily. If she’s going to take the next day off to speak with Akechi,
then she may as well make up for the lost time in advance.
Leaving practice, Sumire walks through central street with no particular destination in mind,
taking in the hustle and bustle of the holiday.
“Sooo, which one do you want?”
“What makes you think I want crêpes?! You just said you wanted lunch, and you go and
assume-”
“Ugh, shut up Ryuji, I told you that I’m paying, so you don’t get to complain about free
food-”
Sumire turns to step in before their discussion gets too heated.
“Ann-senpai, Ryuji-senpai!” She steps between them, pointedly ignoring how the two look
like they’re about to commit murder, “What a surprise!”
Ann blinks, “Oh, Sumire-chan! Hey!”
Ryuji has a grin break out on his face, “Hey man, what’s up?”

“Oh, I was just passing through,” Sumire mentally pats herself on the back for averting the
scene, “I just finished up with practice, but what were you two up to?”
Ann scratches the back of her head, “Umm, we were mostly just deciding where to eat.”
Ryuji grumbles at that, and Ann elbows him, “We were having a disagreement, clearly. Some
people just don’t know how to appreciate free food, I guess.” She sighs dramatically, while
Ryuji scowls and Sumire giggles.
“All I’m sayin’,” Ryuji starts, “Is that maybe you could have said that we were goin’ out for
specifically crêpes when you invited me out!”
Sumire giggles turn into proper chuckles, “So what’s the occasion?”
Ann’s face darkens a bit, “We’re just mostly celebrating that bastard going to jail like he
deserves.” Sumire doesn’t need clarification, her own face darkening as well.
“Right. I’m glad for you both.” She smiles, and Ryuji kicks the ground.
“Yeah. But, let’s not think about that asshole,” he says, Sumire and Ann nodding in
agreement, “You got any plans for golden week, Sumire?”
“Nothing too exciting,” she shakes her head, “I’m meeting up with a friend tomorrow, but
that’s about it.” She privately wonders if Akechi would object to being called a ‘friend’,
“What about you two?”
Ann brightens, “We’re headed to the Wilton on Thursday, for their lunch buffet, to celebrate
properly!”
Sumire’s eyes widen, “Oh wow, the Wilton? Isn’t that place super expensive?”
Inexplicably, Ann and Ryuji both blanch at that, suddenly unable to maintain eye contact.
“Uh, well,” Ryuji starts, opening and closing his mouth like a fish, “We, uh came into some
money recently…?” He looks to Ann for help, who looks seconds away from kicking him.
“Don’t be stupid, Ryuji!” She hisses, and she turns to Sumire with a bubbly smile, “Yep!” she
pops the ‘p’, “My parents got like, a huge bonus recently, and they gave some to me! And I
though, haha, why not spend it on my friends, and stuff?” She finishes that with a wink, for
some reason.
Sumire tries very hard not to cringe at the obvious lie, “I wasn’t trying to accuse you of, um,
unsavoury business, I guess? You don’t have to-”
“Uh, right, yeah, ‘course,” Ryuji blurts, still bearing a striking resemblance to a fish, “Ann’s
just weird sometimes, don’t mind her.” He yelps as that earns him another elbow.
“Don’t listen to him, Sumire-chan,” Ann says with a far more natural smile, “He’s just still
pissy about the crêpes.”

Sumire smiles, wondering how the Phantom Thieves ever managed to keep their identities
secret in the last timeline.
“Anyway,” Ryuji says, rubbing his ribs, “You wanna join us for crêpes, Sumire?”
Sumire shakes her head, “Sorry, I’ll have to pass. I don’t want to throw off my diet at the
moment.”
Ann nods solemnly, “That sucks, but I get it. Let me know if you ever have a cheat day,
though!”
Ryuji pumps his fist, “And we’ve still gotta go for a run at some point!”
Sumire laughs in agreement, and waves goodbye to the two thieves, making her way back
home.
If those two are heading to the Wilton to ‘celebrate properly’ on Thursday, then could it be
thieves’ business? They might discuss some valuable information. In that case, should she…?
Cinder, the answer will not change every time you ponder it.
Yeah, that’s fair.
“Mom, dad?” She says when she gets home, “How do you feel about a family lunch at the
Wilton on Thursday?”
***
Her parents agree- far quicker than Sumire thought they would.
Plans for Thursday set, Sumire sets out to her Wednesday booking.
Sumire sits across from Akechi, lightly amazed that he didn’t cancel last minute. Or block her
number. Or, frankly, give her his number at all- she still hasn’t figured out a possible reason
for that one.
“It certainly is fascinating.” Akechi muses, placing a hand on his chin, “That calling card
turned out to be telling the truth. It could just be a coincidence, of course, but it seems
awfully suspicious, don’t you think?”
He turns his TV smile at Sumire, and she quickly nods, unsure what she’s doing.
The two are sitting in one of the more popular Kichijoji café’s, picking at their cakes as the
conversation continues in fits and starts, Sumire scrambling for topics as Akechi -for oncedoesn’t seem to be in the mood to carry the conversation on his back. Or maybe he’s just
waiting to see where Sumire will take it?
In that case, she knows what she needs to find out.

It is highly unlikely, she thinks, that Akechi has knowledge or access to the Metaverse at this
point. He probably would have found out who the thieves are on the spot, in that case, and
Sumire can’t think of a reason he would just keep that to himself.
But, if he is in the Metaverse, then Sumire would love to know.
So, she steers the conversation towards trying to discover just that.
She nods, “It does seem kind of crazy. I mean, ‘Phantom Thieves of Hearts’?”
“I must say, I had thought that the accusations on the cards would be the more pressing
matter, but I didn’t expect them to be resolved through a confession- seemingly enacted
through sudden, crushing guilt.” Akechi sighs and takes another sip of his coffee, “Perhaps
Kamoshida was so paranoid from the threat that he caved and confessed? But then, why
would a man who clearly felt no remorse for his disgusting actions,” Sumire sees a flash of
anger dart across his face, “Suddenly panic like that?”
Sumire hums, “Maybe someone really did ‘change his heart’, like the calling cards said.” She
pushes, innocently as possible.
Akechi chuckles a dainty laugh, “Are you suggesting supernatural influence, Yoshizawasan?”
Sumire shrugs weakly, “Hypothetically…?”
Akechi laughs, like he isn’t taking her seriously, and Sumire frowns.
“Um, genuinely though,” Sumire tries again, “Do you think that supernatural methods are
completely impossible?”
Akechi regards her a little more seriously, seemingly considering her question, “My stance is
generally that, as supernatural methods in all forms have not yet been documented anywhere
in particular, then it would be a bit foolish for me as a detective to automatically leap to such
assumptions when there are other explanations available.”
Sumire nods. That’s a fair stance, she thinks.
But, wasn’t Akechi one of the first people in the last timeline to say outright that the thieves
had unknown methods? What changed, in that case?
“What kind of other explanations are there, do you think?” Sumire asks.
“Blackmail.” Akechi states flatly, “Paranoia on Kamoshida’s part, as I said earlier.” He hums,
“Though, that remains to be seen as we question him in the coming days. I’m not on this
investigation at the moment, so I don’t know what’s come up.”
Sumire tilts her head, confused, “I thought you were at Shujin to investigate?”
“The calling cards, yes.” Akechi sighs, “But at present, the calling cards and Kamoshida’s
confession are being treated as separate cases, until the cards can be proven as more than just

a prank.”
Sumire nods, considering. Maybe Akechi’s stance will change when the cases are connected,
or more examples of a change of heart come up?
“When Kamoshida confessed,” Sumire says, as surreptitiously as possible, “It seemed almost
like he was a completely different person, like his personality really did change.”
Akechi smiles, “Trying to convert me into being a believer of the Phantom Thieves?” He
chuckles as Sumire looks embarrassed, “I suppose being a witness to the event itself gives
you better information than I.”
Sumire smiles, “Are you willing to give the supernatural explanation a shot, then?”
Akechi’s smile turns a bit wry, “Not if I want to keep my job, I don’t.” He tilts his head,
“Though, I suppose if the case were to develop in such a way where it seems likely, then who
knows? Maybe there really are some people who can steal hearts.”
Sumire laughs awkwardly, “It does sound kind of crazy when you put it like that…” She
straightens up, “Well, I guess we’ll just have to wait and see!” She says brightly.
“Expecting more than a one-hit-wonder, then?” Akechi chuckles, “Perhaps so. Though I still
hesitate to say that the calling card was anything more than a prank or warning done by
students who knew what Kamoshida’s crimes were.”
Sumire hums, “I guess that’s fair.” She laughs, “I wonder how it would even be possible,
stealing someone’s heart?” She tries not to sound too eager for his response.
Akechi just takes another sip of coffee, “I wonder,” he murmurs over the rim.
Sumire nods, taking a bite of her cake, and finds herself once again deeply confused about
the enigma that is the detective before her.
He probably doesn’t know about the Metaverse yet, she decides.

Chapter End Notes

Hey! Fancy seeing you here.
They've met! Finally! I didn't realise how long it took until I started posting these
chapters, but now things are going to start going pretty quick, I'd say. At least until the
canon divergence /really/ starts to hit.
I also just wanted to add a blanket 'thank you' to everyone who's been leaving kudos and
comments! I don't respond to everyone, (I don't always have something to say- once
again, I am unfunny) but I'll just state for the record here that I appreciate y'all <3

___
Akechi, known liar: I know absolutely nothing :)
Sumire: seems legit, nothing fishy here.

Chapter 8
Chapter Summary

Sumire has a revelation, and Ren dreams.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren covers his mouth and tries not to heave a retch. He managed to get away without
throwing up (much to the jealous glares of Ryuji and Morgana, who did vomit) and he would
very much like to keep it that way.
“Man…” Ryuji groans, making a face, clearly still put out by emptying a third of the hotel’s
buffet into the toilet.
“That was” Morgana hiccups, “a lot.”
Ren decides that words of sympathy would just be rubbing it in, and instead pats Ryuji on the
back and Morgana on the head, which turns out to be a bad idea when they both look like
they want to start spilling their guts out again.
They approach the elevators, looking to rejoin Ann on the restaurant floor.
“Uh, which floor were we on again?” Ryuji scratches the back of his neck, and Ren shrugs as
Morgana goes to answer in his stead.
He lets the blond and the cat figure it out, and instead looks around somewhat selfconsciously. People have been giving them the stink eye nearly the entire time that they’ve
been here, and, yeah, they did migrate what felt like half the buffet onto their table, but still,
that hardly seems likeRen does a double take as he spots a familiar curtain of red hair exit one of the elevators.
Yoshizawa makes eye contact with him, and flinches so violently that Ren would find it
comical if he wasn’t a bit hurt by the reaction. He assumes that she just fears his delinquent
status at Shujin, but she could stand to at least introduce herself before she deems him the
root of all evil, or something.
Yoshizawa scurries off before Ren can try to readjust her impression of him by giving a small
wave. He instinctively goes to call out to her, but is cut off when he gets shoulder checked,
hard, by what looks like a crowd of suits surrounding some bald guy with designer
sunglasses.

“Hey, asshole!” Ryuji snaps when he sees Ren rub his shoulder.
The crowd of suits just ignore him, and sunglasses-guy starts talking to one of his lackeys.
“Any updates on the case?” He says, not even sparing Ren and Ryuji a glance.
“Sir, are you sure that…” Ren starts hearing one of the guys respond, but he feels his ears
start to ring as he plays the first voice over in his head.
He’s heard that voiceNo, where would he have…?
That isn’t possible, he’s never even seenRed and blue as a woman shouts for help, a man’s voice slurring profanities and orders.
But, no, that was the wrong order of- what happened when? Ren can’t remember; that day
was a blur and the night even more so. A strangled yell, and the shattering of glass as the
man tips over, tripping on his own feet, he’s hissing something at Ren, but Ren doesn’tIf Ren didn’t know any better, he’d say that voice was the same one from back then.
…But does he know any better?
Could it be thatHis teammates are shouting, he can tell that much (There are more than just three-).
Everything else is a blur of gold and blood, the perpetually cloudy skies overhead flashing
from the magic that Ren and everyone else is throwing out with vengeful ferocity. It’s all that
piece of shit’s fault- everything that happened this past year and even more, it’s his fault that
just two days agoDon’t think about it. (Think about what?)
Ren starts flagging as the fight drags on. They can’t keep this up- the asshole is turning it into
a battle of attrition. If they could just grab the flash of gold that sits high above them then
they could just run, but,
Is their usual modus operandi really what this fucker deserves? Ren can’t help that think, ha,
maybe he was right- just a change of heart isn’t good enough, Ren wants this man dead, to
understand exactly what he put everyone through, and he doesn’t care if his teammates agree
or not, he’s the leader and this is his fight- if he can just get close enough toHe hears the shouts of victory as the shadow finally falls and his decision is made for him.
Ren tries to ignore the stone of disappointment that sinks in his gut. He missed his chance.
He fulfilled his promise (For who?) at least. Maybe that will be enoughRen snaps back.

Fucking again?
He disguises his dizziness as another bout of nausea while Ryuji grumbles about the
politician (Why does Ren know he’s a politician?) who has long since left in the elevator.
“Asshole’s holding up the line,” Ryuji growls, and Ren is thankful that he’s too pissed off to
notice whatever the fuck that just was.
Morgana seems distracted too, thank god, because Ren does not want to have to explain that
he may have been wrong about the visions being one and done.
He has enough problems already. They all do.
Ren would really appreciate it if the universe stopped fucking with him.
***
Sumire peers out from behind the pillar she ducked around when she made eye contact with
Ren.
Was that Masayoshi Shido?
Did this interaction happen the first time around?
That’s one hell of a coincidence, if that’s the case. Sumire sincerely doubts that the thieves
decided to target the man because he was kind of rude to them while they were waiting for an
elevator at a buffet, but it still seems odd that they would meet him here.
Sumire, when she wrote down all the things that she knew about the thieves, noticed that a
solid majority of the targets seem to have a close personal connection to at least one of the
thieves’ members, with the notable exception of the mafia boss whose name she can’t
remember and possibly Medjed- though maybe Futaba had some specific bone to pick with
them. She wonders if Shido is another point in the pattern, or if he was just the next logical
conclusion for what was supposed to be the thieves’ final target. A villain of convenience, or
a subject for revenge?
She remembers when Akechi mentioned having requested Shido as a target during a
Mementos trip, and she wonders what the detective might have to do with him. He’s revealed
nothing, so far, and Sumire isn’t confident enough in her psychoanalysis to start making
assumptions.
She supposes that if Shido was the one behind the mental shutdown and psychotic breakdown
incidents- wasn’t Akechi investigating those? Didn’t Okumura die by mental shutdown? The
more she thinks, the more Sumire thinks that Shido was (and will be) a very personal target
for the thieves.
But, as is the motto of her time-travelling escapades, she doesn’t know for sure.
It might be time to investigate Mementos again.

***
Sumire rushes down the slightly bloodier cousin of the Shibuya station steps, feeling her
outfit and mask settle on her body, her steps clicking slightly louder as her flats are replaced
with heels.
As soon as school let out, golden week’s holidays having wrapped up, Sumire bolted towards
the station to dive back into Mementos, hoping that maybe this time she can snag a clue or a
hint. She isn’t sure if the thieves’ have been here yet, but maybe their presence will alter
something once they have been?
Sumire makes quick work of the first two floors of Mementos, excluding how she almost got
lost as the tunnels continually shift and change, finally arriving back at the previously closed
door.
She hops up to it, feigned confidence in her step, and presses her hand against the textured
wall.
As nothing happens, she sighs. She expected this, butThe platform shakes, and the door twists and folds in layers as it peels away to reveal further
descending escalators, falling down, further into the pulsing depths.
Sumire gapes.
How…?
Your guess is as good as mine, Violet.
Well then. Sumire won’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
She takes some tentative steps down the escalators, watching as the red glow that bathes the
upper floors changes to a deep blue- making it even harder to see than normal.
Sumire squints at the tunnels that extend beyond the platform, preparing herself for a long
trek.
“Oh, hello miss!”
Sumire whips around at the familiar car honk and boyish voice that floats from a direction
that a car should frankly not have been able to drive (did he take that thing down the
escalator?) and stares as José hops out of his vehicle and waddles over.
Sumire stares for a beat longer than she probably should, having forgotten just how jarring
this kid’s presence was.
“Hm,” José stares at her with big golden eyes, “Have we met before, miss? You seem kinda
familiar…”
Sumire starts, registering what José just said.

“Yes!” She yelps, “We have, just not, um, now? If that makes sense? But in another…” she
trails off, “Is that what you meant?”
José nods sagely, “Yep! I think we’ve definitely met before. But like you said, not now, so it’s
kind of hazy for me.” His eyes light up, “Wow, miss! Does that mean that you do remember
the other one clearly? That’s impressive!”
“The, uh, ‘other one’?” Sumire blinks.
“Yep! There’s technically two lines, here,” he points at nothing, “But they’re folded over
each other so tightly that they might as well be one! It’s rare for things to continue from one
to the other- usually when reality folds like this, everything kind of resets and no one can
notice that it’s all happened before!” José beams like he hasn’t just shattered Sumire’s
understanding of space time.
“’usually’…?” Sumire hesitates to ask, slightly fearful of the answer.
“Yup!” José nods, “Sometimes things go wrong, and that person will have to step in to let
humanity have a do-over. He only very rarely lets people remember things, though -usually
he just gives a little nudge- but when he does let people remember, it’s usually a wildcard.”
He tilts his head and squints “So it’s pretty weird that you remember, miss.”
Sumire blinks again, only having understood about half of that.
“So…” Sumire tries to sidestep a headache, “All of… this, is less time travel, and more just,”
she scrunches her nose, “Reality folding in on itself to make the year repeat, but I’m the only
one who remembers? Does that mean more people could remember?”
José nods, giving her a thumbs up, “Hey, you got it! Good job, miss! For people
remembering stuff, hm… maybe? If that person lets people remember, then they will, but if
they don’t by now then probably not.” His eyes widen as Sumire can almost see the lightbulb
flicker above his head, “But I thought that person only chose wildcards for this kind of stuff,
so what do I know?”
“What’s a wildcard, José?” Sumire takes the opportunity to sit on the ground cross-legged,
figuring that this might take a while.
“Hmm…” he scrunches his face, “The best way to describe it would be the number zero?
That person calls it the Fool, but that’s not always quite right.” José stares at the space around
Sumire, “But you’ve met a wildcard miss! Oh! More than one- that’s rare!” José beams,
“And you have bonds with them too! It’s too bad that they don’t count right now.” He shakes
his head solemnly.
Sumire doesn’t really understand anything more than she did before she asked that question.
José keeps staring in any space that isn’t quite where Sumire is sitting. “Hmm… hey, it
actually looks like we have something in common, miss. I can’t quite remember it, but I’m
pretty sure I’ve met those two wildcard bonds of yours as well!”

Something clicks in Sumire’s head, “Did one of them have a white mask and a trench coat?”
José frowns, “I’ve never met someone like that this time…” he scratches his head, “But I did
meet the one that looks like a mean bird! I don’t think he was very happy to see me though,
he ran off before I could introduce myself.”
Sumire’s eyes widen, “Wait did you meet him this time around?” That means that“Yup!” He nods, “He comes down here pretty often. And he’s pretty strong, too! Pretty
impressive, considering he’s been doing it wrong.”
Sumire doesn’t want to ask what ‘it’ is, and why Akechi is apparently doing it wrong, as she
zones in on the fact that Akechi has already been in the Metaverse. She always wondered
why he was so much stronger than most of the thieves in January, and it seems like the
answer is just: experience.
He’s just good at playing dumb, she guesses, thinking back to their café outing during golden
week.
But that then begs the myriad questions of what Akechi could possibly be doing down in
Mementos at this point in time. Was he simply exploring the strange reflection of Tokyo’s
hearts? All alone and without guidance to explain even the basics?
Huh.
That… sounds like it isn’t fun.
Sumire probably would have gotten herself killed if she didn’t have Morgana and Ren to
explain the bullet points when she first awakened. Getting access to a weird otherworld
coupled with a magic reflection of your own soul talking in your head sounds like it would be
pretty lonely.
Sumire bites her lip.
If she could find Akechi while he’s in the Metaverse, then she could force a conversation out
of him. Because there’s no way he wouldn’t try to dodge it if she tries to bring it up in the real
world.
Maybe she could get an ally (a friend, you could get your friend back, a part of her whispers)
in all of this. And if he’s one of these ‘wildcards’ that José keeps mentioning, then maybe…?
It is best to not get your hopes up, Violet.
She can’t help it. She just really wants someone else to remember.
José seems content to leave Sumire to her musings, but he pipes up when she sits still for too
long.
“Is there anything else you needed, miss? Did you want to collect some flowers with me?”
He looks optimistic at the possibility of flower collecting.

“Ah,” Sumire starts, “Sorry, José, I think that I’ll head back to the real world, now. I have
some stuff that I need to think about. But I’ll definitely be back!” She hurriedly adds when he
starts to pout, “I still need to look for the, ah, mean bird, so maybe you can help me with that
sometime? I can help you collect flowers while we’re at it?”
José nods, brightening. “You’ve got it, miss!” He jumps back in his car(?) and honks the
horn, peeling off into the Mementos tunnels, tires screeching as he drifts around any and all
corners.
Sumire stands up, waving goodbye as she brushes herself off.
She has new, valuable, information- Akechi isn’t part of the thieves yet, but he does have a
persona.
It’s not perfect -he still doesn’t remember- but it’s proof that Sumire doesn’t have to be
completely alone, and she couldn’t be happier.
***
After the thieves’ first trip to Mementos, Ren hauls himself back to Leblanc, limbs still
slightly sore from Metaverse traversal.
“I still don’t trust that José guy…” Morgana grumbles as he pads around Ren’s bed in a
circle, settling down in a donut- In the middle of the bed, really? Ren needs that space more
than the not-cat does, he thinks.
“He seems harmless.” Ren counters, deciding to ignore Mona’s exceedingly cat-like
behaviour, “And he said he’d help us, so I think it’ll be fine.”
Morgana grumbles something incomprehensible as he drifts off to sleep, leaving Ren to his
own devices. What a concept- he might even be able to stay up past 10pm.
He won’t, though. His sleep schedule has been permanently altered by an amnesiac cat and
there’s nothing he can do about it. Sighing, he starts changing into his sleep clothes, thinking
about their first exploration of Mementos.
‘Everybody’s palace’, Morgana had called it. Ren had just defended José, yes, but he did
have to admit that it was a bit strange that the collective minds of Tokyo (Japan? The world?
The scope was a bit unclear) had somehow spawned some weird egg kid with a penchant for
stars and flowers.
Weirdness aside, Ren had wanted to ask José about his weird visions, but didn’t particularly
feel like outing himself in front of his friends. Maybe he can sneak out and go back later.
But for now, Ren settles into his bed in an awkward crescent shape to avoid crushing
Morgana, and drifts off to sleep.
He’s in Mementos, that much is clear. Even after only having been there once, Ren doesn’t
think he could forget the pulsing and shifting veins of the subway tunnels for a long time.

He’s dreaming, actually. He’s pretty sure, at least- he doesn’t remember coming to Mementos,
even after having thought about a possible solo mission when he was drifting off. It’s pretty
strange how lucid he is, though; Ren’s never had these kinds of dreams before.
He startles when he realises he isn’t actually alone. He’s sitting on a bench -the kind you find
on train platforms- and to his left is a… person? He can’t quite tell- they’re wearing some
kind of body suit that definitely makes them look humanoid, but their head is covered with a
horned, pointed helmet which covers any other identifying features. Ren blinks as their body
shifts slightly in the shadows, unable to properly grasp any defined edges.
“My, my, Joker. I was wondering if you were just going to sit there and ignore me all day.”
The other drawls flatly, and Ren looks down at his hands, noticing his Metaverse outfit for
the first time.
The other -definitely a person, definitely a man, Ren notes- cocks his head. “Are you going to
sit there and gawk? Or are you going to do something about this?”
Ren swallows, “About what?” He finally says.
The man rasps a laugh, “God forbid you ever say more than two words at a time.”
Ren scowls at the other’s amusement, “You didn’t answer my question,” he folds his arms,
“Who are you?” He adds.
The other whips his head around to look at him, “You don’t remember?” He places a hand
dramatically on his chest, but Ren can still hear the edge in his voice, “I’m hurt, Joker.”
Ren shakes his head, “Am I supposed to know you?” he tries.
The other scoffs, “Clearly not.” He leans back into the bench in a huff, “This conversation is
pointless if you can’t even remember what it’s supposed to be about.”
Ren rolls his lips together, frustrated, “You could start by telling me, then.” When the other
ignores him, he shifts a little closer, “I can’t help with anything if you don’t explain what’s
happening.”
The other clicks his tongue, “Help?” He hisses, “Even as an amnesiac in your dreams,
you’re still knee deep in a terminal saviour complex. Pathetic.”
Ren doesn’t rise to the bait, “So this is a dream, then?” He focuses on instead.
“Of course it is,” the other deadpans, “Where else could you be having conversations with
dead men?”
“You’re dead?”
“Of course I am.” The man scoffs. “Or maybe I’m not? Who’s to say? If you can’t remember
me, then maybe it never happened.”

Ren’s eyes widen, and he pulls at his gloves, “So you’re just in my head, then?” He frowns,
“Why would someone in my head know more than me? Are you a cognition or something?”
The man barks a laugh, “Not in the normal sense, at least, but maybe you just know more
than you think. Or maybe not. Maybe none of this is real.”
Ren tilts his head, “I thought we already established that this was a dream?”
He can’t see the other’s eyes, but Ren’s pretty sure he just rolled them, “And since when were
those two mutually exclusive? You spend your time diving into the physical manifestations of
the hearts of others, and you can’t handle someone in your head telling you about things you
can’t remember?”
Ren squints, “Those two things are pretty different,” he narrows his eyes even further, “And
you haven’t actually told me anything yet.”
“Yes, and I’m going to keep it that way.” The other turns away, “If you can’t remember on
your own, then it won’t do any good for me to just tell you.”
“So what should I do then?” Ren asks, but he doesn’t know what about.
The other snorts, “How should I know? I’m just in your head, right? You’re clever, Joker, you
can figure it out.” Ren isn’t certain, but he swears he heard the other’s voice turn almost
fond.
Ren just hums in lieu of a reply.
“In any case,” the other continues, undaunted, “Isn’t it about time you woke up?”
Ren smirks, “Is it?”
“Don’t be cute,” the man says, and snaps his fingers-And Ren wakes up, Morgana still snoring at his side.
He shoots up, grabbing for his probation diary to quickly write what he can remember down
before it slips through his mind like a sieve.
As Ren quickly scrawls the key points, he scowls as he loses more and more details, ending
up with a mess of uncoordinated notes: Weird guy? Was in Mementos. Can’t remember
something? A dream but still real. Something to do with visions?
Ren angrily runs a hand through his hair as he runs out of points to write. Maybe the dream
didn’t even mean anything. Maybe he’s just getting worked up over nothing.
Is that truly how you feel? Arsène says, and Ren can almost hear the raised eyebrow.
He scowls. No, no it isn’t. That dream had the same feeling as the weird visions he’s been
having- just… to the left a bit. Usually his sense of self is a bit off in them- he’s still ‘Ren’,

but he knows that he knows more, without actually knowing anything. In the dream he was
just Ren. Normal Ren who has no idea what’s going on.
Ren feels like the universe heard his plea to stop fucking with him and decided to double
down in retaliation.
He looks at the floor as the light streaming into his bedroom slowly gets brighter, and sighs.
He tries to make it a policy to not wake up before noon on Sundays, but Ren doubts he can
get back to sleep like this.
Flipping his journal shut, he starts the day, and forgets the dream.
***
Sumire spends the week following her first trip into Mementos trying desperately to catch
Akechi in the other world. Unfortunately, she can only really do it when she has an excuse to
be out of the house- which means she only has a span of a few hours to scan the upper floors
of Mementos looking for the rogue detective before she has to head home.
As such, her search has turned up empty.
At least she gets to spend time with José, which is a delight on its own- at least when he isn’t
doing his best impersonation of an eldritch horror, but Sumire is starting to suspect that it’s
the sweet kid that’s the act and the neutral deity that is the truth.
Or something adjacent, at least- Sumire can’t imagine José flaying humans for fun, so she’s
probably in the clear.
In all likelihood, she’s just picking the wrong times to conduct her search. Akechi may be
using the nighttime hours for his Mementos escapades, so Sumire will likely have to find a
way to adjust. Maybe she can sneak out? Risky, but likely necessary at this point. Asking
José for help has been tragically useless, as the little eldritch nightmare unfortunately has no
concept of human passages of time.
All of this compounded by the fact that Shujin’s first batch of exams are this week.
They aren’t… that bad. Mostly. Sumire’s done them before, of course; but it’s not like she
remembers every question on the paper, and even when she does recognise a few that she got
wrong last time, she doesn’t necessarily remember what the right answer is.
As an honours student, she was given the option to shift her exams back a week -an
opportunity she graciously accepted last time- but she declined. It feels a bit like cheating,
since she’s done it all before, so Sumire feels that it’s only fair that she evens the playing
field this time.
That, and the slightly less altruistic reason that her pushing back her exams was what caused
all her classmates to turn on her last time.
Well, it wasn’t that dramatic. But it was pretty bad. Sumire can remember the vitriol and
rumours that were spat in her direction for her special treatment from the school, envy and

jealousy swirling to form some formless mass of what they believed her to truly be like.
She would like to avoid that, this time around.
At the end of the exam week, an assembly is called. Sumire initially follows her classmates
towards the hall, before picking up chatter of ‘a new school therapist’ and immediately
turning into the bathroom to wait it out.
Running into Maruki last month was one time too many, Sumire thinks, and she doesn’t have
anything to say to the man. Or, more accurately, she doesn’t have anything to say to the man
in a calm, measured, voice and without digging her nails into her palms so hard that her
hands bleed.
So, she avoids him. She isn’t on the list of students who have to have mandatory counselling
sessions, so she won’t go.
She ducks her head, and waits in the bathroom.
***
“I’m glad that you took me up on my offer for a session so quickly, Amamiya-kun.” Maruki
says, and Ren takes a seat on one of the armchairs- bag significantly lighter after having
deposited Morgana to mind his own business for an hour.
“I didn’t have a lot of choice,” Ren says, trying to keep his voice neutral rather than bitter.
“Yes, and I’m sorry,” Maruki, to his credit, does look genuinely apologetic, “I wish that this
wasn’t something you were forced into, but the school is the one who made the decision, and
I don’t have a lot of sway.”
Ren shrugs, not looking to toss blame around when it’s easier to just stay consistently angry
with the Shujin administration, “It’s fine. I’m not bothered that much.” It’s a lie, but Maruki
will probably like it.
Ren’s prediction is correct as the counsellor’s face lights up, “Really? I’m glad.” He leans
back in his chair, “You certainly have a laid-back attitude to all of this, Amamiya-kun,” he
prompts, and- oh boy, is this where Ren is supposed to spill his emotional guts?
Ren scratches the back of his neck awkwardly, “I just don’t think there’s much point in
dwelling on it if there’s nothing I can do.” He throws out a grin, gesturing to the table, “And,
hey, free snacks.”
Maruki chuckles at that, “I’ll be sure to keep stock of those, then. And the way you think is
pretty mature. Do you often think like that with other things as well?”
Ren shrugs, “Not always.” He bites his lip, trying to think of a way to phrase it, “I think it
comes down to what’s worth my time. If there’s ‘nothing I can do’ about something that’s
really important, I’d probably still try to fight anyway. But if it’s something like this,” he
gestures vaguely at the room, “I don’t need to waste energy in resisting it.”

Maruki nods, “That’s very level-headed of you. I know that when I was your age, I didn’t
have the wisdom to think like that,” he lets out an awkward laugh, “Or even now,
sometimes.”
Ren nods, unsure how to follow through on the discussion.
Usually when he talks with someone, he lets the other carry the conversation. It’s not that he
has nothing to add, per say, he just doesn’t want to make everything about him. So, he only
speaks when he sees an opening for a quip or a piece of encouraging platitude. It’s only really
with the thieves (And, slowly but surely, his other hodge podge of confidants scattered across
the city) that he allows himself to begin opening up, at least one on one. He usually just shuts
up in group contexts.
And so, having just formed a bond with Maruki under the councillor arcana, Ren feels a little
daunted about having an entire friendship based on his own opening up to a relative stranger.
“The school gave me your records as a part of your file,” Maruki continues when it’s clear
that Ren isn’t going to add anything, “It’s truly unfortunate that you had to start at Shujin
under such circumstances, and immediately be targeted by Kamoshida, too. Do you think that
made adjusting to your new environment difficult in any way?”
Ren thinks that learning magic is real, and that it looks like a bird in a top hat, is the main
factor of ill adjustment, but he can’t say that, “I think I was mostly fine. I’m not going to be
able to change everyone’s opinion of me, so I just focused on making friends that I can relate
to.” He says instead.
Maruki nods, looking delighted at Ren’s words. Can you win at therapy? Ren thinks he’s
doing pretty well, if you can. “That’s amazing, Amamiya-kun, I’m glad. You seem to have an
excellent grasp on your own reality, from what I can see. Not many are able to fully reconcile
their internal conceptions with their external truths, so it’s pretty impressive to see you do it
at such a young age.”
And he only needed to rip off half his face to do it. Somewhere, Arsène chuckles. Ren tilts
his head for Maruki to continue.
“Ah, what I’m saying is,” Maruki starts, “Everyone has some kind of discrepancy with their
own personal cognition and objective reality. This gap is generally what causes people pain,
when their ideal reality and version of themselves doesn’t match with their current one.” He
shakes his head, “Ah, but I’m rambling.”
Ren hums, “No, I think it’s interesting.”
Maruki smiles again, “Thank you. I’m actually a researcher first and foremost, and looking
into how people’s metaphorical hearts work is my specialty. I’m actually working on a kind
of psychological treatment that involves removing the pain of cognitive discrepancies- when
people’s ideal realities are unattainable, and the like.”
Ren frowns, “Isn’t that just a part of life, though?” He fidgets with his hands, “Learning to
deal with pain?”

“Maybe, but what if it doesn’t have to be?” Maruki’s eyes gain an unreadable gleam.
“Physical pain might indicate something tangibly wrong with the human body, but emotional
pain is much less concrete. If it serves no purpose in a moment, should it exist at all?”
Ren hums, “I think that it’s still important for it to exist. If you got rid of it, wouldn’t you also
have to get rid of the reason for it? I don’t think that’s always worth it as a trade-off.”
Maruki’s eyes flicker down for a second, “I suppose that is a valid point. But tell me,
Amamiya-kun- say that you lost something dear to you that you could never get back, would
you not want to stop feeling the pain of loss if you could help it? If you were going to live the
rest of your life in grief? Would you not want to give yourself the opportunity to move on?”
Ren opens his mouth to immediately deny that he would take such a deal. If he were to get
rid of the pain of loss, then he would have to forget what he lost, right? Or pretend that he
never lost it. Neither particularly appeal to Ren. Grief is tempered by time -or so he’s heardso he doesn’t feel the need to consider such extremes when he could feasibly move on
without losing the memories of what he’s lost.
But something stops him from saying that.
A little, nagging voice in the back of his head that asks, would that truly be the choice that
you would make?
What if you couldn’t live without it?
What if there were no strings attached?
Would you betray“I don’t think I’ve ever had such a strong attachment to something that I would really know.”
Ren eventually settles on. “I’d say no to anything that I could feasibly lose right now, but,” he
shrugs, “Maybe, in the future if there was something that important to me.” The thought
makes him uncomfortable, but he can’t seem to shake it.
Maruki nods, seemingly satisfied enough with Ren’s answer, “I suppose that’s fair. It’s easy
to claim that you would act a certain way when you’ve never been in that situation before,
but we never truly know until we’re in the moment.” He hums, crossing his legs, “I have to
say, though, your input is actually really helpful. I’ve already started adjusting my theories
based on what you’ve said today. Say, could we make a second deal?” Ren cocks his head,
“You don’t have to agree, of course, but could we perhaps have more discussions like this
one? My research is all largely theoretical, so it’s thought experiments like these that help me
with my work. If you were to help me, I could teach you some techniques for mental
fortitude to help you in day-to-day life?” Maruki looks at Ren eagerly.
Ren internally breathes a sigh of relief, seeing the out he can use to turn this bond into
something that doesn’t require him to open up. He just needs to be a sounding board for some
theories- he can do that. He can’t say he isn’t interested, either. Maruki’s research definitely
intrigues him, even beyond all its strange overlap with the concept of the Metaverse.

“I accept,” Ren says, and Maruki smiles wider,
“Great!” He nods cheerfully, “We can still meet up for counselling sessions, of course, but we
can also spare some time for chatting about my research paper, too.”
Ren nods, and says his goodbyes, feeling the Councillor confidant grow to its second rank.
***
Maruki finishes writing down his notes following his session with Amamiya. The young man
is certainly confident in himself, and he was able to completely keep up with Maruki’s
theories as he explained them. He’s relieved to have found such a bright mind to be a
sounding board for his theories, especially one that may have connections to the cognitive
world.
He was troubled by your ideology.
He didn’t fully agree with Maruki on the concept of relieving pain, no- but that may just
make his theories stronger when he puts them to the test. What kind of scientist would he be
if he didn’t reconsider his hypothesis when necessary?
He fears the thought of loss.
Really? Amamiya had taken some pause at Maruki’s question, sure, but he only conceded the
point when he considered that he maybe hadn’t just discovered something he’d be that
desperate not to lose.
He does not recall.
Doesn’t recall what? Maruki didn’t actualise any reality for him- so there’s no reason for him
to be forgetting anythingYou do not recall.
He himself doesn’t recall? What could he have-?
Soon. The time is not yet right. You are missing the pieces.
Well, he can’t argue against that.
Maruki frowns. He can’t remember forgetting anything. Which, now that he thinks about it, is
probably the point of forgetting something. But he doesn’t have any glaring gaps in his
memory, either. He’ll just have to keep an eye out, then.
Hm.
He should probably restock on some snacks. Amamiya took a whole handful when he left.
***

Sumire leaves practice early on Saturday. She shouldn’t, but she finds that she’s really
struggling to properly stomach it with the weight of everything that’s been happening in the
past few days. Even though she didn’t actually accept her extended exam period, word still
quickly got out that she was even offered it- and then she was quickly accused of various
transgressions for… Sumire isn’t actually sure, but she does know that people were upset that
she didn’t accept the extra time, but they also would have been upset if she did.
So, not exactly what she needs, on top of everything else.
She’s starting to remember how she felt when she awakened to Cendrillon the first time.
That, on top of Maruki starting his tenure at Shujin. She’s successfully avoided him thus far,
but it’s still only been two days. Sumire has a sinking feeling that he’s going to actively seek
her out when he hears all the rumours that her classmates are whispering about her.
Which leads to now, where Sumire is making her way through the Shibuya accessway,
making her way towards her platform.
She’s mostly keeping her head down, thinking of some possible ways to escape her house late
at night to make a trip to Mementos, when she nearly trips over her feet as she spots a head of
caramel brown hair, leaning against a wall and looking at his phone.
She jogs up to him, “Akechi-san, hello!” her mood already improved having run into her
friend. Well. Maybe not a friend just yet- but he definitely will be soon if Sumire can help it.
Akechi’s head snaps up to look at her, “Yoshizawa-san. Funny running into you here. I don’t
believe I’ve ever spotted you around at this time.”
“Ah, well, I just left practice a bit early, so I guess I’m skipping the peak hour rush,” she
says, looking around at the relatively empty accessway.
“Well, that makes sense then.” Akechi hums. He shifts to stand up properly, pushing off the
wall, “What made you leave practice early, if you don’t mind me asking?”
Sumire blinks, not expecting him to have asked, “Oh, no it’s fine. I left because well, I,” she
huffs, “Things have been a bit overwhelming for me lately, to be honest.”
Akechi tilts his head, something resembling concern on his face, “I heard that Shujin’s exams
were just this week- were they a bit much?”
Sumire shakes her head, “No, that wasn’t it. I’ve just, well,” she sighs. She does want to talk
to someone about this. She just isn’t sure how to describe it in a way that doesn’t invite too
many clarifying questions- which she definitely won’t be able to answer.
Though, he gave her some pretty good advice in January, even when Sumire was being
vague, so, maybe...?
“I’ve had to be near some people that have wronged me in the past,” she begins, “And, I’m
not usually an angry person, I’ve never really held grudges before, but these people… for the

first time in my life, I can’t just forgive and forget. Or turn the anger back on myself,
somehow.”
Akechi’s eyes widen slightly at the turn in conversation, and then nods, humming, “What is it
about this particular case that makes it different from others?”
Sumire frowns, “I think it’s a combination of how personal it was, and that I can’t really
understand the reasoning behind what they did- not fully, at least.”
“And you’re feeling off because of both the proximity to these people, and the fact that you
are unused to housing long-standing ill will towards others?” Akechi clarifies, bringing his
hand up to his chin in a gesture Sumire has seen him perform many times. She nods, lightly
shocked at the accuracy. Is she just that easy to read, or is Akechi just good at reading
people?
Or maybe he just understands?
“I see,” Akechi continues, “In that case, you are aware that you’re under no obligation to
forgive them, right?”
Sumire blinks, “Really?” She kind of assumed that she’d have to get over it eventually,
“Won’t that just… drag me down thinking about them?”
“I suppose,” Akechi sighs, “If that’s how you choose to direct your energy, of course. But if
these people have wronged you in the past, then why should you have to put yourself in a
position to let them do so again? You don’t have to turn around and dedicate your life to
revenge, or anything,” he chuckles as Sumire looks unconvinced, “But forgiveness and
holding onto anger are two different things, I think.”
Sumire hums, “I think you’re right,” Akechi nods, and she continues, “But in my case, I’m in
a position where I’m going to have to interact with these people again, possibly even work
with one.” She sighs, “And I feel like I’m shooting myself in the foot by constantly avoiding
him.”
Akechi frowns a bit, considering, “Well, if you have to work with this person at some point,
then you don’t necessarily have to have a friendly relationship with them.” A smile, realer
than his usual TV smile, twitches onto his face, “If the work is unavoidable, you can still
make their experience as unpleasant for them as possible.”
Sumire giggles, “Ah, I see. Petty revenge, then.” Akechi covers his mouth as he laughs as
well.
Sumire hums, “Do you think about these things a lot, Akechi-san? Revenge and putting up
with people, I mean,” she adds at his questioning look.
"On occasion." He says blandly, "I've worked some cases where revenge is a motive for the
culprit in the past."
Sumire presses her lips together, “What about what you think, though?”

Akechi raises an eyebrow, a pleasant smile painting his face, “What I think?"
Sumire nods awkwardly, tugging at her ponytail, "About revenge, yeah."
Akechi’s other eyebrow follows the first, smile dropping into something more neutral as he
gives her a considering look. “Hm.” He pauses, “I suppose I’ll say that I often have to work
with people that I don’t necessarily enjoy being in the company of.” He reaches a gloved
hand to readjust his fringe, “I like to deal with it in my own way.”
Sumire nods, a smile spreading on her face, “Thank you for sharing your wisdom, then.” She
gives a deep bow, “I really appreciate it, Akechi-san.”
He looks lightly amused at her gratitude, “Of course.” He says.

Chapter End Notes

Happy Halloween! Or something.
Uhhh I have nothing to say that isn't slightly spoilery, so I guess I'll just shut up lol.
In other news, Sumire being clueless and making wrong assumptions is in fact a pattern.
smh the thieves should have prepared for the possibility of timetravel better- the only
benefit Sumi's getting from the new game plus is that she's buff and got spoiled on the
final boss
___
Akechi: You don't have to turn around and dedicate your life to revenge, or anything
Sumire: So I just need to get healthy coping mechanisms like you, right?
Akechi:
Akechi: Yep.

Chapter 9
Chapter Summary

Sumire and Akechi hash some things out.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi takes a deep breath.
In.
Out.
In.
Out- He can’t keep standing in front of this door all day. It’s been a while since he’s had one
of these meetings in person, so he can hardly say he didn’t have the time to emotionally
prepare himself.
But when is he ever prepared?
Akechi, finally, raises a stiff arm and knocks on the door with a clenched hand, leather
straining around his grip.
“It’s me, sir,” He says to the door.
“Enter,” is the reply, thrown out as carelessly as one would toss trash.
Fitting, given the man speaking it.
(Or perhaps the man being spoken to?)
Akechi opens the door, coming to stand in the centre of the room a respectable distance from
the grand desk before him.
Who the fuck is he kidding? Nothing could prepare him for these conversations, so he just
grits is teeth and thinks of murder, hoping that maybe, maybe, pray to the gods he doesn’t
believe in (and would certainly never worship), that his acting skills and years of experience
at kissing ass will carry him through this.
The fucker isn’t even looking at him, and Akechi’s been standing here for at least thirty
seconds. The prick is turned in the other direction on his chair, nursing a glass of whiskey and
staring out at the city lights of Tokyo from his absurdly large floor-to-ceiling window. He

looks like he’s about to start monologuing, and Akechi knows from experience that he
probably will.
The piece of shit takes a long inhale of oxygen he doesn’t deserve, and finally turns to look at
him.
Ah. So he’s already in a bad mood.
Akechi is very well versed with the ins and outs of how Masayoshi Shido likes to conduct his
business, and he knows that damage control is already his top priority.
“What was it that you needed to speak with me about, Shido-san?” Akechi says with a
placating smile.
“Akechi.” Shido says, and ah, that’s a bad start, “I take that you heard of that… calling card
that was posted at Shujin academy. As well as the confession that followed?”
He isn’t fully drunk, not yet, but it’s enough to make Akechi tense. He doesn’t trust these
moods.
“I have.” He returns, “The police have yet to find anything concrete tying the two incidents
together, however.”
Shido scoffs, “The police. Right.” He sets his whiskey glass down on the desk with a thunk,
“You know, I checked the records, Akechi, and I was under the impression that it was you
who was initially assigned to this case.”
Akechi bites the inside of his mouth. Shit. “I was given clearance to investigate the initial
calling card, but I wasn’t part of the investigation following Kamoshida’s confession.” He
says, knowing that the perfectly reasonable explanation still won’t be enough.
“Of course.” Shido drawls, “And I suppose that’s your excuse for why there have been no
answers, for an incident that is so obviously rooted in cognitive psience?”
Akechi can think of many ways that this event could have exactly nothing to do with
cognitive psience, but he thinks voicing that would mean he’d have to apply extra makeup
tomorrow.
“I have yet to notice any changes or external influences in the other world, so far, sir. I’ll
keep you updated should I find anything.” He won’t, of course. Others having access to the
Metaverse means he isn’t unique, isn’t special, isn’t needed- And then what the hell is the
point in keeping Akechi around?
Shido sneers, “You’d better.” He leans back in his chair, “I’m putting you on this case with
the police, too. I expect results.”
Akechi just nods. Good. Good, he’s dropping the subject. He hasn’t fucked up yet. He threads
his hands together behind his back to keep them from shaking.

“You can start paying more attention in the other world, too.” Shido continues, “Okumura has
some more requests,” When the fuck does he not? Shido slides a folder forward on the desk,
“They’re in there.”
Akechi picks up the folder, and when he sees Shido pick his glass back up, he deems it safe
to flick through the first few pages. Nothing out of the ordinary- just some low-ranking
employees working for various competitors of Okumura foods. At the very least, Okumura
has gotten smarter about the kind of people he requests. There’s only so many multimillionaires that can drop dead from heart attacks without it being suspicious.
“Did he give a time frame?” Akechi asks, because Shido hasn’t dismissed him yet, but he
hasn’t deigned to continue speaking, either.
Shido waves his hand impatiently, “Just over the next few months. I trust your judgement.”
What a joke. Akechi hopes that it’s true.
“Understood, sir.” He takes a bow, assuming the meeting finished.
Shido throws back some more of his whiskey, “Dismissed.” He grunts.
Akechi bows, and turns to leave, willing himself not to flinch when Shido calls out, “And one
more thing, Akechi.”
Fucker did that on purpose. “Yes, Shido-san?”
“Madarame has been late on his payments, lately. Why don’t you remind him of what his
place is?” Shido says, turning back to survey the city lights. Is this just what he does all day?
Drink and pretend he’s a god on high? Akechi would laugh if he didn’t value his life.
“Of course, sir,” He says. instead of laughing. He turns back to the door, and leaves the diet
building as calmly and professionally as any self-respecting man with a normal meeting at
the national diet would. He was too focused on not slipping up with Shido to pay much
attention too it before, but now that he’s alone with his thoughts he can feel the hollow space
carved into his mind, left by his currently absent personas.
He doesn’t know where they go, when they do this. Maybe they’re not gone at all, and
Akechi just can’t hear them over whatever stray, shattered piece of his brain is pinging
around in his head, dislodging thoughts and memories alike into a stew of everything and
nothing that he’ll slowly drown in until Robin and Loki finally come back, and he can
pretend that everything’s okay.
When he arrives back at his apartment, Akechi makes a half-hearted effort of pencilling some
dates to start on the assignments he’s just been given, giving up when he almost falls out of
his chair drifting off.
He finally collapses onto his bed, knowing he won’t manage to sleep now that he’s actively
trying.
***

“So you have infiltrated the heart of one distorted by Vanity. Very befitting, for a thief.”
Igor has decided to skip the pleasantries, apparently. As well as giving Ren the time to stand
up before he launches into his spiel.
Ren doesn’t bother answering. He’s learned that Igor will keep talking whether he gives
feedback or not, and responding increases the chances that Caroline will try to hit him by at
least fifty percent.
“You have encountered obstacles in reality in your investigations. How will you overcome
these; I wonder? Will you give up when faced with resistance from the one you are trying to
save?”
“No.” Ren says, forgetting that he was trying to make a point of not talking, “We won’t.”
Igor just chuckles, and Caroline thankfully only gives him some side eye.
“We shall see,” Igor continues, “It seems out time is up, trickster. Until next time.”
Well, that was a fast trip to the Velvet Room. Why even bother calling him here if they were
just going to tell him things he already knows? They didn’t even talk about ruin this time.
Ren quickly grabs at the bars when he remembers that he might actually be able to make this
trip worthwhile, “Wait!”
“What?!” Caroline shouts, finally giving up on restraint to hit the bars, “We’re busy, inmate!
This better be important!” Justine just tuts under her breath, muttering something about Ren’s
insolence.
“What is the matter, trickster?” Igor says.
“Uh,” Ren starts, “I don’t really know how to explain this, but I’ve been getting, like…
visions?” The twins give him a confused look, “Is that you guys, or…” he trails off, suddenly
self-conscious.
He doesn’t trust the residents of the Velvet Room, per say, but they are his best bet into
maybe getting some answers. Maybe. They also might just be really cryptic and tell him
nothing. At the very least, he can guarantee that they won’t pester him about it later. Not out
of concern for his well-being, anyway.
“We have no such involvement in these ‘visions’, of yours, inmate.” Justine says cooly.
“What are they about?” Caroline does her best to look disinterested.
“Just,” Ren tugs on his fringe, “Little scenes of things, but they’re kind of blurry. I can
usually get the emotion of it, but I don’t have any context.”
The twins give each other a look, but remain silent. Igor laughs again, “Fascinating. Perhaps
there is more to your mind than you are aware.”

Ren frowns. He’s pretty sure someone has said that to him before, but where…?
“In any case,” Igor continues, undaunted, “I’m afraid our time is spent. Sleep well, trickster.”
Ren slips back into unconsciousness, before jolting awake in his bed, Morgana curled at his
side. He sighs, turning on his side. He has so much he needs to do, between Yusuke being a
potential obstacle (Ren really needs to find a way to solve that in the next few days) and
weird visions and dreams he can’t properly parse. It seems that ‘cryptic and telling him
nothing’ is what the Velvet Room prides itself on, he thinks, as he falls back asleep with no
more answers than before.
***
Sumire walks through the Shibuya accessway after school, and does a double take as she
spots some familiar faces.
Sumire nearly ducks behind a trash can before she realises that this is a public space and
she’s allowed to loiter. She quickly takes out her phone to pretend that she’s looking at the
blank screen, and stealthily eyes where the thieves are standing in a group, all leaning against
the railing and looking out over the city as they wait for something.
Is this really where they’re holding their meetings right now? Well, hiding in plain sight,
Sumire guesses. There is something to be said for that, but considering that all the major
brains of the thieves are not currently members of the group, she thinks that maybe there
wasn’t actually that much thought put into the decision.
Sumire adjusts her act from ‘checking notifications’ to ‘scrolling through socials’ as she
spends a little longer standing in one place, watching the thieves in the corner of her eye.
The thieves all push off the wall with some shouts of greeting as Sumire sees Yusuke
approach them. Huh. She was right, then, in assuming that Yusuke would join to target
Madarame. It wasn’t a difficult guess, but she feels proud at her deduction, nonetheless.
This does mean that the thieves have begun infiltrating another palace, though. She was able
to follow them into Kamoshida’s palace since the location saved itself on her phone when she
followed them in to get the Nav, but she doesn’t have any such luck for this time.
Maybe she should try that again, then? But she’d have to be careful, since she might be
tailing them for a while- she doesn’t have any idea how far away Madarame’s palace is from
here. It’d probably be similar to when she followed the thieves into Sae’s palace, and Sumire
remembers that being pretty difficult.
She could also just guess the keywords? But that might take a while. She doesn’t know much
about Madarame, either, so she’d just be taking a bunch of shots in the dark.
Well, Sumire thinks as she finally puts her phone away, she can think about that once she
finally gains an ally in Akechi. She feels like she’s close to finding him -by no tangible
evidence other than an optimistic feeling- and she can’t help wanting to prioritise that over
stalking her peers.

***
Almost a week after dealing with him, Akechi finally dives back into Mementos to start on
his new assignments. Alongside the trickle of psychotic breakdowns that he’s been given, he
was informed of two possible liabilities to the conspiracy that he needs to interrogate for
information.
He already dealt with Madarame. Sent the coward running to the farthest reaches of his own
palace after giving him a good scare, so Akechi’s pretty sure that he won’t be a problem in
reality for now.
Akechi breathes in deep, sending Robin to the forefront of his mind to scan for where the
shadows he needs are, coming up with relatively favourable results. The two he needs to
interrogate are fairly high up, with the one due for a break noticeably further down. That’s
fine. He’d intended to do that one last anyway- he’s never quite in a state to do anything other
than drag himself back to his apartment after he lets Loki do his work.
Setting off into the depths, Akechi doesn’t bother dealing with the shadows that cower from
him in the top levels, sending the occasional warning Laevateinn in the direction of anything
that gets too curious.
He’s made it halfway down the second area of the cognitive depths when Robin tugs urgently
at his subconscious. Odd. Usually he keeps to himself, so trying to ping him like this must
meanOh.
Shit.
That’s certainly new. And either Akechi has just lucked out, or he’s facing a problem he isn’t
sure how to solve.
Murder usually does the trick, he’s found, but this one might actually put up a fight. His lip
curls in a smirk at the thought.
In the layer above him, Akechi can feel the ping of something distinctly not a shadow. He’s
never felt the presence of another human in Mementos before, and that weird flower kid
always just registered as ‘what’, so Akechi assumes that the thing above him is, in fact,
another person. Likely a persona user, if they’ve made it this far down without being
eviscerated by shadows.
Lucky him.
Figuring he’s not in too much danger of the reaper showing up just yet, Akechi folds his arms
and stands his ground, waiting for the signal to make its way down to where he is.
After a minute or two, he hears someone shouting. They’re likely actually bothering to fight
the shadows in this area, then. Even while standing completely still, Akechi has fostered

enough of a reputation to scare off the weaklings; a fact which he takes great pride in, hearing
someone else having to fight their way through.
He sees a flash of red, as the person finally stumbles into view, and“Akechi-san!”
He didn’t account for this. This is absurd, of all people“Loki,” Akechi growls, immediately drawing both his gun and sword, “Laevateinn.”
Yoshizawa yelps as she just manages to dodge out of the way of the blade that crashes into
the train tracks below. Akechi should have seen this coming- she did have an ulterior motive
for approaching him. He should have been more careful“Megidolaon!” He shouts, Loki cackling above him.
“Wait!” Yoshizawa calls, “Wait, C- Akechi-san, I just need to talk-” she’s cut off as she gets
hit with the full force of the spell, her knees buckling.
Fuck, Shido probably sent her or something. Maybe this is his way of finally getting rid of
Akechi, while showing off his fancy new weapon to rub it in. He can’t say he isn’t surprised.
The thought brings a laugh spilling over his lips as Yoshizawa rights herself again.
She hasn’t even tried fighting back. Pathetic. Shido really shouldn’t have underestimated him
if he thinks that whatever cognitive psience bullshit he threw into this girl is enough to best
him.
“I’m sorry about this, but I really just need to talk to you!” She shouts, and, oh, that’s sweet
that she thinks she can lie to him, “Ella, Kougaon!” She finally shouts.
Damnit, bless, really?
He collapses onto his knees as the spell connects, and she takes the opening to heal herself.
Does this girl really have no battle sense? She isn’t even trying. Akechi’s face twists into a
snarl as he hauls himself back to his feet.
Well, at least she’s tipped her hand, “Eigaon!” Akechi screams, returning the favour as
Yoshizawa gets downed by the attack. He follows it up with another Laevateinn, clicking his
tongue when she once again takes the time to heal herself as she gets back up. This is going
nowhere.
They both trade weakness blows back and forth, playing the battle of attrition and neither
gaining any ground. At this rate, the reaper will show up and kill them both. He needs to end
this quickly.
You could always retreat.
No. He needs information out of her first.

YOU COULD GIVE YOURSELF A BOOST.
Not happening either. He’d probably just end up killing her before he can properly question
her. Not to mention how he wouldn’t be able to question her in that state even if she isn’t
dead.
You have my power for a reason, Bird. I implore that you use it.
DO YOU TRULY HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO WIN THIS FIGHT? I AM CLEARLY
THE SUPERIOR CHOICE.
Now is not the time for brute force. She has already revealed her weakness and I am
able to exploit it.
YOU CAN’T FINISH THE JOBIt is not a matter of“Fuck it.” Akechi hisses, “Robin Hood!” He changes his stance, swiping at Yoshizawa when
she gets too close with her rapier.
Changing personas immediately works in his favour, as Yoshizawa lets her guard down in
shock as Robin materialises, tall and proud, replacing where Loki had been hovering.
She looks like she’s about to try and say something, before Akechi cuts her off, “Mudoon!”
He shouts again, letting Robin loose an arrow.
Yoshizawa crumples to the ground, fully downed from the spell. Akechi pounces, pinning her
properly to the ground and pressing his sword against her throat.
She chokes, going stiff in her panic, “Wait!” she squeaks, “Akechi-san, I’m not trying to hurt
you!”
“Bullshit,” He growls, “Do you work for him? I didn’t expect him to start up that little project
again, but here you are.”
“What are you talking about?!” Yoshizawa says hurriedly, pulling away from his sword as
much as she can, hitting her head against the train tracks.
“Did you have fun?” Akechi spits, “Playing me for a fool? Congratulations, I fell for your
ditzy jock act. Too bad you can’t take me in a fight.” He laughs, feeling an edge of hysteria
creep in.
“Huh?!” Yoshizawa gapes at him, “Nonono, no, I wasn’t lying about anything in the real
world!” She coughs up the sentence in one breath, “I’m really not trying to fight you, I just
knew you would deny it if I didn’t speak to you about all this in the Metaverse! I don’t work
for anyone!” She adds quickly as Akechi starts to push his sword a little closer to her neck.
“Then what the fuck are you doing here?!” Akechi hisses. ‘Shouldn’t be a problem’ his ass,
he never should have let himself get closer to her. He should have just brushed her off when

she asked to talk- it was too convenient, he should have fucking known“I need your help!” Yoshizawa shouts, and Akechi pauses, “You’re my friend, and I need
your help, and you’re the only one who knows about this place that I can talk to, and I have
no idea what you’re talking about!”
Akechi tilts his head as Yoshizawa gives him a pleading look.
Maybe.
Maybe, Yoshizawa is like him. And a mysterious app downloaded on her phone one day. And
she panicked when she was thrown into a strange other world. And, maybe, she awakened to
a persona. And, maybe, just maybe, she saw him in the Metaverse at some point while she
was investigating this strange place further, and decided to try and gain his trust.
Maybe she just needs help, and doesn’t know what he is and what he does.
Maybe she doesn’t work for him.
Maybe he’s still safe.
Akechi stops pinning her to the ground, and stands back up. He hears her breathe a sigh of
relief as the sword is removed from her neck.
She yelps as Akechi throws one of the revival beads he never uses at her head when she can’t
sit back up. “Get up.” He says curtly. “Quickly. The reaper is going to show up if you take
too long.”
“R-right!” Yoshizawa breathes as she crushes the bead in her hand, the green light healing
some of her wounds.
He turns away from her in the direction of the exit to the tunnels. “Come on. We can continue
this when we get out of here.”
She hurriedly gets to her feet, and takes a bow. “Thank you, Akechi-san.”
“Do you ever shut up? Get moving.” He growls, thoroughly out of patience for her whole
shtick.
Yoshizawa, inexplicably, smiles at that. “Right, got it,” She says, clearly supressing a laugh
as she trails behind him.
***
Of all the scenarios Sumire considered of how finding Akechi in the Metaverse might go, she
really didn’t expect it to end with a sword to her throat as she hurriedly tried to explain that
she really is just trying to be his friend.
Well. That wasn’t quite the angle she took, instead playing up the fact that she needs help.
She figured that he might be more receptive to that, rather than just ‘I want to be friends’,

and, well, she had a sword at her neck.
So, now, following an Akechi who isn’t bothering to hide how pissed he is at her, Sumire
considers why this went so wrong.
At least he didn’t kill her. She thinks he definitely could have, if he wanted to.
“Let’s go to the diner in on Central Street.” Akechi says suddenly, “People won’t bother us
while we have a table there, and there’s enough background noise that our conversation won’t
be overheard.”
“Right,” Sumire responds quickly. She’s relieved that Akechi has deemed her not worth the
TV act at this point- small mercies. It would definitely be a bit awkward if he reverted to all
sparkles and pretty smiles after he almost slit her throat.
She’s probably going to be remembering that one for a while, huh.
She’s glad that Akechi is finally acting like himself, though. Even if that includes him
treating her like a nuisance.
Akechi lets Sumire walk up the stairs to the diner, making an ‘after you’ gesture with his arm,
piercing her with an unimpressed glare when she looks surprised. She sits down at a booth
towards the back of the room, Akechi following suit, and they sit in uncomfortable silence
until a waiter takes their orders and leaves them in peace.
Akechi makes no move to start the conversation, instead choosing to give Sumire a death
glare while she shifts in her seat uncomfortably.
“So, um,” She finally starts, and Akechi raises an eyebrow, “You’re probably wondering how
I got access to the Metaverse.” That should be a good place to begin, right? That seems to be
why he’s most on edge.
“That would be lovely, yes.” He says flatly. Sumire thinks that the only reason he isn’t full on
growling at her is because they’re in public.
“Right, well…” Shit, she probably should have thought this through. Which truth to tell?
“You remember how we were um, ‘hypothetically’ discussing the phantom thieves?” He
nods, “Well, I sort of followed them into the Metaverse one day, and I ended up getting a
persona.” A mix of both truths- so not quite lying. Mostly.
Akechi sighs, “Are you telling me that there’s more than just you running around in there?
And the Phantom Thieves really are more than just an attention-seeking coincidence?” He
looks like he’s combating a migraine, and Sumire winces in sympathy.
“Yeah…” she says. “I got the Nav after going to the Metaverse just once, but I don’t know
how the Thieves got it.”
Akechi narrows his eyes. “You make it sound as though you aren’t one of them.”

“Oh!” Sumire jumps, “That’s because I didn’t join them. They never saw me enter the
Metaverse, and they don’t know I have a persona.”
Akechi sighs again, leaning forward on his elbows to place his head in his hands, “Care to
explain why?”
“Um,” Sumire blanches, “Do I need a reason other than I panicked?”
“Well,” Akechi sits back up, “You are apparently seeking an ally in me- presumably after you
spotted me at some point in the Metaverse.” Sumire nods, “Yet you already know the
identities of another group of persona users, who would certainly be much easier to get a hold
of than a minor celebrity. I assume that the thieves are some of your peers, correct?”
Sumire tugs on her ponytail. That… is pretty sound logic, actually. “You’re asking why I
want your help rather than theirs?”
Akechi nods, and narrows his eyes further.
“Well,” She smiles tentatively, “Even though I may have had some ulterior motives in
approaching you, I really wasn’t lying when I talked about how we could be friends.”
“Alright.” Akechi concedes, “That’s your excuse for why you were willing to seek me out. It
does not, however, explain why that ruled out the thieves in the first place.”
Sumire rolls her lips together. “Right. Do you remember when I talked about some people
that I’ve been holding a bit of a grudge with?”
Akechi’s eyes widen, and a smirk dances onto his lips, “I see. So you discover that someone
who has wronged you in the past has access to some strange other world, panic, and seek me
out instead when you discover I have access to the same place.” He scoffs. “Sure. We’ll go
with that.”
Sumire nods gratefully. “Thank you so much, Akechi-san.” She does as much of a bow as she
can sitting down.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and Sumire giggles behind her hand. This is definitely more familiar.
“So um,” She continues, “You have more than one persona?”
Akechi stills, eyes flicking down, “I do.”
“Wow!” She exclaims, “That’s impressive!” She laughs again as he gives her an exasperated
look.
“It’s not anything I can teach you, if that’s what you’re wondering.” Akechi folds his arms,
“It’s just inherent, I believe.”
“Oh, I didn’t want you to teach me or anything,” Sumire shakes her head, “I really do just
think that it’s pretty amazing.” She frowns, “But that must get pretty loud, though. Ella’s
always making quips in my head.”

An unreadable expression passes across Akechi’s face before a sharp grin covers it up, “Oh,
certainly. Menaces, the both of them.” He winces as presumably his personas rush to object
to that statement.
Sumire tries to temper her massive grin. The expression quickly slips from her face as she
remembers some more of their earlier encounter.
“You thought that I was working for someone, when we talked in Mementos,” Sumire says
slowly, “Is there someone else that knows about that place? Are you in danger?” She asks
worriedly as his expression grows more pinched.
“I assure you that neither you, nor I, are in any particular danger in the Metaverse aside from
any preexisting threats and possibly the thieves.” He rolls his shoulders, “I was just being
paranoid.”
Sumire frowns, not convinced, “If we’re going to be allies going forward,” she begins, “Then
we can tell each other things, right? You can trust me.” She adds with a small smile.
Akechi looks at her like she’s gone insane. Which, okay, she probably should have expected
this kind of reaction from him. “I don’t recall ever agreeing to be your ‘ally’, or whatever it is
you’re trying to achieve.” He crosses his legs and leans back against the booth seat,
“Personally, I think that we should go our separate ways, forget this ever happened, and
ignore each other should we ever cross paths in the Metaverse again.” He runs a hand through
his hair, “We’re at a relative stalemate, since any attempts to out the other as a persona user
or someone with access to the cognitive world would also mean we reveal ourselves as
someone with the same ability.”
***
Yoshizawa pouts at his explanation. What, was she expecting him to say ‘yes’, and then
they’d both run off holding hands into the sunset?
“Need I remind you,” Akechi continues as Yoshizawa tries to formulate a counter, “That
while I am clearly withholding information from you, your story still contains multiple
holes?” She winces, “I have no reason to trust you, Yoshizawa-san, and you have no reason
to trust me.”
She purses her lips together. “What if…” she gets a calculating gleam in her eye, “What if we
established a partnership?”
Is this her big counter? Akechi scoffs, “Did I not just explain to you that I don’t want to be
your friend?”
“Well,” She falters, “That… remains to be seen.” She settles on, “But that’s not what I mean,
anyway.” She straightens her back like a businesswoman making an offer, “We don’t have to
be unconditional allies. We could have something where we trade information, and don’t get
in each other’s way in the Metaverse, but help each other out if we need it.”

“So you’re offering a deal where we still keep secrets, but offer bits of information when
asked for the right price.” Akechi drawls. He sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose,
“Yoshizawa, I can already tell that you’re just saying this to get my cooperation to then
immediately turn this into what you wanted anyway.”
She tucks a strand of hair behind her ear sheepishly, “Is it working?”
Yes, but he’s not telling her that. Truthfully, Akechi has been thoroughly intrigued by
Yoshizawa these past few weeks. She seemed to have perfectly innocent intentions on the
surface, but Akechi could sense that she was fishing for something from him. Some of that
curiosity has been sated by her outing herself as a fellow persona user, but questions still
remain- and even more come to take the place of those that have been answered.
Akechi likes to consider himself a man with great self-control. And in most aspects of his
life, he is. He has excellent patience, and if he can wait a minute he can wait a lifetime. He’s
in no rush to achieve his goals- he knows how to play the long game, has for a long time.
But that’s only half the picture.
The other part of Akechi is a desperate, ravenous urge of impulse. He wants to know and
learn everything he can about anything he can comprehend, then throw it all into chaos and
learn it all again. When something catches his interest, it’s an obsessive itch that he needs to
sate, and it’s damn hard to ignore.
It is safe to say that these two aspects of himself often clash in uncomfortable ways.
And it leads back to his curiosity about one Sumire Yoshizawa. The fact that he’s even
entertaining Yoshizawa with this conversation is testament to which side of him has won out.
He probably should have just killed her when he had the chance.
He gives a dramatic sigh, threading his fingers together, “What kind of information would
you even want from me anyway?”
She seems to consider that, “Well, you definitely know more about the Metaverse than me,
and I’m honestly kind of lost about the whole thing.” She gives a nod, clearly satisfied about
her on-the-spot bullshitting, “So you could teach me more about how it all works!”
“Uh huh.” Akechi deadpans, unimpressed, “And what kind of information could you offer to
me?”
Yoshizawa bites her lip, “Um… well, you’re curious about the Phantom Thieves, right?”
Akechi gives a begrudging nod, “I could tell you more about what they’re up to?”
Shit. It’s not a good deal. It’s not. But, fuck, he wants to knowJUST TAKE THE DEAL.
It seems as though that is the option that will lead you to be the most satisfied.

Fucking fine.
“Fine,” Akechi hisses, offering his left hand over the table, “It’s a deal.”
Yoshizawa brightens immediately, and takes his hand in an enthusiastic handshake.
And the world cracksI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Magician arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
And settles back into place.
What, Akechi thinks, eloquently, as he regains control over his thoughts, the fuck.
Yoshizawa lets go of his hand, seemingly oblivious to the echoing voice of a child declaring
some bullshit- Akechi’s honestly afraid to ask. Maybe he’s finally lost it. It would be a long
time coming, frankly.
YOU LOST IT A LONG TIME AGO.
Also true.
“Should we start on our deal now?” Yoshizawa snaps him out of his spiralling, “I can tell you
something about the thieves, and you can tell me a little more about whoever it is that you
think has access to the Metaverse?”
Akechi sighs, drawing himself back together, “Alright. There is someone who did a lot of
research on cognitive psience at one point. Essentially, the psience of the Metaverse and how
it functions in a logical sense.” He offers at Yoshizawa’s questioning look. “My first
assumption upon seeing you in the Metaverse was that they may have continued their
research without my knowledge, to which I panicked. Is that satisfactory?”
Yoshizawa nods, processing the information. “Hm.” She tilts her head in thought, “What do
you want to know about the Thieves?”
Akechi sighs. Fair’s fair, he won’t ask anything too big in recompense for his measly bit of
information. Though, Yoshizawa has terrible business sense, so he can probably push it.
“How many members are there? And who are they targeting next, if you know?” He can ask
for their identities later, or figure it out on his own. He already has a lot of parameters to
work with, so it definitely wouldn’t be too hard.
“There are five members right now.” Yoshizawa says, “And I know that they’re targeting the
artist Madarame next. I, uh, overheard them.” She offers unnecessarily.

Madarame? Shit. Shido won’t be happy. But there’s also not a lot he can do short of straight
up killing them. He’ll have to play it by ear.
“Right. Thank you, Yoshizawa-san.” She beams in response.
“Of course! Happy to be working with you Akechi-san.”
He sighs. He’s definitely in it now, huh?
***
When Akechi finally goes to sleep after what could possibly be the longest day of his life,
he’s really not surprised when his rest is interrupted by the crisp ringing of a judge’s hammer.
“My, my. This is certainly an unexpected turn of events.” Igor’s voice echoes throughout the
courtroom.
Buns slams her baton against the ground, “You made a bond, defendant!” She shouts, “That
was the one thing we told you to be careful about!”
“Indeed,” Igor continues before Akechi can get a word in edgewise, “The Magician; upright,
it can represent new beginnings and opportunities, as well as determination and the use of
resources at one’s disposal. Reversed, it can represent deceit, confusion, and ill intent.” The
card manifests in his hand, hovering in space. “The Magician is a guide. But where will it
lead, I wonder? Be careful, trickster- bonds only serve to restrain you in your journey to avert
ruin. Take care, lest they chain you to lessor purposes.”
Akechi sees in the corner of his eye, that while Buns is nodding enthusiastically to Igor’s
spiel, Braids has a small frown twist onto her face as the man continues.
“Right.” Akechi eventually responds, not bothering to play along to all their posturing.
“Heed our master’s words, defendant,” Braids says, recollecting herself, “It is imperative that
you do not stray from your path.”
Akechi doesn’t respond this time, already feeling the pull back to reality.
“Until we meet again,” Igor says as Akechi’s vision fades.
In the space between reality and not, Akechi thinks. He was hesitant in making that deal with
Yoshizawa- he doesn’t like the implications of power that she may now hold over him. But,
in their deal, does he not hold the same power over her?
It is, at least, mutually assured destruction should it all go to hell.
But maybe it doesn’t have to be.
Akechi is nothing if not spiteful. So, if some otherworldly beings are going to tell him that
someone only has ill intentions towards him, well- he isn’t going to give Yoshizawa his full
and immediate trust or anything, but it can’t hurt to maybe try to see this through.

He doesn’t have to sabotage this.
Maybe he can see how forging a bond will go.
He won’t stray from the path he has chosen, but perhaps he can use Yoshizawa to get along
the path a little faster.

Chapter End Notes

(akihiko voice) I've been waiting for this
In all seriousness- finally!
In regards to Akechi's social links/confidants, I'm not going to do every possible arcana,
because I would die, and the other main characters need to stay relavent lol. If I did all
22 this would very quickly turn into "Akechi ranks up confidants and Sumire and Ren
are here also" which. I mean.
As for who gets to have an arcana? We shall see :)
As for Ren's confidants, there are a couple that will get some attention (guess which
ones lol), but other than that, just assume that Ren has excellent time management and is
speedrunning all his friendships at maximum efficieny.
I will be keeping track of all the relavent ones in these notes, though:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician rank 1
___
Sumire: Hello Akechi-san, I was wondering ifAkechi: Teammates?! Friends?! To hell with-

Chapter 10
Chapter Summary

Akechi realises he might have started a chain reaction, Sumire takes advantage of her
new deal, and Ren prepares.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“This case is absurd.”
“I agree, Sae-san.”
“It’s completely ridiculous. I can’t believe the director thought this was a good idea.”
“Absolutely, Sae-san.”
“It’s not even considered a real case yet, and he’s still wasting our time with this.”
“Mmhm.”
“It’s,” Sae pauses, turning to look at Akechi properly, “Are you even listening, Akechi-kun?”
Akechi tries to hide his smirk. He must fail, because Sae glares at him, “Of course I am, Saesan. I just thought it might be a bad idea to interrupt you.”
The two of them are walking through central street, making their way to the conveyor belt
sushi place that they usually frequent. The director recently assigned the two of them to the
unofficial Phantom Thieves case- an act which has thoroughly pissed off the both of them;
Sae, because it is, at this point, a colossal waste of time, and Akechi, because this is yet
another case where he now has to tread the thin line of ‘making connections within the case’
without revealing any information at all.
He has to do that with a lot of his cases. It’s starting to get a bit dull.
Sae rolls her eyes, “I see that this isn’t bothering you.”
“Of course it is. I just believe that you’re complaining enough for the both of us.” Akechi
says. And also because if he lets himself start complaining, they’re going to be here all week.
And because it’s very funny to rile Sae up.
Sae huffs, “If you don’t have anything valuable say…”

“Of course I don’t.” Akechi deadpans, allowing himself to indulge a bit, “And neither do you,
because this case is a fruitless endeavour with the information available to us.”
Sae snorts at that, “We’re in agreement then. We can at least review the facts over dinner,
though.”
Akechi nods, satisfied at the prospect of free food. He thinks that Sae’s a bit of a cheapskate
for limiting the both of them to just conveyor sushi, but he’ll take what he can get.
The two arrive in the restaurant, taking a seat in one of the booths and spreading their files
over the table. Sae clicks her tongue at the grand total of two pieces of information they have
to work with. A photo of the calling card, and transcripts of the various interrogations that
Kamoshida has undergone after his arrest.
“I truly have no idea why the director is wasting everyone’s time with this.” Sae mutters to
herself.
Akechi would agree with her, if he didn’t know exactly why the director is wasting their time
with this. Likely, Shido gave him the order to pour some resources into investigating, because
the bald fuck is convinced that the Phantom Thieves have something to do with cognitive
psience, and as such is acting paranoid.
He’s right, technically, but it doesn’t stop Akechi from gripping his chopsticks a little too
hard from supressed frustration.
It also doesn’t stop him from worrying about the implications of all this.
Between Yoshizawa and the thieves, an alarming number of people have all gained access to
the Metaverse at once. Akechi got the Nav nearly three years ago, so why are new people
suddenly getting it only now? Is there even a pattern to it? Akechi wasn’t anyone that could
be considered ‘special’ before he awakened his persona, so there’s already no precedent for
unique requirements, but it still irks him that a bunch of random high schoolers have
stumbled into this power on a whim.
Akechi grips the chopsticks a little harder.
And, speak of the devil- a text buzzes on Akechi’s phone. He sighs; it’s Yoshizawa, sending
him an inane text about her day. She’s been doing that a lot ever since their deal, just sending
a bunch of unnecessary quips and photos. Akechi can only brush her off so many times
without possibly putting their deal in jeopardy, so he shoots off a text that could be read as
‘interested’ and puts his phone back down to look over the files once more.
Akechi notices Sae giving him a look out of the corner of his eye.
“You didn’t look very happy to get that text.” Sae comments with no particular intonation.
“Ah, my apologies,” Akechi says with a placating smile, “I didn’t mean to get distracted from
work- it won’t happen again.”

Sae gives a weary sigh, “That isn’t what I meant, Akechi-kun.” She straightens some of the
papers, and Akechi resists the urge to roll his eyes, “I just meant that I’ve never seen you get
a non-work-related text message before.”
Akechi shoves his phone into his pocket, “How are you so sure that it wasn’t for work, Saesan?”
“Because you never react to more work,” Sae says with a smug air, and, oh, doesn’t she think
she’s clever- “You always look like you’re smiling for an interview crowd whenever I or
anyone else gives you something to do, so this must be something else.”
Akechi actually rolls his eyes this time. Oh well, Sae can deal with some sass. “You’ve been
cataloguing my facial expressions, then?”
“There’s not a lot to catalogue.” She returns with equal sass, “So is that a friend, then?”
Akechi internally prepares himself for a long interrogation. Sae is almost as persistent as he
is. But the mother-henning would be better spent on Sae’s actual sister, he thinks.
“It was.” Akechi stiffly admits, hoping that maybe honesty will get her to leave him alone,
“I’ve made an acquaintance, recently. They seem to enjoy taking up my time.”
Sae hums, “Well, it’s good to see you make some actual friends your age. I was starting to get
worried.”
Is it your business? Akechi thinks, “And why is that, Sae-san?” he says pleasantly.
Sae gives him a confused look, “Why wouldn’t I be? You’re a teenager working for the
police, and I’ve never seen you interact with anyone other than co-workers.”
A misplaced sense of maternal instinct and guilt, then. Akechi can work with that, “I assure
you that I can take care of myself.”
“You’ve said that before,” Sae says, and must she look so smug? “As independent as you are,
Akechi-kun, surely it isn’t that insulting to have someone worry about you.” Akechi’s silence
while he tries to formulate a rebuttal must be very telling, because her eyes widen, “Really?
You don’t ever complain when I take you out for sushi, and that’s my way of making sure
you actually eat something.”
Akechi probably should have figured out that Sae had an ulterior motive for giving him free
food earlier. Clever- he can’t stay too mad. “It’s mostly a game to see if I can ever convince
you to take me out for some proper sushi for once.” He admits.
Sae chuckles at that, “Well, you’ll have to play the game a while longer, then. I can’t afford
the good stuff.”
Akechi finds himself laughing as well, to his annoyance. Of all his co-workers, Sae is the
only one he actually respects. It helps that he finds her tolerable in conversation, tooThe world cracks-

I am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Moon arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Ah.
So that wasn’t just a one-off, was it?
Damn.
“Well,” Sae gestures vaguely to the scattered paper across the table, “I don’t think we’re
going to make any more progress with this. We may as well call it a day.”
Akechi shakes himself out of it, and nods, “Right. I’ll see you later, then.”
Apparently these bonds are not something he can make a choice in; Akechi thinks as he starts
his commute back to his apartment. He didn’t even initiate a deal this time, just felt
something bordering fond towards the prosecutor and suddenly the universe decided that was
important. Even ‘bordering fond’ is pushing it, really- he was thinking about how he tolerates
her when the bond formed.
Maybe it’s to do with trust? As much as he insists that he doesn’t trust Yoshizawa, he did
certainly give her something resembling it when they made their deal. And with Sae, he
didn’t fight her as hard as he could have on her prying. Is that trust? He doesn’t think so. So
what is it, then?
Maybe it’s random, he thinks with a stab of annoyance. Of course supernatural bullshit would
have a different prerequisite for every time it activates.
He has two of these bonds now, though. And considering that they only exist as an echoing
voice in his head, he doesn’t think he can just get rid of them as he would a piece of trash.
Akechi sighs. In for a penny, in for a pound. He may as well see where this leads.
A sunk cost.
A SLIPPERY SLOPE.
Time will tell.
***
Haru hums, surveying the garden space before them. Sumire tries to spot where she’s staring
at, to no avail.

“I think I’m actually going to be glad when we downsize the garden,” Haru confesses,
tugging off her gardening gloves, “All this work for just two people is starting to be a lot,
especially now that the garden is doing so well.”
Sumire nods wearily, trying not to feel her scraped elbows and knees from how much she was
splayed on the ground, picking out weeds, “I think I agree…”
Haru giggles, “Well, at least we’re done for today.” She picks up her bag, moving to sit on
one of the benches to the side. Sumire follows suit, taking out her lunch from her bag. She
takes a quick photo of it and sends it off to Akechi, immediately getting left on read. She
stifles a laugh- she never had this kind of familiarity with Akechi last time, but now that he’s
one of her few friends, and the only person who she can talk to about the Metaverse, she’s
been bothering him all the time for things that aren’t even necessarily relevant.
It might be her desperate attempt to lessen the gap between herself and the detective, by
forcefully making herself a part of his day. She isn’t sure if it’s working, but until Akechi
snaps and tells her to piss off, she’ll keep at it.
“Who are you texting, Sumi-chan?” Haru asks, taking a bite of her own lunch.
“Oh, I just made a new friend.” Sumire says, letting a smile properly take her face, “I
reconnected with him, recently, so I’ve been, well,” she shrugs sheepishly, “Making sure he
doesn’t forget about me, I guess.”
Haru laughs, “You seem close, then.”
Sumire blinks, “Oh, not really,” certainly not now. She hopes so, though, in the future. “We,
well, we sort of have to be friends, right now- for both our sakes,” She winces slightly at how
impersonal that sounds, “I think he’s trying to stay professional, but I’m not very good at
that.”
Haru looks slightly perplexed, “I guess I don’t know that much about making friends,” she
jumps, “Oh! I’m sorry, that sounded really sad. I didn’t mean to bring down the mood.”
Sumire shakes her head, and smiles, “It’s alright, Haru-senpai. And you have at least some
friendship experience- you have me.”
Haru smiles in return, “Thank you, Sumi-chan.” She sighs. “In truth, you’re actually the first
friend that I’ve had in a while. Or ever, really,” she tucks some of her hair behind her ear
awkwardly, “We’ve talked about it before, but I’m sort of wary about making friends because
of my family.”
Sumire nods for her to go on, and she smiles gratefully, “Most of my friends in elementary
school were either the children of my father’s business partners, or they would find out I was
rich and start asking me for things unprompted, or their parents would ask for me to ‘put in a
good word’.” She huffs, and looks down at her knees, “So I suppose from then onwards I just
assumed that when anyone would find out who my family is, they would only want to be my
friend for what was in it for them.”

Sumire presses her lips together, “That sounds lonely…”
Haru gives a sad smile, “It is, isn’t it? I guess I’m jealous that you seem so good at making
friends everywhere you go. I’ve seen you talk with some of the second years and Niijima-san
a lot, and now your new friend you were texting earlier.”
Sumire chokes a laugh, “I’m definitely not as good at making friends as you think I am,
senpai.”
Haru gives a teasing laugh, “Really? It seems to me like you have a whole crowd!”
Sumire pulls at her ponytail, “I really just got lucky all those times,” Already knowing what a
person is like does wonders for first impressions, Sumire has found, “When my sister was
still alive, she was basically my only friend. Any friends that I made were because Kasumi
was already friends with them, and even then they were only really talking to me because I
was always with Kasumi.” She gives a helpless shrug, “Most of my classmates don’t really
like me, either. I can’t seem to do anything right with my honours status; if I accept all the
benefits, I’m ‘acting like I’m above them’, or ‘getting unfair treatment’,” she huffs, “But
even if I don’t, then I’m ‘trying too hard’, and I’m still ‘acting like I’m above them’…”
Haru tilts her head, humming, “There’s a social phenomenon that I’ve heard of- it’s called
‘tall poppy syndrome’.” Sumire cocks her head in a gesture to continue, “It’s basically the
urge to ‘mow down’ any ‘tall poppies’ in society; when someone is noticeably unique or
above average, people will try to drag them back down to slot into the norm. That kind of
sounds like what’s happening with you, Sumi-chan.”
Sumire gives a weak laugh, “Does that phenomenon come with the knowledge on how to
make it better?”
Haru smiles, “Not really, no. It’s kind of just a facet of society, I think. The sky is blue, the
grass is green, and sometime people are like this.”
Sumire sighs, “Sometimes I wish they weren’t. It’s kind of a lot.”
Haru nods, “I sometimes wish the same. But…” she sighs.
“But?”
“I think that for people to ‘not be like this’, there would be a lot of things that we’d have to
change about humanity as a whole, and I’m not sure it’d be worth it.” Haru says
contemplatively, poking at her lunch.
Sumire’s eyes widen, and she thinks about wishes and ideal realities, of people remodelled to
fit a better standard- personalities exchanged for something more palatable.
“Right,” She says, voice suddenly firm, “If you take away jealousy, then you’d probably have
to take out ambition, too. And if you take away greed, then would people only wish for the
bare minimum? Where would the line be if you weren’t allowed to wish for too much?”
Haru giggles into her hand, “You sound like you’ve thought about this a lot.”

Sumire flushes, “I’ve just had some reason to think about it before.” She hates how easy it
was to fall back into wishing things were easier.
She’s supposed to be better than this- especially now that she’s actually managed to do
something with her future-knowledge.
(The part of her where Ella sits reminds her that she’s still allowed to be angry, when things
are unfair,
She accepts the reminder graciously, still not quite shaking the slimy feeling she gets when
she thinks a little too hard about Maruki’s reality.)
“I’ve thought about that kind of thing before as well- though mostly just in passing.” Haru
says, as the bell for next period rings throughout the school, “Ah, but maybe next time.”
Sumire nods, saying her goodbyes, and heads back to class.
***
Four days after Akechi initially made his deal with Yoshizawa, he heads back to Mementos to
start on the targets he was interrupted on. He’ll just do the interrogations today- he’s in a rare,
good mood and doesn’t feel like ruining it.
His instructions are to ask each of them if they’re hiding any particular information from the
larger conspiracy in the real world. These kinds of check-ups are pretty common, as a
conglomerate group of power-hungry egomaniacs is likely to collapse in on itself when
people take turns backstabbing and betraying the larger cause. Or, more accurately, betraying
the head of the cause- any other self-sabotage is almost actively encouraged.
All this to say that Shido likes assurance, and the cognitive world can give it to him. Those
below him can trade and deal as they please, so long as he remains unaffected.
The first guy was a bust. Just kept rambling about how much he hates one of his co-workers,
no secrets to be found other than a miniature soap opera unfolding in some guy’s workplace.
Akechi pulls open the second distortion to try for round two, stepping through with practiced
calm.
“Kaito Takahashi,” Akechi calls out into the carved space of conscious.
“Who- who are you?!” Takahashi’s shadow hisses, whirling around, “The black mask! Have
you come for me as well?” The shadow starts to bubble pre-emptively, steaming at the edges.
Akechi holds up his hands in a placating gesture, “Now, Takahashi-san, let’s not jump to
conclusions.” He squats in front of the shadow, resting his chin against his hand, “I’m just
here for a chat. Your boss wants to know if you’ve been hiding anything.”
Unfortunately, said boss never tells Akechi what he’s looking for. The logic there seems to be
that if a shadow is actively hiding something, they’ll spill whether they’re asked directly or

not; and if they don’t spill, then Akechi will never know what the problem may have been in
the first place.
A lovely restriction of information. And a real pain in the ass.
A cackle spills from the shadow’s lips, “I see. He wants to know how the research is going,
huh? He already knows that we aren’t getting anywhere!”
Akechi freezes, a sense of dread prickling where his personas hide, “Research?” He says
flatly.
“I’m at the top, you know?” The shadow drawls, “The only one in my field left- Shido got rid
of everyone else, and now I’m the last man standing! It means I have to be special, right?”
Akechi nods numbly, “Right.”
“Cognitive psience is a field filled to the brim with potential!” The shadow continues, and
Akechi digs one of his gauntlets into his leg, “But Shido won’t give us anything to work with!
I read that old research from a few years back, but he won’t even let us try to make the same
conditions- if we could get a hold of the subject they used for all that -or found some new
one- then we could actually start making some strides!” The shadow’s face twists into a
snarl, “But all we get are unreasonable demands to ‘make progress’ when we barely get
enough funding to scrape by!”
Somewhere, Akechi thinks that he could end this here. If this man truly is the last cognitive
psience researcher with funding that has been allowed to live, then he could do what he does
best and ensure that research never gets anywhere ever again.
He’d know it was you.
Akechi can’t tell if this interrogation is a threat, a reassurance, or a taunt. A threat, to remind
Akechi that he is ultimately replaceable. A reassurance, because Akechi can’t be replaced if
there’s nothing to replace him, and it sure seems like these researchers are coming up empty.
And a taunt, toDON’T. NOT HERE.
He won’t. He can’t. Not here.
He needs to leave. This place isn’t helping.
“To clarify,” Akechi says, interrupting the shadow’s ranting by pointing his gun at its head
and flicking off the safety, “There’s nothing you’re hiding from Shido other than exactly how
much you hate his guts.” He states more than asks, desperate to wrap this up.
The shadow nods mutely, trembling as it eyes the gun pointed at its forehead.
“Good.” Akechi says, and whirls around to leave the pocket of distortion.

Akechi collapses against the side of the subway tunnels. It isn’t exactly fresh air, but it will
have to do for now.
We have to go. We can do this once we’re back, Bird.
Akechi nods shakily at nothing, taking off his helmet. Fuck, he can’t breathe in this placeHe crushes a Goho-M in his palm, hitting the ground running as he’s thrown back to the top
layer of Mementos, ducking into an alleyway as he hisses at the Nav to deactivate, taking a
shuddering breath of the crisp evening air as he slumps against the cool bricks.
Okay. He’s okay. He can make it back like this.
Akechi slowly straightens out his dishevelled appearance, walking out of the alley to make
his way back to his apartment.
So much for a good fucking mood.
***
Ren looks over his shoulder, feeling the prick of being watched raise the hairs on the back of
his neck.
“Something wrong?” Morgana pops his head out of the bag.
Ren hums, “Not really…” he trails off, and pauses when he sees Niijima hiding around a
corner, peeking over a thick manga. Ren narrows his eyes. Does she… know that she’s
holding the book upside down?
Ren walks up to her awkwardly, giving a small wave, “Hey there, prez.”
Niijima flinches, clearly not expecting Ren to have addressed her, “Oh. Hello, Amamiya-kun.
How are you today.” She doesn’t sound like she’s asking a question; which probably makes
sense if she’s been stalking Ren all day.
“Fine,” Ren answers anyway.
“Good,” Niijima intones flatly. She shifts uncomfortably, still holding the Manga a little too
close to her face, “Well, um…”
Ren decides to put her out of her misery, “So, is there a reason you’ve been stalking me?”
“Stalking?!” Niijima splutters, affronted, “It’s not- well, I-” she deflates, and Ren can see the
cogs turning in her head on how to salvage this.
“It’s fine,” Ren lies, he’s actually kind of annoyed, but at least it’s funny, “You’ve been
tailing me for a while though. See anything interesting?”
Niijima scowls, “Surely you must understand why your group of friends is suspicious. I
mean, the delinquent, social outcast, and criminal transfer student all become friends after

being targeted by Kamoshida?”
Ren frowns at the implication laced in her words, “Can a bunch of people not just be friends?
You said it yourself, we’re all outcasts, so it’s only natural that we’d gravitate towards each
other.”
Niijima just stares him down, and Ren doesn’t blink in turn. He can feel Morgana shift
uncomfortably at the tense atmosphere.
“Why are you so desperate to catch the Phantom Thieves anyway?” Ren breaks the silence.
“Do you even know if they’re real? And if they are, they dealt with Kamoshida, right? Isn’t
that a good thing?”
Niijima sighs, “If they aren’t real in the ‘stealing hearts’ sense, then they still threatened a
teacher, bad person or no.” She huffs, “And there’s no guarantee that this group is good with
only one example of their behaviour. And I never said that I wanted to catch them to turn
them in.” Ren tilts his head questioningly, “I would want to confirm their intentions first.”
She finishes matter-of-factly.
That’s interesting. Ren hopes that she isn’t just bluffing- it would be convenient if all it takes
to placate Niijima is to prove he isn’t trying to take over Japan. He could probably just show
her his exam scores and insist he doesn’t have the brains to even try.
(He usually does way better on exams, but he got a bit distracted from studying when the
Phantom Thieves got founded.)
Ren gives a small smile, “If you want to tell if they’re good people, then maybe stalking your
prime suspects isn’t the way to go.”
Niijima narrows her eyes, “Is that a confession?”
“Of course not,” Ren grins, “I just think that when you find some better suspects, they might
not react as well to being tailed as me and my friends do.”
“Right,” Niijima says disbelievingly, and Ren chuckles.
“Surely you understand why I’m desperate to find these thieves,” she continues, “I know that
I failed as student council president in regards to the Kamoshida incident. I just don’t want to
ignore a possible threat to the student body again.”
Ren nods, understanding. “Is that the only reason, though?”
Niijima rolls her lips, pausing, “Well, if you truly aren’t related to the Phantom Thieves, then
it shouldn’t concern you, should it?”
Ren hums, as Morgana shifts to give him a look, “I suppose so.” He tosses out a casual wave,
“See you later, prez.”
“Of course,” Niijima mumbles, “See you later.”

Ren turns and leaves, satisfied in having discouraged her to follow him for the rest of the day.
Good- he needs the space. He has a calling card to send.

Chapter End Notes

Shorter chapter today, unfortunately.
It's been so long since I wrote these early chapters that I can't actually remember why it's
so short- I'm pretty sure I cut a scene? I can't remember what, though. Oh well! It hardly
matters now that it doesn't exist anymore.
In other news, Moon arcana get!
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 1
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 1
The way I interpret the arcana (and who gets what) is based on a combination of the
character's personality, and what they represent for the wildcard in question. I don't
really subscribe to the 'everyone has an inherent arcana' way of doing things, since, wellwould Sae really be Judgement for Akechi, when she's just his co-worker? (That would
be kinda funny, now that I say it)
I'm not sure what canon has to say about all this- but hey, this is fanfic, and I shall do as
I please.

Chapter 11
Chapter Summary

Sumire tries for some budget subterfuge, and Akechi deals with the arcana.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire nearly drops her phone when she gets a text from Akechi in the morning- both out of
shock that he would willingly text her and shock at its contents.
Akechi: A calling card was sent to Madarame last night.
Akechi: It was discovered this morning at his exhibition.
Sumi☆: !!!
Sumi☆: if they sent it yesterday, then I think theyll go to the palace straight after school
Sumi☆: thats what they did last time
Her texts get marked as ‘read’, and Sumire puts her phone away. She’s pretty confident that
the thieves will stick to the pattern of stealing treasures after school. As funny as it sounds in
practice, she thinks that it does actually make sense- it would basically be waving a neon sign
saying ‘we’re up to suspicious activities’ if the thieves were to skip school the day after a
calling card is sent.
But- oh, wait.
She never tried to guess Madarame’s keywords. She might have to run to tail the thieves after
school. At least she knows where their hideout is at the moment.
Pushing those thoughts for later, Sumire packs the bare minimum for school so she won’t be
weighed down during her impromptu palace escapade, foregoing grabbing her gymnastics
things knowing that she’ll have to skip practice this afternoon.
Sumire, much like when she saw Kamoshida’s calling card, can hardly pay attention to
school that day. During lunch, she remembers to send off a quick text to her coach with some
excuse of how she’s not feeling well enough to attend practice in the afternoon.
Once the bell rings, she shoots off to the Shibuya accessway, and waits as inconspicuously as
she can for all the thieves to arrive. They, thankfully for her nerves, arrive pretty quickly, and
set off on a path through central street. Sumire follows them to the entrance of a run-down

looking shack in a richer part of Shibuya, and edges as close as she can when she sees Ren
pull out his phone and look to the group for confirmation.
“Everyone ready?” She hears him say, to a chorus of confirmation.
The world shifts, and Sumire staggers as she takes in the sight of a museum coated bottom to
top in shining gold, spotlights illuminating giant murals, all signalling the ruler’s design of
fame and fortune. She goes to shield her eyes as the gold reflects and fragments the light
painting the building and street.
Sumire looks back, and sees that the cognitive space tapers off just a few blocks down the
road. She never explored the area surrounding Kamoshida’s palace, so she doesn’t know how
far outside the castle it stretched, but it’s definitely disconcerting to see the road and houses
crumble into negative space.
Sumire turns back to the monstrosity of a palace, and sees that the thieves have already leftprobably warped to the safe room closest to the treasure. She takes a running start, and starts
climbing the blocky exterior of the building, hopping from ledge to ledge, thanking
Madarame’s cognition for having a much easier climbing surface than sheer castle walls.
Learning her lesson from last time, Sumire doesn’t bother asking the panicking security
shadows for directions, instead choosing to move deeper within the mass of the palace,
hoping that she’ll stumble upon the centre.
Sumire skids to a halt as she sees the thieves hopping down the side of the larger museum
building, stopping in a courtyard in the centre. They all huddle around what Sumire can only
assume is the treasure, opening the wrappings to take a look. That was fast- did they fight
Madarame already? Or did they circumvent the fight entirely?
The question is answered for her as she sneaks a bit closer along the outside of the courtyard,
as Madarame’s shadow appears, flanked by some lesser security shadows, reactivating
several lasers scattered in the space, forcing the thieves to stagger back.
“Madarame!” She hears Fox call, brandishing his sword and pointing it at the shadow, who
simply cackles in response.
Sumire inches closer as they argue back and forth, Madarame revealing what she guesses
must be the real treasure, taunting the thieves for falling for the fake.
Some more shouts, as Sumire ducks behind a nearby ornament, and the fight begins.
Madarame’s shadow bubbles and twists into four paintings, depicting eyes, a nose, and a
mouth, that all twitch and spin as both sides begin their assault.
Much like last time, Sumire is in no rush to interfere. The thieves handled this fight last time,
and they can do it again. It doesn’t stop her from flinching and shifting nervously when
Panther gets doused in black paint, throwing her stumbling to the floor, as the other thieves
desperately try to get her back in the fight.

After Joker throws out a final attack, the paintings fall, and Madarame’s regular form takes its
place. Sumire almost breathes a sigh of relief, before the shadow cackles again and summons
four elemental copies of itself, targeting the thieves’ weaknesses in a round of attacks.
Two can play at that game though, Sumire thinks, as Joker calls out different orders and sets
up a chain of baton passes, alternating the finish between Fox or Skull’s powerful physical
attacks on the main shadow.
Eventually, Madarame staggers to his knees, unable to keep summoning copies of himself.
Sumire watches as Fox marches forward and snatches the treasure from Madarame as his
crumpled form blubbers apologies and begs them not to kill him.
“Swear, that you’ll repent,” Sumire hears Fox growl, and Madarame nods hastily as the
palace around them starts to shake and crumble.
“Wait!” Madarame’s shadow calls as the thieves all rush towards Mona for their escape,
“What about the other one, though?! The one in the black mask!”
The thieves all yelp words of confusion, as Sumire freezes. Her… her own mask is black, so
could he be…?
But, no, she’s never even been in this palace before, let alone met Madarame in the real
world, so who-?
Ah, right. Crow has more helmet than mask, but it certainly can be classified as ‘black’ with
its onyx sheen. So then was Akechi in this palace before? Did he scope it out when Sumire
told him who the thieves’ next target was?
But, wait. The thieves don’t know that. All they know is that someone with a black mask has
been trapsing around the Metaverse without their knowledge- and has encountered Madarame
in the past.
Shoot. She may have waited too long.
Her decision to not join the thieves just yet has been solidified over the past few weeks- from
her conversation with Akechi about her right to not forgive those who have wronged her and
later her striking a proper deal with him, she had no intention to call upon the thieves’
strength until later.
But now, she might not even have that option. When she finally asks for help- who’s to say
that they won’t be suspicious of her? The longer she waits the more this will get worse, but
she can’t just join them now, especially now that she’s found a tentative ally in AkechiSumire is quickly snapped out of her musings as the palace is shaken with the force of an
earthquake, and the ground cracks beneath her. She sprints towards the exit, vaulting over the
crumbling rubble, and gets spat back out into the real world behind the cover of two houses,
out of sight from the thieves.

She clutches her chest as she catches her breath, flinching violently when she hears a voice to
her side.
“I take it you went to witness that fight as well?” Sumire whips around and sees Akechi, not
nearly as dishevelled as she is, leaning against the wall beside her.
“When did you get here?!” She tries not to squeak, but fails as her voice cracks.
“You were the one who told me when the thieves were most likely to infiltrate.” He says
lightly, gesturing to Madarame’s shack behind them, “So I thought I’d take a look.”
“Have you already been to this palace before?” Sumire regathers herself, seeking an answer
to Madarame’s words earlier.
“Is this part of our information exchange?” Akechi asks flatly, and Sumire stutters on a nod,
“In that case: Yes, I have.” He lifts a hand to his chin, seemingly considering his question,
“You said there were five thieves. I did see five members in there, and I could probably
identify them all easily except for one. Who was the… cat? Thing?” Akechi says, not fully
masking his bafflement.
Sumire giggles into her hand, “Yeah, that one tripped me up as well. That’s Morgana, or
Mona in the Metaverse. He only looks like that in the cognitive world, I’m pretty sure. In the
real world, he just looks like an ordinary cat.”
Akechi hums. “Absurd.” He scoffs. He pauses, then shakes his head, “How does he
communicate in reality?”
“I think the trick is if you’ve heard him before in the Metaverse, then you can hear him speak
like a normal person in the real world,” Sumire says uncertainly, “If not, I think you only hear
meows.”
Akechi nods, seemingly considering as he looks into the middle distance, “A change in
cognition, then? How fascinating. And ridiculous.” He adds with a sneer.
Sumire feels her lips hitch up in a teasing grin, “You really hate the idea of a talking cat,
huh?”
Akechi sighs, “It’s more a matter of principal. As whimsical and wonderland-esque as the
Metaverse may seem, it has, up until this point, operated on a series of identifiable rules.
None of which,” he scowls, “Included a talking cat.” He shifts, looking back at the ground,
“You get a question, by the way. I technically asked two.”
Sumire blinks, not having expected him to keep track, “Okay, um,” what to ask? “You were
paranoid, before, about someone messing around with the Metaverse. You said that we were
probably okay, but what about the thieves?”
Akechi stiffens at her question, and Sumire almost takes it back before he clears his throat
and answers, “The thieves were already playing with fire just from the calling card for that

gym teacher. But this?” He points again at Madarame’s shack, “This is sure to attract the
wrong kind of attention.”
Sumire nods, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth, “Is there anything we can do to…
take the heat off?”
Akechi gives her an unimpressed look, “I’m going to give you a pass on that question- what
do you think?”
Sumire sighs, shoulders slumping, “Yeah, probably nothing…”
“Not unless we want to put ourselves in danger, no.” Akechi agrees.
She frowns, thinking back to the last timeline. She was told when she first asked to join the
thieves that it was too dangerous- is this when that danger began? Did they just accidentally
get involved with the wrong people? How much of all this was (and will be) coincidence?
Akechi pushes himself off of the wall, smoothing down the front of his school blazer, “Well,
if that’s all.” He takes out his phone, taking a few steps back, and whispers, “Mementos.”
The world warps where Akechi stands, leaving empty space in his place. Sumire blinks,
having only managed to raise her hand in a half wave of goodbye before he left.
“Oh.” She says dumbly into the empty air. She… never thought to use Mementos as a way to
get around. That could be useful- though using it right now might just annoy Akechi for
following him.
Choosing the less fancy way to travel, Sumire peeks out from behind the corner of the shack,
and ducks back into the street when the coast is clear.
***
Much like the last timeline, when the school cleanup rolls around on May 30th, Sumire opts
to suck it up and go. She should really take the time she’s been given to practice her new
gymnastics routine -as she’s had to set aside time for thieving-adjacent activities- but she was
once again swayed by the resentful whispers of her classmates, spitting venom at her for
things she can’t control.
Although, Sumire’s dour mood evaporates when she sees that she’s been put in a group with
Haru, along with two other students- one first year and one second year.
Haru hums, surveying the section of Inokashira park that their group has been given to clean
up. “I think we should focus on just collecting the biggest pieces of trash first, and then work
our way down to the smaller things so that we don’t get lost in the weeds.”
Sumire and the rest of the group nods, and they each split off to get started.
The second-year boy picks up a discarded umbrella, and turns to the group excitedly, “While
we’re doing this, did any of you guys hear about the calling card from the Phantom Thieves
that was sent to Madarame? Y’know, that artist?”

Sumire perks up as Haru and the other first year give the boy a questioning look. Actually,
now that she thinks about it, this guy looks kind of familiar. Sumire’s pretty sure he had some
involvement with the thieves, but“I didn’t, Mishima-kun,” Haru says, and- Oh, right. The guy who runs the phan-site. “Was it
broadcasted on the news?”
“Not yet,” Mishima says excitedly, “But there were some chatrooms that were talking about
it. The exhibition had to be closed for a bit so they could clean it all up.”
“I did hear about that, yeah,” Sumire says, remembering how Akechi mentioned the calling
card was found at the exhibition itself.
“Are you on some online forums as well, Sumi-chan?” Haru asks, as Mishima
simultaneously exclaims, “What?! How?!”
“Oh, um,” Sumire stutters at the sudden reaction, “One of my friends, he told me about it.”
Mishima narrows his eyes, “What kind of friend do you have that he could tell you about
this? I had to do some serious digging online to get any proper information- and even then it
was pure chance that I heard about the calling card.”
Sumire sighs, deciding to sidestep the interrogation by just being honest, “My friend works
with the police, so he knew in advance.”
Haru’s eyes widen, “Was that the friend you told me about the other day?” And Sumire nods
in confirmation. Haru tilts her head, “How did you end up with a police friend? They’d be
way older than you, right?”
“Uh, he’s in high school, actually.” Sumire admits, pushing her glasses back up her face
nervously.
Again, Haru and Mishima speak in unison,
“Like an intern?” Haru asks.
“Like that detective guy?” Mishima exclaims.
Sumire must spend too long looking like she just got caught, because Mishima’s eyes
suddenly bear a stunning resemblance to saucers.
Mishima gapes, “You’re friends with Akechi? Like, that guy everyone’s calling the ‘second
coming of the detective prince’, Akechi?”
The other first year, who has yet to contribute, gives Sumire a mildly impressed look before
returning to picking up litter.
“Yep, that’s the one,” Sumire says, feeling more than a little awkward. She really didn’t mean
to let that slip.

Haru giggles, “I didn’t know that the person you were texting all the time was a celebrity,
Sumi-chan.” Mishima whips to look at Haru with an alarmed expression.
“It’s not like I text him all the time,” Sumire protests, because she really doesn’t, “I just don’t
have a lot of people I talk to, is all.” She mumbles, blushing slightly.
Mishima continues to look baffled as Haru giggles behind her hand. “I mean,” he stutters, “I
guess he is just a guy, so of course he has friends, but I just never expected to meet any of
them.” He scratches the back of his neck, considering.
Haru seems to be contemplating something, as she tilts her head, and Sumire takes the
opportunity to redirect the conversation, “So, the calling card?” She says quickly.
Mishima lights up, successfully distracted, “Right! So, what do you guys think about it? I
mean, these are the guys who took down Kamoshida.”
Haru hums, snapped out of whatever her earlier train of thought was, “I honestly wasn’t sure
that they were real with just what happened at our school. I thought that it might have been a
coincidence or blackmail,” she shrugs, “But if they’re targeting a famous artist, then they
might have some mysterious methods that only they can use.” She giggles, “It really sounds
exciting, doesn’t it? They’re like superheroes!”
“Of course they’re heroes!” Mishima nods insistently, “There was no other way that anyone
could have dealt with Kamoshida.” He looks at the ground and mumbles, “So, I’m thankful.”
Sumire nods, “I am too.” She tilts her head, “But I wonder how they’ll continue, after this.
How do they even pick targets?” She hopes the information fishing isn’t too obvious. Now
that Madarame is dealt with, she really needs a way to figure out what’s next, since her
memory has failed her.
“Well, there’s the phan-site,” Mishima says hurriedly, “Where people can put requests if
they’re in trouble. I, uh, hear that the admin makes sure to be extra careful about what gets
posted.” Sumire does remember that. Maybe if she keeps her eyes glued to the influx of
requests, she can figure out who the next target is? That sounds hard to narrow down, though.
“There’s a forum where people can request changes of heart?” Haru looks shocked, “Has
there been more changes of heart than just Kamoshida, then?”
“Yup!” Mishima nods, “There are already a few posts about requests that have been
completed, some of them are even from our school!”
Haru looks contemplative, “Does that mean the thieves could be from our school? It doesn’t
seem unlikely, if their first target was Kamoshida, but to think that this could all be done by
high school students…”
Mishima flushes and quickly goes back to shoving litter in the trash bag. Sumire shrugs at
Haru’s musings, not any more eager to give the game away than the other boy is.

“Well,” Haru seems to snap herself out of it, “Lets get finished up here quickly so we can
have lunch and go home.”
The rest of the group nods, and gets back to cleaning.
***
Sumire sits down at her desk again after school, opening her notebook that is very slowly
turning into a conspiracy board and staring down at it.
She feels like she’s gained a lot of new information since making a deal with Akechi, but
simultaneously it feels like she’s learned nothing at all.
Starting with the obvious, she marks off that Akechi gained his persona in some
indeterminate time before all of the other thieves did. This was definitely one of the bits of
information she was most worried about finding, so she’s glad that’s out of the way. She also
marks down properly that she was correct about when Yusuke joined the thieves.
Now onto the more concerning information.
Akechi’s… aggressive reaction to Sumire confronting him in Mementos was unexpected at
first -though maybe she should have seen it coming- but what stands out to Sumire most is
why. Akechi mentioned that he knows someone that used to research cognitive psience, and
his reaction suggests that he’s not a fan of the idea of it continuing or being used.
The only person that Sumire knows who researched cognitive psience is Maruki. And
Futaba’s mother, she’s pretty sure someone mentioned, but given that she’s been dead for a
while now, Sumire doubts that’s who Akechi was worried about.
But, during January, Akechi never gave any indication that he had met, or even heard of,
Maruki before the false reality. So that probably rules him out, too.
Shido. Sumire realises with a start. Some of the memories in Maruki’s palace talked about
how it was Shido who cut off Maruki’s research, so the man must have a hand in the field
somewhere.
Is this the missing piece for why Akechi requested the thieves to target Shido? Some
unnamed grievances about cognitive psience? Maybe Akechi figured out in the last timeline
that Shido is responsible for the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns because of the
knowledge that he already has about the cognitive world, and eventually went to the thieves.
Sumire doesn’t actually know how mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns are caused;
If Akechi was so shocked about seeing someone else in the Metaverse, then maybe they can
be caused in the real world? Like how Maruki used his power before January?
She also notes down Akechi’s words after Madarame’s palace; that the thieves are ‘asking for
trouble’ by having targeted Madarame. Is it because there’s something special about
Madarame in particular? or is whoever Akechi’s so wary about just on the lookout for any
possible cognitive-psience-related incidents?

Sumire sighs, looking at her negligible amount of new information. She’s got a whole lot of
theories and not a lot of facts, and with how adamant Akechi has been about sticking to the
terms of their deal, she doubts that he’d be willing to spill without Sumire offering some kind
of equal exchange. Which she doesn’t really have. She doesn’t even know who the thieves’
next target is.
Sumire half-heartedly searches up some of the key players on her phone- nothing about Shido
other than a suspiciously spotless political history, Maruki doesn’t have a wiki page, and
there’s next to nothing about Akechi’s life before he came into the public eye.
Except- oh. Hold on. Sumire checks the date and blinks. Akechi’s birthday is listed as June
2nd online. Which is tomorrow.
Sumire makes an impulsive decision, and quickly opens her messages to Akechi.
Sumi☆: hello Akechi-san!
Sumi☆: I heard about a darts place in Kichijoji, do you want to come check it out with me
tomorrow?
She stares at her phone waiting for a response. She knows that Akechi enjoys Penguin
Sniper- he said as much in January when the whole group went to play billiards. Sumire can
count the number of things Akechi has admitted to genuinely liking on one hand, so she
knows he really means this one.
Hopefully, the choice of venue will convince him to hang out with her. It’s his birthday, she
wants to do something nice.
She watches as three little dots appear as Akechi types something.
Akechi: May I ask why?
Sumire frowns. Not unexpected, really. It just means that she’ll have to break out the charm.
Oh?
She has plenty of charm.
Sumi☆: you seem like the kind of person who likes darts, is all!
Sumi☆: we could also exchange some more information as we play?
She adds the second text on as an afterthought, hoping that maybe it will entice him
somehow.
Three dots appear again.
Akechi: What time?

Sumire pumps her fist in the air and spins around on her chair, hurriedly typing out a
response.
Sumi☆: meet at 5?
Sumi☆: the place is called penguin sniper.
Akechi: I’m aware. I suppose that I’ll see you there, Yoshizawa-san.
Sumire smiles at the response. Even if it is a slightly frosty acceptance, it is an acceptance,
nonetheless.
She should look up some dessert places in the area, too. It wouldn’t be a good birthday
celebration without cake.
***
Akechi has his suspicions about why Yoshizawa texted him yesterday -none of which are
particularly favourable- but he decided to humour her, nevertheless.
He isn’t quite sure why he bothered, looking back on it, as he walks up the steps to Penguin
Sniper. He could have very easily brushed her off claiming a prior engagement, but
something possessed him to agree.
He passes through the door, and immediately sees a head of red hair standing by one of the
dart boards on the far side of the room, playing a solo game as she waits.
Akechi walks up behind her, not making his presence immediately known. He watches as she
throws one of the darts, landing on the seventeen. She looks proud at this, and Akechi stifles
a sigh.
“May I ask the real reasoning as to why you invited me here?” Akechi finally speaks up.
Yoshizawa jumps, and whirls around to look at him, “Oh! When did you get here?”
“Just now,” Akechi lies smoothly, leaning against a nearby pillar. “I hope you weren’t waiting
long?”
“Oh, I came early on purpose.” She admits, “Because, um…”
Akechi holds no strong feelings either way as to why she would waste her time, other than
for how it baffles him. “Are you going to answer my first question?” He interrupts her.
She starts, “Oh, well,” she twists some of her hair in her fingers, “It’s your birthday?”
Akechi lets out a weary sigh as his suspicions are confirmed, “Why?” he says bluntly.
“Why…?” Yoshizawa pauses, her eyes widening as she catches on to what he’s asking, “Why
wouldn’t I?”

“Because there’s no reason to?” Akechi raises an eyebrow. “Our deal is already solidified;
you don’t need to try and win me over.”
Yoshizawa looks confused, “Well, if we’re friends, I thought…” she trails off, face flushing.
Akechi sighs again, not bothering to correct her assumption, and resets the darts board, “I’m
already here, so we might as well play. Can you play 701?”
Yoshizawa starts, looking alarmed, “Well, maybe, but-”
“Great.” Akechi sets up the game for 701, “Competitive or team game?”
Yoshizawa looks a little lost as Akechi continues to barrel through the conversation, “Um,
team?”
“Shall I start?” He holds up one of the darts, and she nods mutely.
Akechi takes his first turn, successfully throwing three bullseyes. He wasn’t too concerned,
but he hasn’t played in a while, so he played a little more carefully than he would have
normally. He recollects the darts, and turns to see Yoshizawa holding her hand out in a highfive as he goes to pass the darts to her.
He stares at her flatly, but at her enthusiastic nodding he eventually relents and claps their
hands together. She collects the darts with some light cheer and goes to take her turn.
Akechi can tell that Yoshizawa is also shooting for bullseyes, but she only barely manages to
land one, with her other two shots going wide and landing on unfortunately small numbers.
She collects her shots and turns to Akechi for another high-five.
“You aren’t very good at darts.” Akechi comments flatly instead, leaving her hanging.
She deflates, and huffs, “I was trying to tell you that before. But you insisted we play 701, so
I tried my best.”
Akechi tilts his head, narrowing his eyes, “Why did you suggest we go out for darts in that
case?”
“Well, you like it, right?” She says earnestly, “And it’s your birthday, so it’s only fair we do
something you like.”
Akechi would be lying if he said that Yoshizawa doesn’t confuse him in every conceivable
way. Her insistence on their supposed friendship is one thing, trying to actively upkeep it is
another.
There’s also the manner of how she seems completely unperturbed by everything about him.
There were no questions as to what he’s doing in the Metaverse, and barring when he held a
sword to her throat, she’s completely unbothered that Akechi has forgone the mask of
politeness around her.
If anything, she seems to almost prefer it. An absurd thought that Akechi discards.

Akechi is aware that many people place stock in birthdays, though he is not one of them. He
supposes being a year older isn’t bad, but he’s given no indication to Yoshizawa that this is
something he cares to celebrate.
So why is she going out of her way for this?
Akechi supposes that, theoretically, Yoshizawa could just be like this. A generous person,
whatever that means. It doesn’t stop him from waiting for the other shoe to drop.
The Magician arcana hums. Akechi sighs.
“Your posture is wrong,” he says, and Yoshizawa looks confused, “When you’re throwing the
darts,” he clarifies, “You need to keep both your arm and feet in line with your shoulders.”
He picks up a dart to demonstrate.
Yoshizawa blinks, and quickly picks up a dart to copy his posture. Akechi motions for her to
stand in front of the dartboard to take a shot, and she obliges. She doesn’t hit the bullseye, but
she does get a lot closer than her previous shots.
“Better,” He tells her, and she lights up.
“Thank you, Akechi-san,” she says, smiling. He gives a short nod in response.
They continue their game, resetting the board now that the turn order has been thrown off by
Yoshizawa’s practice shot. They aren’t on track to win, but they are getting closer than
Akechi thought they might.
Yoshizawa looks contemplative, “I think that I wanted to celebrate your birthday because I
thought that you wouldn’t celebrate it otherwise.” She eventually says, and Akechi turns to
look at her, “And I always enjoyed celebrating my birthday with my sister, so I thought you
might enjoy it too if you spent it with someone.”
Akechi doesn’t say anything to that, but she doesn’t seem to mind, simply turning back to the
dartboard to take another shot.
(If she knew what you are, she would hate you)
He knows. And he hates that she could find out so easily, but won’t. Because she’s too kind,
too trusting, not shrewd enough to see the wolf in sheep’s clothing even after he’s already
bared his fangs.
He can’t let himself get too close, but Yoshizawa seems more than content to close the
distance for the both of them, and there’s nothing he can do about it.
He doesn’t want this; he insists to the void of his mind. His personas don’t respond.
The Magician arcana grows to its second rank.
***

When Akechi leaves Penguin Sniper later that evening, with Yoshizawa on his tail, insisting
that they go to get cake, he nearly stumbles as a migraine builds behind his eyes.
It doesn’t feel like the normal ones, thoughIt’s a quiet afternoon. Yet, he still feels a sense of dread. Twelve days. Twelve days until this
farce comes to an end, and the tentative bond he’s built (Which one? Isn’t there-) will be
severed.
He’s happy. He thinks.
He can’t help but feel unsatisfied.
He asks the other a question, deadly serious, despite knowing he won’t get a serious answer.
He just wants to know, to confirm in complete certainty, that there’s no way for the two of
them to be, other than on the opposite sides of a war that only one of them is fighting.
He’s surprised. The other doesn’t brush the question off, but gives a dodgy answer,
nonetheless. The other spouts some pretty sentiment about how they’re rivals, first and
foremost.
That’s all the confirmation he needs. Rivals is practically synonymous with enemies, and
that’s what they will be.
But, Akechi thinks, the other never actually said that.
It’s almost as if he really thinksAkechi shakes out of it.
Patterns upon patterns, and he’s not sure he likes any of them. Cryptic visions combined with
headaches least of all.
“Are you alright, Akechi-san?” Yoshizawa turns and asks, concern painting her face.
“Just fine,” he responds, and he doesn’t know if it’s a lie, turning to continue down the road.

Chapter End Notes

I stole the star used in Sumi's texting ID from a piece of kaomoji. It doesn't really
represent anything- I just thought it was cute lol. if you really want to stretch it, though,
it could be homage to how I debated making Sumire's arcana the Star for a bit.
Speaking of arcana:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 2
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 1

Chapter 12
Chapter Summary

Ren dreams, Sumire thinks about her responsibilites, and Akechi gets some new
information.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren doesn’t quite realise he’s dreaming at first.
Ren turns to the other boy there, clad in black and face almost completely obscured.
“Well?” The boy says, “I presume you had a reason for dragging me to Mementos.”
“Yeah,” Ren agrees, starting to walk into the subway tunnel, “You wouldn’t have agreed to
hang out with me otherwise.”
The other scoffs, “Seriously? And here I thought you actually had something important to
do.” Ren can’t see it, but he’s pretty sure the boy just rolled his eyes, “What are you planning,
then?”
Ren thinks about the glove in his pocket, and ignores the hole it burns, “We’re going to have
a competition,” He twirls his gun in his hand, “We’re going to see who can destroy the most
shadows in this area of Mementos.”
The other sighs, “If you were looking for competition, why not just ask for a game of
billiards? I still haven’t played against you with my left hand.”
“I already tried that,” Ren says, annoyed, “And you brushed me off.”
The boy hums, unrepentant, “I suppose I did. Then, in that case, why didn’t you get the hint?”
Ren turns and grins at him, “Well, I could take a hint, or I could get more creative,” he
gestures to the tunnels, “And I would say it paid off, since you’re here.”
The other sneers, but stays quiet as he stalks off further down the tunnels. Ren smiles as he
passes, proud at having outplayed him.
“You realise that none of the shadows in this area will pose much of a challenge, right,
Joker?” The other eventually speaks up, and Ren smirks.

“Exactly,” he says, and he watches as the boy pauses, allowing a manic grin to slowly crawl
onto his face.
The other lets out a low cackle, “Well then, you’d better keep up.”
Ren snaps out of the (memory? Vision? Dream?) and promptly realises that he still hasn’t
woken up.
He can see the other figure turn and look at him, “Oh. You still don’t remember.”
Ren’s dreamed about this before, hasn’t he?
As though he can hear Ren’s thoughts, the other smirks, “Do you just forget about all of this
whenever you wake up? No wonder you’ve made no progress.”
“You could help.” Ren points out, shoving his hands into his pockets. There was a glove
there, in the dream, but he can’t feel it now.
“I could,” the other says, and then he turns to keep walking.
Ren jogs to catch up, “That just now,” he gestures vaguely around them, “Was that what I’m
forgetting?”
“In part.” The other says, not turning back around.
“So did we know each other?”
The other stops walking, and finally turns around, “You assume that this is taking place in
the past.”
Ren frowns, “Will we know each other?”
“More assumptions,” the other clicks his tongue.
Ren throws his hands up in the air, exasperated, “You’re not helpful, you know.” He rolls his
eyes, “At least give me a name to work with.”
The other hums thoughtfully, “If you’re forgetting these encounters when you wake up, then I
guess it won’t hurt.” He nods, “Call me Crow.”
“Crow.” Ren echoes, “I take it that isn’t your real name?”
“Not technically. But it is important, nonetheless.” Crow says, turning back around.
Ren follows him in silence for a while, before his curiosity catches up to him, “Are we
friends? It seemed like it, in the memory.”
Crow turns and gives him a look, “Were you not paying attention? You had to use blatant
subterfuge to get me to hang out with you.”

“If it was so blatant,” Ren points out, “Then you clearly weren’t trying very hard to avoid me
since you fell for it.”
Crow scoffs angrily, and Ren chuckles, falling back into step with him.
“It’s a shame.” Crow says eventually, “That you’ll forget this.” He crosses his arms in
thought, “Do you remember our first meeting in this space?”
Ren blinks, “The first dream I had like this? Yeah, I do now. But I forgot it pretty quickly after
I woke up the first time.”
“And it’s likely you will forget this one just as quickly upon your return to the waking world.”
Crow muses. “I suppose you’ll remember it when you come back here, but that’s hardly
useful.”
Ren presses his lips together, “Is there any way to make it so I can remember?”
Crow cocks his head, “I don’t know.” He admits, “I suppose once you remember everything
in full, you may be able to transfer the knowledge.”
“Will you help me, then?” Ren asks.
“What?”
“You seem upset that I don’t remember,” He continues, and Crow scowls, “So you could help
me remember here, so that it’ll stick out there.” Ren points vaguely upward.
Crow stares at him for a beat, before he sighs, holding out his hand to shake, “It appears we
are adding yet another deal to our list of broken ones.”
Ren takes his hand, “I can’t wait for you to tell me about it,”
Crow grins, andI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new vow.
It shall be the wings of rebellion that breaketh thy chains of captivity.
With the birth of the Aeon persona, I have obtained the winds of blessing, that shall lead to
freedom and new power.
Ren blinks. He… didn’t expect that. Though he probably should have.
Crow tilts his head, “Oh. I wonder how that will work, if you can’t remember it.” He barks a
laugh, “Though that may be all the more fitting for the arcana of choice.”
Ren gapes, “You heard that?”

“This is all in your head, isn’t it?” Crow says slowly, “I’d be more concerned if I couldn’t
hear it.” He looks up, “But I believe our time is up. Until next time, Joker.”
Ren opens his mouth to respond, and-wakes up in his bed, with memories that fade before he gets the chance to write them down.
***
Ren sits in class, ignoring Ushimaru’s lecture and nervously tapping his pen against one of
the pages of his probation diary.
After they fought Madarame, Ren has been cooking up theories about who the black-masked
persona user the shadow mentioned could possibly be, and has come up with nothing. In all
likelihood, they’ve never met. Tokyo is a big place, and Madarame has interacted with
countless people in his day-to-day life. And even then, there’s no guarantee that whoever the
Black Mask is has actually met the artist in the real world- they could have just interacted
with his shadow exclusively.
Ren also isn’t sure what to think about the possibility of another person with access to the
Metaverse. He got the Nav seemingly randomly, so could it be that there are other
unfortunate people who got thrown into the Metaverse by pure chance?
Ren scribbles down some notes on the page, frowning at some gibberish he must have written
a few weeks earlier. Had he been trying to remember a dream? He can’t make any sense of
the notes, so it mustn’t have been that important.
Or, was-?
He thinksRen loses his train of thought.
Sitting up as his classmates shuffle to make their way home as their final class wraps up, Ren
throws his diary back in his bag, as Morgana settles back in over the top of all his belongings,
and he checks his phone to see if he has any texts from his confidants.
Exiting the school’s gates, Ren stifles a yelp as he bumps into someone in the Shujin
tracksuit, causing them to drop what they’re holding.
“Oh! I’m sorry!” A girl’s voice says, and Ren pulls himself back together.
“No, sorry, that was my fault,” he says to the girl with fluffy pink hair, moving to pick up the
bag of soil that she dropped.
She takes the bag back into her arms, “Thank you so much,” she says with a small smile, “I
usually don’t move these by hand, but since there weren’t that many, I thought I’d save the
time.” She shuffles on her feet, “I’m Haru, by the way, a third year. What’s your name?”

“Oh,” Ren blinks at the lack of a family name given, “I’m Ren.” He decides to return the
sentiment. Maybe she’s just friendly?
“It’s nice to meet you, Ren-kun.” Haru says brightly, though Ren thinks that she seems
almost tentative.
“Likewise,” he offers a smile in turn, “Do you need any help with the rest of those?” He
gestures to the soil bag she’s holding.
“That would be lovely, thank you!” She says, and points to a small pile of them a short
distance away, “They’re just over there, they need to be moved closer to the garden.”
Ren nods, and spends some time with Haru, moving various gardening supplies to different
places, grateful for the muscle that his Metaverse excursions has given him.
Eventually, Haru wipes her brow and huffs, “All done!” She turns to Ren, “Thank you so
much for helping me, usually I get Sumi-chan to help me out with this, but she was busy
today.”
Ren cocks his head at the name, “Sumi?”
“Oh, right,” Haru laughs, “Sumire Yoshizawa, the first-year gymnast. She’s an unofficial
member of the gardening club.”
Yoshizawa, huh? “I’ve heard of her,” Ren admits, and tugs on his fringe, “I don’t think she
likes me much, though.” He admits.
Haru blinks, “Really?” She laughs a little, “You must have really done something for that to
happen.”
Ren grimaces, “I think she may have just heard the rumours or something.”
Haru pauses, “Rumours?” She jumps, “Oh! You’re the transfer student everyone’s been
talking about.”
Ren grimaces a little harder, “In the flesh.”
She laughs into her hand, “You don’t need to sound so nervous; I don’t believe any of the
rumours or anything,” Ren relaxes and smiles a bit, “But I wonder why Sumi-chan doesn’t
seem to like you then? She isn’t the type to care about that kind of thing,” Haru trails off, lost
in thought.
“I’m sure it’s a misunderstanding,” Ren says, though he’s not sure what there is to
misunderstand, “We’ve never actually spoken before, but she always gives me side eye when
I see her.” He gives a sheepish grin.
Haru snaps out of her thoughts, and smiles, “I’m sure if you talked to her, you could clear
everything up.” She turns to look at the garden, “But anyway, that’s all the help I needed for
today. If you ever want to help out again, I spend most of my time around the gardens.”

Ren nods affirmatively, “I’ll keep an eye out.” He says, as he turns to finally leave the school.
He feels like Haru is someone he might be able to form a bond with, having felt the pull of a
possible arcana during their conversation, as Morgana mumbles “Gardening, huh?” to his
side. Given that one hasn’t formed yet, though, he thinks he may be missing something.
Ren senses his bundle of arcana thrum warmly in his chest, and pauses when he feels an extra
one sitting in their midst. Is it a precursor to his bond with Haru? He didn’t realise he was
that close to forging one- this feels like a full-on bond.
He tries to sense what arcana it is, and comes up empty. He also doesn’t hear the whisper of
who it belongs to like he does with his other confidants.
Ren frowns to himself, and brushes it off. It’s probably nothing. Nothing important, at least.
***
When Akechi sees Madarame’s confession live on June fifth, his first thought is Fuck, I have
to do something about this, followed by the realisation of the sheer amount of myriad
different ways he has to ‘do something’ to appease the various demanding authority figures
in his life.
Starting, it seems, with Sae Niijima, who is furiously pacing and collecting papers from every
filing cabinet and desk in the police department, having just been assigned to the now-official
Phantom Thieves case.
Akechi has also been assigned properly to the case, a fact of which he was warned of via
Shido’s vague threats. He’s very glad that his deal with Yoshizawa prepared him for this
development with Madarame, otherwise he might have snapped.
Sae is hissing something under her breath as she grabs the last remaining pieces of
information she needs, and growls something that could be an order for Akechi to follow her,
though he can’t quite tell. He follows her anyway, not wanting to do anything that might
make him the subject of her ire.
When Sae finally becomes coherent again, she turns to face Akechi properly, “I’m going to
review all of this, and you’re going to put anything I find into the spreadsheet I set up.”
Grunt work, then. Well, it has to be done. “Right, Sae-san.” He doesn’t push his luck with
requesting sushi.
Sae starts grumbling again, “And I promised Makoto I’d be home for dinner, too…” she bites
her lip, “Akechi, do you mind if we do this work at my apartment? My sister is making
dinner, so we can have a meal as well.”
Akechi does mind, actually. He has no love for the younger Niijima, and all his attempts at
riling her up to get something out of her have gone exactly nowhere. He senses that he
doesn’t have much choice in the matter, though, “Not at all, I’m fine with that.”

Sae nods, satisfied. The pair make their way into a residential district, and arrive at an
apartment complex. Sae punches a floor number into the elevator, and passes off the stack of
documents to Akechi as she fumbles with her keys.
“I’m home!” She shouts into the now open doorway, still leaving Akechi with the stack of
papers. He tries not to glare at her.
“Sis! Welcome back,” Makoto calls as she turns the corner. She initially greets Sae with a
happy smile, before failing to fully smother her scowl at the sight of Akechi. He does a much
better job of smothering his own smirk, however.
“I didn’t realise we were having guests,” Makoto continues, clearly going for ‘polite’ but
missing the mark by a wide margin.
Sae doesn’t comment, though, instead kicking off her heels in the entry, “I’m sorry, Makoto,
but with Madarame’s confession we’ve suddenly got a lot more work that needs to be done
right now.”
“Well,” Makoto worries her lips together, “That’s… fine, but I only made dinner for two, so,”
“That’s alright,” Akechi finally speaks up, “I don’t need anything.”
“You’re eating dinner,” Sae snaps, and turns to Makoto, “Is it too late to make an extra
serving? I’ll just order something, if not.”
Makoto sighs, “No, it’s okay.” She turns and walks out of the hallway, posture a little too
stiff.
Akechi and Sae follow suit, with Akechi dumping the stack of paper in the dining table as
Sae heads to her bedroom to grab her laptop.
Akechi neatens the stack of paper for want of something to do, and hears the sounds of
Makoto starting on a third serving of dinner.
“My apologies for intruding on your home, Niijima-san,” Akechi eventually says with a
pleasant smile.
“It’s not a problem,” Makoto says over her shoulder, a little too high-pitched, “Sis invited
you, so.” She trails off abruptly.
Akechi nods, internally acknowledging that her dislike of him is entirely his own fault. He
didn’t intend to antagonise her so much over their various meetings, but her suck-up attitude
never fails to rub him the wrong way.
She has apparently gained the semblance of a backbone, however, as he sees her add more
pepper than necessary into the pan housing his future dinner. Well. Good for her.
Sae comes back into the living room, laptop in hand, and passes it off to Akechi for
spreadsheet management.

“My first assumption was that the thieves definitely had something to do with Shujin
academy, since Kamoshida was their first target and that’s where the calling card was found,”
Sae starts sharply, and Akechi can see Makoto turn her head slightly, “But that might not
necessarily be one-hundred-percent true, since the calling card for Madarame was also sent
on his territory.”
Akechi knows for a fact that the thieves are Shujin students, courtesy of Yoshizawa and
seeing them just after Madarame’s palace. This, of course, is not exactly permissible
evidence. That, and Akechi still has a choice to make- on how close he wants to let Sae get to
the truth on this particular investigation. There’s also the fact that Makoto is currently
eavesdropping, so anything he says will also go through her.
“Madarame’s calling card was sent to a public space, however.” He eventually says, deciding
to not bother with hiding the blatantly obvious, “Shujin is much easier to access if you’re
already a student or staff member.” He hums, “Though, since the calling card was found on a
Monday, they could have theoretically broken in on the Sunday?”
Sae nods, “It’s likely that the thieves are related to Shujin, but not impossible that they’re
not.” She sighs, “What about the calling cards themselves?”
Akechi takes out the two photos of the calling cards, “I’m not a language analyst, but I think
that there is definitely a noticeable difference between the way these two cards are written.”
Sae’s eyes flit over the two photographs, nodding, “The first certainly seems more juvenile.
And the logo is different, too. It almost seems like they’ve outsourced an artist,” she huffs at
her own joke.
“Well, considering the field Madarame had an iron grip on, perhaps one of his victims has
joined the thieves ranks?” Akechi muses. He realises after a beat that that’s actually
extremely likely- one of the people he saw outside Madarame’s palace wasn’t wearing a
Shujin uniform.
“Maybe,” Sae, thankfully, doesn’t pursue the tangent.
Makoto eventually sets down three plates of dinner, and Akechi and Sae continue their
discussion as she sits in awkward silence, excusing herself to her room once she finishes her
meal. Sae bites her lip as she stares at the information scattered across the table.
“This is a waste of time…” she mutters, “It’s impossible to draw patterns out of just two
instances.”
Akechi sighs, playing up his frustration, “I agree. I’m not sure what the director wants us to
do, before they’ve even brought Madarame in for questioning.”
Sae scoffs, “It’s completely absurd. But…” She hums, thoughtfully.
“What is it?” Akechi ventures.

“If I succeed in this, it could mean that I finally get a promotion. So I’m not in a position to
complain,” Sae eventually says, glaring holes into the evidence again.
Akechi hums, “You already have a ninety-nine percent win rate in the courtroom. Do you
really believe this is the case that will somehow pull you to even greater heights?”
Akechi knows two things that Sae does not. One, is that this case is in fact far bigger than it
seems from the outside. Its roots in cognitive psience have set in stone that this will make
waves, and the fact that Shido’s eye is already observing it means that the SIU will be
scrambling for a culprit.
“The director certainly implied it,” Sae says, waving a hand.
The second thing that Akechi knows is that the director is a slimy piece of shit, and is
definitely using the promise of a promotion to hold over Sae’s head as this case inevitably
progresses into more dangerous territory. Sae, as the desperate perfectionist, is the perfect
scapegoat for the SIU’s failings- and it is inevitable that they will fail when they don’t have
any access to the resources that are a necessity for solving this case.
Probably. Unless the thieves are irredeemable morons, and make it shockingly easy to catch
them even without knowledge of the cognitive world. Akechi hopes for both his sake and
theirs that this is not the case.
But Akechi can say none of this to Sae, “I hope that we’re successful, then.” He settles on.
He can feel the Moon arcana grow to its second rank.
***
Sumire beelines her way to where Akechi is standing when she spots him in the train station
after school.
“Hello, Akechi-san.” She says, and he looks up.
“Ah. Yoshizawa.” He returns, and Sumire isn’t quite sure if the dropped honorific is a good
sign or not.
She turns and sees that they’re right next to the bakery in the Shibuya train station, “Are you
buying some pastries?” She asks, “But I thought that-” she abruptly cuts herself off when she
remembers that Akechi has yet to tell her that he isn’t actually a fan of sweets this time. She
had remembered halfway through buying cake for his birthday, but even then he didn’t bring
it up.
“Thought what?” Akechi asks as she stays silent for too long, and she shakes her head.
“Nothing,” Sumire says innocently, and proceeds to lower her voice, “I was wondering if we
could make a trip to Mementos sometime now that Madarame has confessed? We could
exchange some more information, too?”

Akechi nods, “That sounds fine. I’m busy over the next few days though. I have an interview
on the tenth.” He hums, “Actually, I think that they mentioned that some students were sitting
in on the shoot.” He manages to keep his face mostly neutral, but Sumire can see his nose
crinkle slightly in annoyance.
Some students sitting in on a shoot, though? “Oh,” Sumire remembers, “I think that’s the
second year’s social studies trip.”
Akechi’s eyebrows raise, “Shujin is the one showing up? What a coincidence.” He says flatly.
Sumire smiles a bit, before stifling a frown as she remembers a little more. Last time, the
same day that Akechi mentioned not liking sweets, He and Ren had said that they met during
the social studies trip.
The two were definitely close in January, though they had a funny way of showing it. Sumire
wonders how Akechi reacted to Ren taking Maruki’s deal. Did he even know? Probably,
since he didn’t show up for the meeting on the third.
They’re about to meet for the first time, then. Again. Sumire is once again faced with the
burden of external knowledge.
On one hand, Akechi and Ren are about to meet and forge a strong bond; Great! Wonderful!
Very likely the key to how future events will play out in everyone’s favour.
On the other, Ren, in another life, betrayed Akechi’s trust. Does she have a duty to tell him,
as his friend in this life? Does it matter, if it’s a future that won’t come to pass? (She hopes)
Is it even her place? ‘Hey, Akechi-san, I know that you have some trust issues going on, but I
just need to tell you about how your new friend was prepared to trap you in a weird dream
world last timeline, just thought you should know.’ Yeah. Great plan, Sumire, excellent job.
This situation would be a lot easier to navigate if she could just tell Akechi that she’s a time
traveller.
But, in want of a way to navigate this, Sumire holds her tongue.
“So, after your interview, then?” Sumire asks.
Akechi tilts his head, “Sometime after it, yes. Does the twelfth work for you?”
Sumire pauses, thinking, then nods, “That works.” She giggles into her hand, “Maybe we’ll
get to see José! He has some pretty good information.”
“Who.” Akechi states more than asks.
“José.” Sumire repeats, eyes widening, “You know, the kid in Mementos who collects a
bunch of flowers and is covered in stars?”
Akechi blinks, face blank, before he narrows his eyes, “Him?”

“Yeah, him.” She understands the reaction.
Akechi sighs exasperatedly, and mumbles, “I was wondering what the fuck that was about.”
Sumire laughs again, “Oh, I still don’t understand anything about him. But he’s nice!”
“Well, I’m sure that because someone’s nice it automatically means that they have no ulterior
motive or intention to hurt you.” Akechi says with his best TV smile. He checks his phone,
“But since you aren’t dead yet, I suppose I’ll investigate, at least.” He gives a wave, face
back to bored neutrality, “See you on the twelfth, Yoshizawa.”
Sumire nods, waving back as he leaves.
You could introduce yourself to Ren. That may grant you more options. Ella hums in the
back of her mind.
She should. She should suck it up. If she doesn’t want to run into problems later, she should
start building trust with Ren.
If the thieves are on the look out for someone with a black mask, she should prove to them
that she’s trustworthy.
But. She’s already doing that with most of the thieves, isn’t she?
Maybe she can just leave Ren to Akechi.
She doesn’t have to do this yet.
***
Following Yoshizawa’s declaration that the weird star kid isn’t out to flay his skin, or other
such atrocities, Akechi decides to seek him out during a trip to Mementos the next day.
He doesn’t have any targets, this time. Just a lot of pent-up rage, as normal, and some
unfortunate shadows who are within his line of sight.
So, stress relief.
Akechi cackles like a madman as Loki grins in turn, throwing out Megidolaon and
Laevateinn spells at the weaker shadows in the top levels of Mementos, spitting curses as he
shreds them with as much excessive fanfare as he can muster.
He pauses abruptly, when Robin senses the presence of something unidentifiable. Ah. That
would be the weird kid.
Akechi stops terrorising the lesser shadows in favour of waiting in the middle of the tracks,
feeling the ping get closer and closer at a frankly alarming rate. A… car? Comes careening
around the corner of one of the tunnels, and Akechi rushes to trip it up with Loki’s sword.

The kid in the driver’s seat yelps as he tries to avoid the obstruction, crashing his car into the
side of the tunnel. He hops out, and scratches his head as he surveys the damage.
“Whoops…” the kid sighs, and Akechi takes that as his cue to approach.
The kid turns around before Akechi can get a word in, “Oh, mister! I’ve seen you around here
before. You didn’t let me introduce myself, though.” He beams, and Akechi stares.
Taking his silence as the go-ahead to keep talking, the kid continues, “My name is José, and
I’m researching humans!” He points to his vehicle, which is currently half-wedged in the
wall, “I didn’t really mean to crash, but your sword friend sort of got in my way.”
Akechi speaks before he can think better of it, “How did you know that it was related to me?”
“Well, isn’t it your persona, mister?” José blinks up at him like it’s the most obvious thing in
the world- which, to him, it very well might be.
Akechi decides not to confirm or deny it either way. “Is that something you can sense?” He
asks instead.
“Yup!” José nods, “You have the same soul, so it’s pretty easy to tell. And you’re a wildcard,
so you’re practically a beacon down here!”
“Why is that?” Akechi asks sharply, concerned by the implications of that statement.
“Well, if your soul holds that much potential, it’s pretty easy to see for people like me!” José
says cheerfully.
“And what are you, exactly?” Akechi narrows his eyes, and notices José’s golden ones, “A
shadow?”
“Oh, no,” José shakes his head, “Shadows can’t sense that kind of thing.”
“Then what are you.” Akechi repeats.
“I’m José!” He says, and Akechi sighs and resists the urge to hit something.
He understands, in part, why Yoshizawa thinks this kid is harmless. But, Akechi has Robin
whispering in his ear about how bad of an idea it would be to fight him, and Akechi is also
certain that José’s similarities with an actual child end pretty rapidly after his appearance.
So, not something to mess around with. And, clearly, something so far removed from
humanity that holding a conversation is like pulling teeth.
“What is a wildcard, exactly?” Akechi settles on asking.
“It’s someone like you!” José says as he pokes at his car, “Someone with infinite potential in
their soul. It means that your soul can look like more than one thing.” He smiles, “That’s why
that person is so interested in you guys, and the others just won’t leave you alone!”

Akechi takes a minute to process, “You are… implying then, that my status as a wildcard
allows me to have multiple personas?”
“You’ve got it mister!” José chuckles, “Hey, you’re pretty smart.”
“Who is ‘that person’?” Akechi says, keeping his voice neutral, “And the ‘others’ you
mentioned?”
José looks down solemnly, “Um, well, I can’t tell you who that person is, since I made a
promise, but…” he perks up, “Think about it this way, humans as a collective have infinite
potential, right? Like this!” He points at the walls of Mementos, “So everyone else is pretty
curious about that, since they don’t have that!”
Akechi thinks it’s pretty telling that humanity’s so-called ‘infinite potential’ manifested as a
dirty subway, “And?”
“And,” José continues, “Wildcards like you shove all of that into the space of one person!”
He laughs, “Pretty cool, right?”
Akechi nods vaguely as José turns back to fixing his car, kicking open the hood and
rummaging around inside.
Akechi goes to put a hand to his chin, before aborting the gesture as he realises his helmet is
in the way, “These ‘others’, would they happen to include the residents of the Velvet Room?”
He doesn’t know if José is aware of the place, but he thinks it’s worth a try. The only
information he has on the place is from the residents themselves, and he’s itching for a
second opinion.
José peeks back over the hood of the car, frowning at the ground, “Velvet Room…?” His face
scrunches, “I think I’ve heard of it…? Maybe…?” He pouts, “This must be what that person
was talking about.”
Akechi tilts his head. José is unable to recall if he’s heard of the Velvet Room? Akechi thinks
it’s pretty memorable, personally, but maybe that’s not the case for whatever José is.
“There’s a door to it by the top of Mementos.” Akechi tries.
José’s eyes widen, “Oh!” He frowns again, “That place? I think…” He trails off again, “I
can’t remember? That’s strange.”
Akechi frowns as well. Perhaps it’s less about memorability and more a property of the room
itself?
José gasps, and Akechi jumps, “I remember the twins, though!” He pouts again, “They’re
kind of mean. I tried to give them flowers and then they tried to hit me.”
“That sounds in character.” Akechi commiserates, still distracted by his musings.
“But anyways, mister,” José continues, barrelling past the topic of the Velvet Room as though
it had never been brought up at all, “You’re doing a whole lot better at being a wildcard than

last I saw. You were definitely doing it wrong before.”
Akechi scowls, “I was unaware that there was a rulebook.”
“Well, not rules, maybe. But I’m pretty sure that someone is supposed to…” José frowns
again, and then shakes his head, “But anyway, you’re doing way better now, mister. You’ve
actually formed some bonds! So good job!”
Akechi stills. “I’m supposed to be making these bonds?” Now here’s something interesting.
“Of course!” José nods excitedly, “Bonds are a wildcard’s power. You can’t make full use of
your potential if you don’t have different people to teach you!”
Akechi hums noncommittedly. Now that’s something to work with. Conflicting information,
as annoying as it is, does confirm that either José or the Velvet Room is either actively lying
to him or is working from false information.
Akechi doesn’t particularly trust either source, but having more than one source to begin with
could be a good boon.
“Could you teach me more about how wildcards work, José?” Akechi walks a little closer to
the car and begins to help in pulling it out of the wall.
“Hm?” José looks up, round eyes blinking curiously, “Well, I’m pretty busy studying
humans, but…” He scrunches his face, deep in thought.
Akechi crouches down to meet José eye to eye, “How about we make a deal? You tell me
what you know about wildcards, and I help you in studying humans.”
“Oh.” José hums, “Oh!” He jumps up, “I see, mister! We’re making a bond! In that case, I’d
love to help.”
“Right.” Akechi says. He wasn’t aware that these bonds extended to non-human entities, but
he’ll take it.
José offers right hand for a handshake, “I’ll teach you more about wildcards, and you can tell
me more about humans!”
Akechi takes his hand to shake, andHe’s prepared for it this time, as the world cracksBut doesn’t quite stop, as José still blinks while the voice echoes in Akechi’s head.
I am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.

Through the forging of the Star arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of rebellion,
and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
José laughs as the voice finishes speaking, “Yeah, Star makes sense for me, I think.”
Akechi hums, not unsurprised that José is privy to hearing the voice and arcana, “Do you
know what it means?”
“The Star means inspiration and hope, mostly.” José says matter-of-factly, “The arcana your
bonds represent are a combination of what the person the bond was forged with is like, and
what that person means to you.” He smiles brightly, “Is that the kind of stuff you want from
our deal, mister?”
“Yes,” Akechi nods, “What would you like to know in return?”
“Oh, nothing just yet. Just talking with you has already been plenty interesting. Although,”
José looks contemplative, “Hm. I’ll think of something by the next time we meet.” He gives
his car one final kick, and the engine roars to life. He jumps up, and hops back into the
driver’s seat. “Well, I think that’s all for now. I’ll see you later, mister!”
Akechi nods and stands out of the way of the reactivated car.
José speeds off, drifting around a corner as he sends the surrounding shadows fleeing. Akechi
stares for a minute, lost in thought.
The Velvet Room insisted that bonds are not something he should be dabbling in. Akechi
already resolved to ignore that out of spite, but having another claim that bonds are in fact a
necessary component to his existence gives him pause.
He doesn’t enjoy the claim that he was ‘doing it wrong’, or whatever José said, though. He
doesn’t need these bonds. They’ve yet to give him anything other than a headache. He’s
survived the past few years without them just fine.
But, even though they’ve yet to present any benefit, they also haven’t hurt yet, either. Akechi
remains unopposed to the idea of seeing where this leads.
Hm. He should write down a list of questions to ask José, for their next meeting.

Chapter End Notes

Sooo, Ren gets some arcana too! With the voices in his head, but arcana all the same.
The Aeon in this context was something of a no-brainer, both since I truly can't be
bothered to research alternate tarot decks, and because it /definitely/ fits the theme of
this particular confidant.

Uh, I also noticed that José's name in P5R doesn't actually have an accent, but I can't be
bothered to go back and change it lol
Anyways, now there's two sets of people's confidants to keep track of. (Again, I'll only
be keeping track of Ren's confidants when they're important to the canon divergence)
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 2
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 2
José - Star rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 1

Chapter 13
Chapter Summary

Ren and Akechi meet, and Sumire spills some secrets.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Mannn…” Ryuji whines, and Ren privately agrees, but stays silent to avoid incurring Ann’s
scolding.
“Stop complaining,” Ann predictably whines back as the three of them (Technically four, Ren
remembers as Morgana pokes his head out of the bag) come to stop in a nondescript hallway
at the TV station.
“But they’re just using us for manual labour!” Ryuji shouts, running his hands through his
hair, “Ain’t we supposed to be guests?” He pouts and shoves his hands in his pockets, “I
mean, we’re Phantom Thieves! Don’t we deserve a break?”
“Keep your voice down!” Morgana hisses from Ren’s side.
Ann nods furiously, “Seriously!” she sighs, “But I kind of agree. This sucks.” She frowns,
before brightening up, “We should go do something after this! We’re getting dismissed from
the venue, so we can check out the area?”
“Ooh! I know a place!” Morgana interrupts excitedly, “I wanna go to that huge pancakelooking place we saw on our way here!”
Ryuji looks confused for a second, before understanding dawns on his face, “Oh, are you
talking about Dome Town? Yeah, we could go there.” He says, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Oh, that could be fun!” Ann smiles, “We could get lunch, go on some roller coasters, that
kind of stuff.”
“Now that’s what I’m talkin’ about!” Ryuji pumps his fist in the air, and Ren chuckles a bit.
As the three continue discussing their plans, Ren sees a boy their age with brown hair and a
beige school blazer turn the corner. The boy’s eyes widen slightly as he spots them, before his
expression is rapidly schooled into something more neutral.
“Excuse me,” the boy speaks up, “Are you three students of Shujin Academy?”
Ryuji goes to respond, but Ren locks eyes with the boy and-

There are alarms, shouts, and an all-encompassing sense of panic and dread that envelops
Ren as he hearsRen blinks, and he swears he sees the other boy do the same as he turns his attention back to
Ryuji.
That was faster than normal. He didn’t even get a headache that time.
“Yeah, whadd’ya want?” Ryuji says, and the boy chuckles politely.
“Oh, nothing. I just thought I’d introduce myself since we’ll be filming together tomorrow.”
He smiles and gives them a short bow, “My name is Goro Akechi.”
“Akechi…” Ann hums, and shakes her head when Ren gives her a questioning look.
“Filming?” Ryuji questions, “What, you a celebrity or something?”
“Only to the extent of appearing on TV a couple times,” Akechi laughs self-deprecatingly,
and Ren can’t help but think that it sounds the same as his last laugh.
“Well, anyway,” Akechi continues, “I have a briefing to get to, but it was nice meeting you
all.” He gives a wave as he turns to leave, “Have fun with your trip to Dome Town.”
Ann and Ryuji wince as Akechi turns the corner, and Ren frowns.
“He heard that?” Ann whisper-yells, and Ryuji scowls.
“Was he eavesdropping on us or somethin’?” Ryuji says in, to his credit, a much quieter
voice.
“I hope he didn’t hear anything else.” Ren mumbles, remembering how Ryuji had been
talking about their Phantom Thievery just before Dome Town was brought up.
“Oh, shit, that’s right!” Ann gasps, “You need to be more careful, Ryuji!”
“Yeah, yeah!” He waves his hand. “It’ll be fine. What’s-his-name probably would have
brought it up if that’s what he heard.”
“Akechi,” Ann corrects, and frowns, “I’m pretty sure that I’ve heard his name before, but…”
“If he’s been on TV a few times, then you probably heard it there, right?” Ren points out.
“Right,” Ann nods, “I just can’t remember what he does. I mean, why would a high schooler
be on TV?”
Ryuji scoffs, “Maybe he’s an idol. Never gonna get popular with that kinda hair, though.” He
snickers.
Ren frowns. He kind of likes Akechi’s hair. Does he just have bad taste?

“You don’t get it.” Ann says with a dismissive air, and Ren tries to hide his smirk. Ryuji’s the
one with bad taste, then. Or maybe he and Ann can commiserate about having bad taste
together.
Ryuji shrugs, “Whatever. Anyways, lets head to Dome Town! I’m in the mood for some
roller coasters.”
Morgana shuffles, “Can I come too?”
Ann winces, “To Dome Town, yes. On the roller coasters? Uh…”
“You’d puke.” Ren says helpfully, and chuckles as Morgana yelps, affronted.
***
The next day, Ren sits in the aisle seat next to Ryuji in the audience, and tries not to seem to
bored as the hosts go through their introductions.
His problem is quickly solved when they announce their guest. The co-host chirps cheerfully,
“And introducing our guest, the high-school detective, Goro Akechi!”
There is a chorus of hushed squeals from several of Ren’s classmates, as Ryuji hisses in his
ear, “Ain’t that the guy from yesterday?”
Ren nods slowly, taking in what he just heard as Akechi walks in with a picture-perfect smile,
exchanging some pleasantries with the hosts. A detective, huh? Ren really hopes he didn’t
overhear them talking about being Phantom Thieves. That would be a pretty tragic way to get
caught.
“But we’ve heard that there’s a case that’s recently been on your mind, Akechi-kun!” The
host says enthusiastically, and Akechi nods.
“Yes, that would be the case of the master artist Madarame and his recent confession.”
Akechi crosses his legs and brings a hand to his chin.
“Ah, so all this talk of the Phantom Thieves has caught your attention too!” The co-host
chitters, “Tell us, what’s your opinion on whether or not they’re real?”
Akechi gives another smile, “It’s certainly hard to speak on the validity of their claims after
only two examples. Just one short of a pattern, unfortunately,” he chuckles, “But, if these
Phantom Thieves are in fact real, in all their heart-stealing ways, I feel as though there is
another matter to address.”
Ren shifts forward in his seat, intrigued, as the hosts do the same.
“I believe that, once caught, the Phantom Thieves should be tried in a court of law.” Akechi
finishes, his tone dipping into something slightly sharper. Ren feels Ryuji and Ann stiffen
next to him.
The host’s face turns serious, “That’s quite the claim. Are they committing crimes?”

“Some people even argue that the Phantom Thieves are doing good for society, by making
people confess their crimes.” The co-host chimes in.
“The crimes that both Madarame and Kamoshida confessed to were truly deplorable,” Akechi
nods, narrowing his eyes, “And I agree that they needed to be brought to light. However, that
does not automatically mean that the Phantom Thieves have purely altruistic intentions. Just
as we cannot establish their existence with only two examples, we also cannot confirm if they
have society’s best interests at heart, and don’t have their own agenda.” The hosts hum in
response.
“Very interesting! Well, let’s start hearing some opinions from our audience,” The host
chimes in, “If you believe that the Phantom Thieves are real, press your buzzers now.”
Ren quickly presses his buzzer as he hears Ryuji grumble next to him and do the same.
The host nods at the result after the votes are all in, “About thirty percent or so. Thoughts,
Akechi-kun?”
Akechi raises his eyebrows, “That’s honestly higher than I was expecting. I’m surprised.” He
tilts his head in thought, “I’d love to hear some more detailed opinions, if possible.”
The co-host nods and stands up, beginning to walk towards the audience. She pauses in front
of Ren, who tries not to flinch at the sudden attention, and shoves the microphone in his face,
“Let’s ask this student here, then. What are your thoughts on the Phantom Thieves?”
Ren purses his lips together, thinking about what he wants to say. He accidentally makes eye
contact with Akechi. The detective still has a calm expression of pleasant neutrality, but Ren
can see the glint of a challenge dance in the other’s eyes, and he has to supress a smirk.
“I think,” Ren starts, “That their justice is necessary. Kamoshida and Madarame never would
have been caught, otherwise.”
Ryuji and Ann turn to give him an alarmed look, as Akechi’s smile sharpens slightly.
“Certainly a valid argument in their favour.” Akechi responds before the host can, “But that
aside, can you be so sure that a group such as the Phantom Thieves will continue to only
uphold justice?”
“Their M.O. so far is to just target criminals that the police can’t, or won’t, touch,” Ren says,
and Akechi’s smile grows even wider, “So I think that they’re pretty good to have around if
they’re doing more than the cops.” Ren gives a sharp grin of his own as Ryuji and Ann hiss
warnings at him.
“Naturally, I don’t begrudge the work they’ve done so far,” Akechi nods, “But can you be
certain that the thieves are infallible? Say that one day, your friend next to you receives a
change of heart.” Ryuji gapes in panic, “Would you simply assume that he must have been a
criminal, because thieves have targeted him? Do you place your trust in an anonymous group
to play judge, jury, and executioner with people’s lives, when we have no way of knowing if
their information is always correct?”

“If they’ve already uncovered crimes that were being ignored before,” Ren says after a beat,
arranging his argument, “Then I’d say their intel is pretty solid. There’s no reason to distrust
them right now.”
The hosts have been watching the exchange with the same energy as one would watch a
tennis match, as Akechi and Ren go back and forth in their debate.
“W-well,” The host eventually cuts in, as the co-host takes the mic away from Ren and
returns to her seat, “That was certainly a heated discussion,” He chuckles, “And a completely
different opinion from your own, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi nods, smile returning to something more passive, “Indeed. I must say that it was
rather interesting to hear.” He tilts his head, “But beyond the possible intentions of the
Phantom Thieves, I believe there is something else we’re overlooking.”
“And what might that be?” The co-host says, leaning forward.
“The matter of how the thieves change hearts.” Akechi says, uncrossing his legs and
threading his hands together, “We have no idea how such methods are performed, and we
don’t know if these methods can be used for more nefarious purposes other than extracting
confessions.”
Ren presses his lips together. From an outsider’s perspective like the one Akechi has, he has a
point on the mystery of changing hearts. Ren doesn’t know how to affect someone’s shadow
to do anything other than confess their wrongdoing, but didn’t Morgana warn them that if
they made the wrong move, they could cause a mental shutdown? That was certainly a risk
they considered with Kamoshida. Could the thieves accidentally mess up if they aren’t
careful?
Or, Ren thinks back to the other persona user that Madarame mentioned, could someone else
already be using the cognitive world for less than altruistic reasons?
The hosts wrap up while Ren muses some more, and Akechi takes his leave from the stage.
After the shoot, and while Ann and Ryuji have scurried elsewhere, (Not before some serious
disproving looks at Ren’s impromptu debate), Ren startles as Akechi approaches him.
“Oh, it’s you,” Akechi says, wide eyed, as though he hadn’t sought Ren out specificallywhich he highly suspects the detective did.
“I wanted to thank you,” Akechi continues after Ren gives him a nod, “It’s rare to have such
an interesting roundtable of opinions on talk shows like these.”
Ren messes with his fringe, “Is it still a roundtable If there’s only two people?”
Akechi pauses, then chuckles behind his hand, “I suppose not, but my point still stands.”
Ren nods, a small smile working its way onto his face, “My name is Ren, by the way. Ren
Amamiya.”

“Amamiya.” Akechi repeats, “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” He hums, “I
certainly enjoyed our discussion up there. So many people are willing to fall into step with
the thoughts of those around them, but you managed to establish yourself as unique in
mind.”
Ren’s smile grows a little wider, “I have a rebellious spirit.” He says, trying not to laugh at
his own inside joke. Arsène chuckles in his mind.
Akechi laughs, as though he gets it, “It certainly seems that way. Do you believe the Phantom
Thieves to be as strong-willed as you?”
Ren nods firmly, “I would think so.”
The corner of Akechi’s mouth twitches, before he breaks out into one of his regular smiles,
“You really are interesting.” He hums, “Would you mind if we exchanged contact
information? I’d enjoy it if we could keep having these discussions.”
Ren is taken aback for a moment before he nods, “I’d love to.” He says, genuinely.
“Well then,” Akechi says, eyes crinkling slightly at the corners, “I look forward to our future
discussions.”
He holds out his left hand, and Ren takes it and shakes in affirmationThe world stills, and cracksI am thou,
Thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new vow,
Thou hast acquired a new bond,
It shall become the wings of rebellion that breaketh thy chains of captivity,
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the birth of
Through the forging of
The Justice
Persona
Arcana
I have obtained the winds of blessing that shall lead to freedom, and new power.

thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own
truth.
Both boys blink again, as the voices in their heads quiet down.
Akechi tilts his head slightly. The Justice arcana? A little on the nose, for a bond with the
leader of a vigilante group. But, who’s he to judge? At least he doesn’t have to guess what
this one represents.
Akechi takes out his phone, as Amamiya does the same, and they both exchange their
numbers and chat IDs.
“Hope to see you around, detective.” Amamiya says with a smirk. And, oh, lovely, he’s
insufferable.
“And you as well, Amamiya.” Akechi says with a pleasant smile, waving and taking his
leave.
It is unfortunate, Akechi thinks as he arrives back in his dressing room, that he’s forged a
bond with Amamiya. As interesting as Akechi finds him, they are bound to be enemies at
some point.
Amamiya has already proven as such today. Akechi’s opinions in this interview were tailored
as a warning- remind the thieves of the fire that they’re playing with; both with the police and
public opinion. Unfortunately, Amamiya seemed to take that as a challenge.
Akechi finds he isn’t disappointed.
But nevertheless, Akechi’s worst fears of the Phantom Thieves being absolute morons have
come to fruition. Akechi had been planning to figure out the thieves’ real-world identities at a
later date, but they did his job for him when they started shouting about their thieving
exploits in a public area.
And because they’re too stupid to back out of a fight they won’t win, Akechi now has to play
damage control, as he does with everything in his life.
Well, it’s already too late for the thieves to escape unnoticed, anyway. Targeting Madarame
was their first mistake, and they’re bound to make many more.
***
That evening, Ren dreams.
Crack, a hit. A clang, as another goes wide. A scrape, and a screech, as Ren dodges.
He hates this. He hates all of this- this shouldn’t be happening. They’re both desperate, but
it’s clear that the thieves will win just by sheer numbers. This isn’t the rematch Ren wanted,
he wanted it to be fair, this is just-

Somewhere else, Akechi also dreams.
Akechi can’t hear anything beyond the hissing of static and the pumping of blood. He can’t
see anything beyond his tunnel vision. Can hardly feel the cuts and scrapes that are building
up on his body, as he tanks hit after hit after hitDo they think they can beat him? This is his domain. He’s been through hell and back for this
shit, there’s no way he’ll lose-

Ren staggers as the other lands a good hit, his teammates calling out in distress. He hisses
through his teeth as he feels the wounds stich themselves back together courtesy of a healing
spell. He shakes his head and gets back in the fight.
Fuck, why can’t he just listen? Ren tried so hard to make this go any way other than straight
to hell, but the other is fighting him at every turn. Can he even hear Ren right now? He can
see one blood red eye piercing through the other’s broken helmet, and Ren thinks at least this
is the truth. He knows now that there will truly never be anyone else like-

Akechi has let himself succumb to madness many times before. It happens every time he uses
the call, after all. While his victim is unable to resist the call of chaos that rings in their ears,
Akechi has the chance to fight to keep control of his own mind. Though, his success rate is a
little patchy.
He rarely uses the spell directly on himself, but, ha, hahaha, desperate times is the saying,
right?
He won’t lose, he thinks again. Not to him-

Ren shouts as the other finally falls, beaten and bloodied. The persona that was managing to
fend off eight of them at once finally dissipates, and Ren tries to catch his breath as his
teammates take control of the conversation.
He’s so tired. He can tell the other is, as well.
His friends extend their hand, and Ren is relieved. He doesn’t have to argue with anyone,
then. The only person he has to convince is-

Akechi feels the madness and static fade. They want him to join them? Fuck that. This was his
fight long before they all got life handed to them on a silver platter.
And even him, the sentimental sack of shit, wants Akechi to join them. He can only laugh,
tired and broken. There’s no way. It’s impossible that they could want him.

He’s so sick of this. He’s almost glad when that thing shows up-

Ren feels sick as the other gets a gun pressed to his head by something wearing his face. No.
Not now. They were so closeRen isn’t fast enough when the cognition summons backup. He isn’t fast enough when the
other shoots the cognition. He isn’t fast enough when the bulkhead door rises between them.
“You promised!” Ren shouts at the wall, like that will save him. “I’ll hold onto your glove,”
He whispers, like that’s enough to change fate.

Akechi chokes up a laugh, “You really are…”
Are what? He doesn’t know. The other just is, and Akechi’s glad that it’s his voice that will be
the last thing he ever hears.
He takes aim, and-

Ren hears two gunshots, and the world ends.

Ren wakes up, just in time to stop a shout from bubbling past his lips, only remembering the
vision of the bulkhead door and the sound of gunshots.
Somewhere else, Akechi wakes up, shaking and drenched in sweat, only remembering the
taste of metal and the sneer of something wearing his face.
***
A few days later, Akechi meets Yoshizawa in Mementos. They slip in through the evening
peak hour rush, hiding in an inconspicuous alleyway before activating the Nav, the rest of the
commuters none the wiser.
“Madarame has been interrogated.” Akechi says without preamble, stepping into the subway
tunnels, “He was unable to provide any indication as to why he confessed other than a sense
of responsibility and crushing guilt.” He clicks his tongue.
Yoshizawa hums. “Is that the same with what happened to Kamoshida?”
“Their confessions were strikingly similar,” Akechi nods, “Almost word for word, in some
parts, excluding the particulars of their crimes.”

Yoshizawa looks thoughtful as she trails behind Akechi, occasionally jogging to keep up with
his long strides.
“What information do you intend on exchanging?” He says after she’s quiet for too long,
“Surely you don’t intend to simply have a fun outing in the sewage of humanity’s thoughts?”
he drawls.
Yoshizawa laughs, “I can definitely think of places that we’d enjoy more.” She tilts her head,
“You know how changes of heart work, right?”
“I do not.” Akechi says flatly, insulted that she would assume so.
Yoshizawa looks taken aback, “Really? Then…” she trails off, and shakes her head,
“Nevermind. How about, you tell me more about how the Metaverse works, and I tell you
about changes of heart?”
Akechi hums, and cocks his head. A fair trade, all things considered. If anything, he’s getting
the better deal since Yoshizawa didn’t specify what information she wants. He eventually
nods, “Is there anything in particular you want explained? I can’t promise I have all the
answers.”
Yoshizawa nods happily at her idea being accepted, “Can you tell me about those doors that
block our progress into deeper levels? I was stopped by the first one, in April, but after May
it opened up for me.”
Akechi narrows his eyes. That’s… odd. “Those doors are related to the extent by which you
are rooted in the collective unconscious. Basically, the more people think about you, the
deeper into Mementos you’ll be able to descend.” He explains, “My fame as the detective
prince allows me to travel quite a way down. Though,” he presses his lips together, “I’m
unsure why you were allowed past the first door in May. Were there any recent events that
got people talking about you?”
Yoshizawa frowns, “None that hadn’t already happened by the first time I tried to get past the
door.” She shrugs. “What about the Phantom Thieves? Are they able to open the doors as a
group?”
“In theory, yes.” Akechi nods, “Their fame has increased significantly over the past few days.
I would guess that anyone who is perceived as ‘part of the thieves’ would be able to use their
fame as a key. And, because the only people with an active cognition as to who the members
of the thieves, are the thieves themselves, then presumably one would only need to personally
identify as one of their number to get their pass.”
Yoshizawa smiles to herself, “It’s kind of like namedropping, then.”
Akechi sighs, “If that is how you wish to analogise it, then yes. Sure.”
She laughs, and Akechi rolls his eyes and continues down the path.

Yoshizawa walks faster to keep up with him. She looks to the side, biting her lip. “How was
your shoot the other day?”
Akechi gives her a look, “Why do you ask?”
She looks sheepish, “Well, there were Shujin students there, right? Did anything interesting
happen, or…?”
This, Akechi thinks, is what confuses him the most about Yoshizawa. There’s a lot about her
story of how she awakened that doesn’t add up, and he’s been letting it slide. But, he does
have his limits, and the curiosity and sense of wrong has been eating at him.
She claims that she managed to follow the thieves into the Metaverse, avoid being seen,
stumble into a place with enough shadows to force an awakening, and still avoid detection
while escaping, all because she has issues with one of them.
And then, there’s the matter of how she knew Akechi is a persona user. The excuse he made
up for her was that she had likely seen him while exploring Mementos, but that doesn’t
actually explain how she knew it was him. His mask is more of a helmet, and he doubts that
she would be able to identify him like that.
Additionally, Robin was able to immediately sense Yoshizawa in the Metaverse when they
first encountered each other, and that had been the first time he’d ever registered that signal.
She seems put off by his pleasantries, and delighted when he lets the mask slip, like she’s
known what’s really underneath this whole time.
She doesn’t know what he is- she can’t, because she’s never even implied it.
She doesn’t work for Shido, because he’d already have a knife in his back if that were the
case.
Something isn’t right. And now she’s prying for information.
“What is it that you’re trying to gain from this, Yoshizawa?” He asks sharply, and she
flinches back.
“What?” She gapes, “I don’t-”
“You’re implying that you already know that something happened at the TV station. That
interview was an advance recording, so it hasn’t aired just yet.” Akechi talks over her,
“You’re fishing for information.”
“No, I just,” Yoshizawa cuts herself off, looking guilty. She’s digging herself a deeper grave,
and who is Akechi to stop her?
“What is it that you’re really looking for with this deal?” He says lowly, “You sought me out
specifically, when you have five perfectly available other persona users to choose from for
help- four of which you awakened in general proximity to.” He takes a step forward, “You

were somehow able to identify me as a persona user, despite the fact that I’ve never sensed
you in the Metaverse, and my outfit is uniquely situated for disguising my identity.”
Yoshizawa stares at him, pale-faced and wide-eyed, as she presses her lips together.
“So, tell me, what am I missing?” Akechi hisses.
A beat.
“I’m a time traveller!” She blurts, and immediately claps her hands over her mouth and looks
horrified.
(Akechi can feel the Magician arcana grow to its third rank)
Ha. Haha.
Well, he thinks, hysterically, he should have been working on these bonds earlier if it only
takes three ranks to be privy to someone’s most tight-lipped secrets.
“Are you fucking with me, Yoshizawa?” He growls, and she shrinks back even further.
“No?” She squeaks. “I- well. Um. The world sort of ended on February third of next year?
Kind of? So that’s why I’m…” her voice gets smaller and higher as she keeps talking.
Akechi feels as though he’s gone through the five stages of grief in rapid succession.
Actually, no he hasn’t, because he skipped acceptance and looped back around to denial.
Akechi flips up the visor of his mask and pinches the bridge of his nose, “You cannot be
serious.”
“Um, well.” Yoshizawa stutters, “I am, though. Being serious.” At least she has the sense to
look apologetic about it.
Akechi lets out a frustrated growl and stalks away from Yoshizawa, “We’re not talking about
this here. I’m finding a safe floor, come on.” He barks over his shoulder.
Yoshizawa makes a small noise of affirmation, and scurries after him, steering clear of the
havoc he lets out on the intermittent shadows in his frustration.
YOU DID ASK FOR AN ANSWER. SHE GAVE YOU ONE.
Akechi would like a different answer, if at all possible.
***
Sumire shifts very uncomfortably on the bench of the safe floor that Akechi has found.
To talk.
About the time travel she just admitted to.

She… didn’t mean to do that.
She hears Ella sigh in the back of her mind.
It sort of just slipped out. He was being aggressive and demanding answers, which, Sumire
has to admit, is probably fair- she’d be paranoid about all this stuff too. And Akechi is, well,
Akechi, so he’s extra paranoid.
She really didn’t mean for it to slip out like this.
“So, um,” She says to Akechi, who is sitting eerily still on the bench opposite from her.
“Explain.” He says, words clipped, “What you are talking about.”
Explain. She can do that.
Right?
She’ll start with the overview.
“Okay, so,” Sumire huffs, “The reason that my awakening story had a bunch of holes in it is
because I actually awakened in October. Last year. Well.” She wrings her hands together,
“This year, but before time looped.”
Akechi takes a long breath, the picture of calm, “And then?”
“Well, I didn’t really interact with the Metaverse again until January of next year,” Sumire
continues, glad that he’s saving his disbelief for after she finishes, “Basically, there was this
whole thing where uh- do you know my school counsellor? Takuto Maruki?” He gives her a
flat look that says ‘no’, “Uh, well, anyway, he used to research cognitive psience, and he
became a persona user at one point. But not fully until Christmas Eve of this year.”
Akechi gives her yet another look, and she shrugs, “I don’t really get it either, but, basically,
he also got the power of a god,” she blanches slightly as Akechi pushes up his visor to scrape
his hands down his face, “I’ll, uh, loop back around to that one- but he became a god, and he
was obsessed with using his unique persona power of actualisation to force everyone into a
perfect reality. And,” she sighs, “We couldn’t stop him in time.”
Akechi looks up, “We?”
Sumire nods, trying to smile, “You and I joined the Phantom Thieves to try and take Maruki
down.”
Akechi’s face is still carefully neutral, “I see. And how is it that we failed? Why did only you
get sent back in time?”
Sumire bites her lip. This is definitely what she was hoping to avoid. It was only a
hypothetical before, but now she actually has a stake in Ren and Akechi’s friendship.
She doesn’t even know why Ren did what he did yet, so…

She can leave telling him until after she figures it out. And until Akechi knows Ren enough
to have his own opinion.
“We ran out of time.” Sumire says, voice carefully level, “There was a deadline, and we
didn’t make it.” Akechi nods for her to continue, “And as for why I’m the one who got sent
back? I… have no idea.” She shrugs helplessly, “What happened gets kind of blurry. But, I
was alone at the time. I know all the other thieves were in one place together, and I’m not
sure where you were.”
Akechi nods, “Alright. A perfectly believable story.” He cocks his head, “Anything to prove
it?”
Sumire breathes harshly through her nose, pressing her lips together, “José could tell that
time had looped. You can ask him?”
Akechi nods again, poker face still going strong, “I will do that.” He brings a hand to his
chin, “How about you tell me something else? Who is going to be the thieves next target? It
isn’t immediate proof, per say, but it will become evidence in your favour later on.”
Sumire laughs nervously, “Well, I can’t actually remember his name, is the thing.”
“Of course.” Akechi deadpans.
“But I remember that he was a mafia boss!” Sumire says quickly, “And I can tell you all the
other targets, too.”
“Well, ‘mafia boss’ narrows it down.” Akechi says sarcastically, which Sumire thinks is a bit
unfair, “Go on, then. Predict the future.”
“Well, after the mafia guy, I don’t actually know if the thieves took anyone down in the
cognitive world, because they went after Medjed.” Sumire tugs on her ponytail.
Akechi hums, “An anonymous hacker group. How did they deal with that one?”
“One of the future thieves is an amazing hacker.” Sumire smiles slightly, “She hasn’t joined
yet, but she will by August, I think.”
“I see.” Akechi waves his hand, “Who’s next, then?”
“Kunikazu Okumura.” Sumire says confidently, “But, um, something went wrong with him.
He ended up having a mental shutdown after he was sent a calling card. But it wasn’t the
thieves’ fault!” She hastily adds.
Akechi lets out a small huff of breath, face still. “Well, that’s something to look out for, then.
Who was next?”
“Sae Niijima,” Sumire says, and Akechi’s calm drops for open surprise, “I think that the
thieves were trying to avoid being arrested, since they were framed for what happened to
Okumura.”

Akechi folds his arms and looks into the middle distance. “She doesn’t even have a palace
though, so…” He mumbles to himself. After a moment, he bites his lip, as though he’s
realised something.
“Her palace was a casino,” Sumire says quietly, “I managed to see that one.”
Akechi nods, considering, “That isn’t entirely surprising.” He says with an unreadable tone.
Sumire frowns, but moves on, “Um, after her was Masayoshi Shido-”
She’s cut off as Akechi coughs suddenly, going very still and face painted with alarm.
“Seriously?” He hisses, and Sumire nods awkwardly.
“He confessed to being the one behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns,”
She says, and Akechi’s face goes blank again, “And I remember you mentioning that you had
asked the thieves to target him? But I’m not really sure what happened, since I wasn’t
properly involved until Maruki came into the picture.”
Akechi nods, face unreadable, and Sumire shifts uncomfortably.
“Was, um, Shido the person who you were afraid of researching cognitive psience?” She says
tentatively after a beat, “I know he had something to do with it, since he shut down Maruki’s
research a few years ago, so…”
Akechi’s head snaps up, like he had been in thought, and he gives a jerky nod.
“There’s no point in keeping it from you since you already know,” he says smoothly, “But,
yes, I was concerned about Shido’s involvement in the cognitive world.”
Sumire wrings her hands in her lap, “Did you already know he was behind the shutdowns and
breakdowns?” She asks with genuine curiosity.
He gives her a searching look, before nodding slowly, “Yes,” He says, “I did.”
Sumire nods. There’s probably a reason Akechi has been unable to deal with Shido in both
the real and cognitive worlds, she thinks. Shido is a powerful politician in reality, so that’s
definitely an ordeal to take him down there. And in the cognitive world, it’s quite the ask for
one person to take on a palace alone.
And, Sumire thinks with dawning understanding, Akechi doesn’t know how to change hearts.
“Well,” Akechi says suddenly, startling Sumire out of her thoughts, “I think that’s enough for
today.” He gives her a sharp look, “But this discussion isn’t over.”
Sumire nods nervously, “Okay.” She worries her lips together, “Do… do you believe me?”
She asks quietly.
Akechi looks her up and down, “I can’t say that I’m fully convinced just yet,” he says slowly,
“But you do have a lot of information that would have been extremely hard to obtain with

events as they are now. And I’ll speak to José, as you suggested.” He finishes, and Sumire
breathes a sigh of relief and finally lets a warm smile break out on her face.
“Thank you, Akechi-san.” She says, and Akechi turns away.

Chapter End Notes

*akihiko voice* I've been waiting forAm I going to make that joke every time something important happens? Probably.
In all seriousness though, the scene where Sumire panic admits to time travel is one of
the first scenes I had in mind when I visualised this fic, so I'm very glad to get around to
sharing it.
The entire premise of this fic is also bascially 'This is all the Justice arcana's fault', so
surely only good things can happen now that it's started, right?
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 3
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 2
José - Star Rank 1
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 1
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 1
___
Sumire: And then Okumura died by mental shutdown...
Akechi: Something for me to look forward to, I guess.
Sumire: What?
Akechi: What?

Chapter 14
Chapter Summary

Akechi and Ren rank up some confidants.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi doesn’t want to admit that Yoshizawa has thoroughly thrown him for a loop, but she
definitely has.
The worst thing is that she’s probably telling the truth.
The information that she was able to provide goes beyond just educated guesses, and the fact
that she still doesn’t know what Akechi does means that she likely doesn’t actually have
intimate knowledge of the conspiracy, which would have been Akechi’s first explanation as
to why she has all this information.
But, alas. Time travel.
Medjed, Okumura, Sae, Shido, and Maruki. All the names that Yoshizawa was able to
provide are… concerning to say the least.
Medjed, because the only way for the thieves to take them down would be for them to have a
highly competent hacker on their team, as Yoshizawa already confirmed.
Okumura, because he died by mental shutdown before he could have a change of heart.
Akechi knows what his job is, and has no delusions as to who was (and likely will be)
responsible for the man’s death. If Shido is willing to assassinate one of his biggest
customers, then he’s either very paranoid or overly confident. Neither spell good things.
Sae, because much to Akechi’s chagrin, he has a modicum of fondness for the one coworker
he can tolerate. She doesn’t deserve to be in the firing line of the conspiracy, nor does she
deserve to have her heart ripped out and made hollow like the thieves’ other targets.
He also wants to see what the Moon arcana can do for him, and if Sae is indisposed that
might be a problem.
Maruki, because the implication of becoming a god is horrifying, and the further information
that he was (is?) obsessed with ‘making everyone happy’ in some ideal reality makes Akechi
want to claw his skin off. He actually believes Yoshizawa when she says that Akechi
willingly worked with the thieves to take the counsellor down, just out of necessity to avoid
whatever fresh hell would be the alternative.

What he doesn’t believe, however, is that he would ask the thieves to target Shido instead of
destroying the man himself.
The past three years (longer, if he’s being serious) Akechi has been devoted to the sole
purpose of making Masayoshi Shido acknowledge exactly what he deserves, to be subject to
all the suffering that he subjected Akechi’s mother to. He wants the man to break beneath his
heel, for him to watch as his delicate tower of hubris crumbles in his hands, to be the small
leak that sinks a great ship.
And Akechi wants Shido to know exactly who his downfall was orchestrated by.
In his head, that’s all Akechi is. A goal. There is no after, no alternative in his head, because
in his mind there is nothing else he could possibly want to live for other than making sure
Shido gets what’s coming to him.
(He feels Robin and Loki shift in an unidentifiable emotion)
So the idea that he would pass such a goal on to someone else, especially the thieves, of all
people, is something he cannot allow to pass.
Maybe he failed, last timeline. Maybe there was some unforeseen obstruction that undid
years of work that forced Akechi to move the goalposts.
Well, not this time. He’s still in the game, and he intends to win.
Beyond that, though, Akechi thinks as he slips into Mementos, is the issue of why Yoshizawa
was sent back in time.
Apparently they all failed to fight Maruki. ‘Ran out of time’, she said.
Akechi thinks about Amamiya, his steel will and unmovable sense of justice. He’s only
properly met the boy once and Akechi already knows that he wouldn’t go down without a
fight.
So it’s somewhat satisfying to hear that he went down anyway. Justice only got him so far,
and reality had crumbled around him before Yoshizawa got sent back to clean up his mess.
Akechi steps out into the subway tunnels, and sighs. He came down here to speak to José, but
he really doesn’t want to wander around for a few hours trying to track him down.
Akechi calls Robin to the front of his mind, who hums cheerfully, and sends out a widespread
scan of the area. He gets back the information of shadow locations, strength, and the
occasional weakness, but nothing on the kid.
Akechi frowns. José isn’t anywhere near him, then.
Although, could it be possible that he doesn’t actually have to go looking for him? If José can
sense the arcana that Akechi has, then…

Akechi closes his eyes, and focuses on the Star arcana. He can feel it resonate warmly in his
chest, whispering a small ‘rank one’ in the base of his mind.
Sure enough, Akechi hears the rumbling of a car in the distance.
“Hey, mister!” José waves from the driver’s seat, “You were calling, right?” he laughs, “It
kinda tickled.”
“Apologies,” Akechi says reflexively, and also because having a metaphysical bond give off
a physical sensation sounds unpleasant.
“It’s fine,” José says, blinking, “It’s sort of like… hm. Remembering that you exist? And how
that’s nice? That’s how it felt.” He nods confidently.
“Sure,” Akechi says, itching to get to the point, “A question, do you know Yoshizawa? The
girl with the black mask and red hair?” He adds when he realises that José seems averse to
calling people by their names.
“Hmm.” José scrunches his face, “Oh! Yes, that lady. She was very strange.”
“Why so?” Akechi says, moving closer to the car.
José hops out of the driver’s seat in the space next to Akechi, “Well, I’m not sure if I can tell
you…”
“Has time looped?” Akechi interrupts, wanting to skip the dilemma on confidentiality.
José’s eyes widen, “Oh, do you remember too?” He frowns, “But, I can’t see…”
“I don’t remember.” Akechi says flatly, “Yoshizawa informed me that she travelled through
time after a world-ending event sometime next year. Is this true?”
José nods far too cheerfully for someone confirming the end of the world, “Yup! She’s so
strange because it’s usually wildcards like you or the other mister that person chooses for this
kind of stuff, so something must have happened for him to choose her.”
So Yoshizawa is an anomaly, then. And Akechi would bet a fair amount that the ‘other
mister’, is Amamiya. Akechi saw the thief swap through at least six different personas in
Madarame’s palace, so he definitely fits the bill of ‘wildcard.’
Hm.
Yoshizawa said she was alone when time looped. So she wouldn’t know if something had
happened to him or Amamiya, who are apparently the two preferred candidates for such time
travel situations as these.
The implication that there are procedures for this is worrying. How often does reality need to
be reset?

“Hey, mister,” José interrupts Akechi’s thoughts, “You want to further our deal, right? Since I
told you something, can you tell me something about humans?”
Akechi nods slowly, “Of course. What do you want to know?”
José scratches his head, and hums, “How about… Oh! Why is it that you act differently
towards me than you do the other things in this place? You really hate the shadows here.”
Akechi schools his expression to not seem so taken aback. He didn’t expect a personal
question- though he supposes it’s fair game since he’s human himself.
He probably should have made the terms of their deal more specific.
“Because we have a deal, and I do not wish to harm our future endeavours.” Akechi
eventually settles on, satisfied at it being completely accurate and impersonal.
José looks thoughtful, “So humans act differently towards people that they want something
from?”
“Yes.” Akechi says, and leaves it at that.
“Oh.” José says, face scrunching again. “Is that why you don’t like humans, mister?”
Whatever third eye bullshit this kid has is very annoying, “What gives you that impression?”
Akechi says anyway, just to be coy.
“Well, some of the shadows that you’ve killed down here belong to people, and that hurts
them.” José states matter-of-factly, “Did you know?”
“I do.” Akechi says blankly.
“Oh.” José frowns, “That’s why I think you don’t like humans, then. Why do you like hurting
them, though?”
Akechi scoffs, his unaffected demeanour cracking, “It’s not like I do it for fun.”
José looks more confused, “Then why do you do it?”
Akechi sighs, “Sometimes, humans do things they don’t want to do because it gets them
closer to something they do want to do.”
“Oh, okay, I think I understand,” José says, not at all looking like he understands, “That’s all
I wanted to ask for now. Do you need anything else?”
“No, that’s all.” Akechi says pleasantly, trying to patch up the crack in his mask.
José doesn’t seem to care, though, as he cheerfully hops back in his car.
Akechi feels the Star arcana grow to rank two.

“Oh!” José grins, “I wasn’t sure if that would happen yet, but I guess we talked enough?” He
gives a wave, “I’ll see you later, mister! If you need to talk to me, you can just do what you
did earlier to call me.” With that, he peels off before Akechi can respond.
Akechi leans against the wall, and flips up his visor to pinch the bridge of his nose. Are all
arcana rank ups going to be this exhausting? Between Yoshizawa and José, he thinks that
they certainly are.
Time travel is real, and he has some kid questioning his motivations for why he does what he
does. What a day.
***
When Sumire gets a text from Akechi two days after she admitted to time travel, saying that
he’s confirmed her claims, she has to stop herself from jumping with excitement.
She has someone who knows. And believes her. She doesn’t have to tiptoe around the issue
anymore.
An excellent development. Ella hums in the back of her mind.
This is amazing, Sumire thinks. Even though Akechi is an all-around secretive and cagey
person, she doesn’t think she could have asked for someone better to be her friend in all this.
And he believes her.
Sumire thinks that she probably isn’t going to get over this for at least a few days.
She checks her phone again, and sees that she has another text from Akechi, requesting she
look into who the thieves’ next target may be. That shouldn’t be too difficult- if all else fails
she can just tail them again.
Sumire smiles. She had been giddy when she managed to corner Akechi in Mementos, and
now that she doesn’t have to lie to him, she feels even better. Maybe he’ll even stop
pretending that they’re only working together because they made a deal.
And also because Sumire doesn’t really have any more information to give. She kind of
already dropped the biggest bomb she has.
Except, she thinks with a twinge, the exact truth behind why they failed to stop Maruki.
She’ll hold onto that one until she figures it out. And maybe until she manages to get over her
issue with Ren.
She bites her lip, and stops thinking about that.
She wonders if Akechi is going to be more forthcoming about what he knows from here on
out. The optimistic part of her hopes that he’ll sit down and explain to her everything that he
knows, outlining everything to do with cognitive psience and the key to how they can fix
everything that went wrong last timeline.

The realistic part of her reminds her that he’s probably only going to tell her things as they
become immediately important. She remembers how Akechi would clam up in January
whenever she asked anything a little too personal, only to be dismissed with a frosty ‘none of
your business.’
So, yeah. She’s probably not going to get anything too big out of him just yet.
But, they weren’t that close in January. So, maybe, if she becomes closer friends with him
and proves he can trust her, then he’ll open up.
Sumire sighs to herself.
From what she knows about Akechi, that’s going to take a lot of work.
But, what kind of friend would she be if she doesn’t even try?
***
Akechi isn’t sure what he’s doing, exactly, killing time outside of Penguin Sniper.
Are you at least going to play a game?
STOP WASTING TIME. GO DO SOMETHING INTERESTING.
Akechi supresses an eyeroll, knowing that his personas will get the message anyway. They
aren’t arguing with each other, but they are arguing with him, which is basically the same
thing anyway.
“Hey, Akechi.”
Akechi carefully does not startle as Amamiya walks up to him, bag slung over one of his
shoulders, with a cat peeking through the zipper.
Said cat jumps up to lean against Amamiya’s shoulder, “Are you going to spend time with
Akechi?” He can hear the disapproval in the cat’s voice, which is an insult Akechi never
thought he’d have to experience.
“Ah, Amamiya,” Akechi says with a calm smile, “Do you have business in Kichijoji?”
Amamiya shrugs, “I was just looking around. You?”
Akechi hums, “I’m afraid I wasn’t doing anything particularly interesting.”
The cat yowls again, “What, so he was just standing here? That’s weird.”
Akechi thinks he does a stellar job of not reacting. Amamiya, admittedly, also does an
adequate job, considering the cat is right next to his ear.
“Did you want to do something, then?” Amamiya asks, reaching up to twist his fringe
between his fingers, “Since you’re free.”

Akechi raises his eyebrows slightly, painting polite surprise on his face, “Sure, I’d be happy
to. How about, hm…” he makes a show of considering it, “Since we’re right here, why not
play a game of billiards? Are you familiar with the rules?”
Akechi gets no small amount of satisfaction when a look of panic quickly dashes across
Amamiya’s face, “Uh. Yeah. I know how to play.”
“Really?” The cat asks with disbelief, and Amamiya carefully shoves it back in the bag.
“Wonderful.” Akechi says with one of his best smiles, “Shall we go, then?”
Amamiya nods, and crouches to the side of the stairway to quickly shoo the cat away to do
something else in the meantime. The cat eventually relents, after some loud complaints, and
stalks off unhappily into the Kichijoji streets.
“You carry your cat around?” Akechi asks, because it would probably be weirder if he didn’t,
“And you let him run around on his own?”
“Yeah,” Amamiya says, standing back up, “He’s smart.” He grins like he’s in on a joke, “His
name is Morgana.”
“I see.” Akechi says, and turns to walk up the stairs. Amamiya follows without preamble, and
the two enter the darts and billiards hall.
Akechi pays both of their entry fees, because it seems polite. He almost smirks at the slight
pout he receives in response.
Akechi decides to throw him a bone, “You said you were aware of the billiards rules, but if
you need a refresher there’s a rule book over there.” He points out a stack of pamphlets
seated at the bar, and Amamiya nods nonchalantly and picks up a copy, Akechi setting up the
table as he reads.
Amamiya eventually puts down the pamphlet, “Did you want the first shot?”
Akechi smiles, and lines up his shot.
In truth, he only agreed to spend time with Amamiya because he’s curious. Curious as to why
someone like him has the strong will he does. Curious as to why the boy decided to become a
vigilante (Akechi sincerely doubts that just happens). Curious as to how he and his friends
gained access to the Metanav, a whole three years after Akechi gained it himself.
Curious as to how someone like him accepted failure at the end of the world.
Curious as to why the both of them apparently aren’t good enough to fix it.
Curiosity, as it happens, is a dangerous emotion for Akechi, because he doesn’t have the will
power to resist its temptation.
Or, rather, he corrects himself, he does have the will, but simply chooses not to take
advantage of it.

So, he supresses a mean grin as the cue stick cracks against the white ball, and sends the neat
triangle scattering.
“Ah,” Akechi feigns embarrassment, “My apologies, a break ace.”
“Nice.” Amamiya says, like he didn’t learn the rules for this game three minutes ago.
“That one won’t count, obviously,” Akechi says, moving to rearrange the table.
Akechi’s main point of curiosity with Amamiya is the question of how he’ll react to a
challenge. What’s his breaking point? The end of the world, clearly, if he failed to save it, but
what about before then?
Just as the calm façade hides an overflowing confidence that can’t help but bubble to the
surface in fits and starts, does something far weaker lie beneath the surface? Something that
couldn’t stand up to a threat when it became too much?
Or, another part of Akechi muses, is the power of a god too much for anyone to handle? Is
Amamiya doomed to failure because of who he is or because of what the world has decided
to throw at him?
Akechi still thinks that’s a weak excuse.
They start another round, and Akechi lets Amamiya have the first shot this time. While the
boy is lining up his shot, Akechi tosses the cue stick into his right hand. It’s the other’s first
time playing, after all- it’s not interesting if there isn’t a challenge.
You just want to see if he’ll notice.
SAE STILL HASN’T.
Also true.
“Why is it that you agreed to play billiards if you didn’t actually know how to play?” Akechi
says as Amamiya takes his first shot.
His eyes widen a fraction before a shit-eating grin splits his face. “You’ve seen through my
ruse, oh great master of deduction.” Amamiya drops the dramatics, and shrugs, “It seemed
like the only thing you’d agree to.” He admits.
Akechi leans over the table to take his own shot, and shoots Amamiya an unimpressed look,
“Oh? Do I really seem so stiff?”
“Stiff as a board, detective.” Amamiya deadpans, before looking thoughtful. “But, no. It was
just a feeling, I guess.”
Akechi nods, and cracks the cue against his target, “I see. Why go so far as to lying about
knowing how to play, though?”
Amamiya looks sheepish and kicks at the ground. “Uh. I panicked.”

Akechi huffs, smothering a proper laugh, “You seem to swing between flat honesty and
excessive dramatics rather quickly, Amamiya.” He says with a teasing lilt.
Amamiya frowns, “Did you invite me out just to psychoanalyse me?” He moves to line up
another shot.
“Well, you do intrigue me.” Akechi says flatly. He hums, “But you are allowed to turn the
tables, if you wish.”
“Hm.” Amamiya looks contemplative. “I’m trying to figure out why you approached me after
your interview the other day.” He says as he sinks a ball.
“Oh?”
“Yeah.” He nods, moving to continue his turn, “Most people don’t enjoy being actively
disagreed with, so I’m just trying to figure out if you’re weird or if it’s something else.” He
pauses, then shrugs as though shaking off another thought.
“Those two are not necessarily mutually exclusive.” Akechi says, fighting to keep the
sardonic tone out of his voice. He half succeeds. “But if I must provide an answer, then I
suppose it’s just rare that people voice their honest opinions to me.” That, and it’s rare that he
gets to debate with the leaders of vigilante groups, but same difference.
“Do people not argue with you often?” Amamiya looks up curiously as Akechi assesses the
state of the table.
“Plenty of people do.” Akechi shakes his head. “But usually, people will either be falling
over themselves to agree with me, or they’ll play devil’s advocate to just be contrarian.”
“How did you know that I was different?” Amamiya asks with genuine curiosity.
That is a question that gives Akechi pause.
The simplest answer, even if it’s not an answer he can say to Amamiya, is that he knows what
Amamiya is. Know thy enemy, someone said, and Akechi has certainly taken that advice to
heart in the past.
He feels like that’s not all there is, though.
Was it the influence of the arcana about to solidify itself in Akechi’s heart?
Was it the challenge in his eyes?
Something else?
He isn’t sure.
“I’m not sure. Just a feeling, I suppose.” Akechi says with a smile, mirroring Amamiya’s
earlier words. Amamiya smirks at that, and takes a shot that manages to pocket two balls.

“You’re close to winning,” Akechi says with a serene smile, “But how will you attempt your
last shot?”
Amamiya’s face appears contemplative as he regards the billiards table. Eventually, he lines
up a shot and hits the ball too forcefully, his target clipping the edge of the pocket, and flying
out of its goal with the excessive momentum.
Amamiya narrows his eyes as Akechi takes his turn and cleans up the rest of the table
following the other’s missed shot.
“It seems it’s my win again.” Akechi says, not bothering to hide his smugness.
Amamiya frowns, before a teasing smile spreads across his face, “I thought you said the first
one didn’t count?”
“I suppose not,” Akechi concedes, “It was a fluke, after all.” He lies.
Amamiya nods, before looking slightly confused and tilting his head, looking Akechi up and
down.
“Is something the matter?” Akechi asks, feeling awkward.
“Aren’t you…?” Amamiya murmurs, before straightening his back, “You’re left-handed,
right? But you played that game with your right hand.” He looks Akechi in the eye, a
challenge and a question sparking behind his glasses.
And, well, that’s what he was looking for, no? Akechi smooths his wide smirk into a pleasant
little quirk of the lips, and hums.
Maybe Amamiya deserves more credit than Akechi was initially willing to give him.
***
Ren doesn’t understand what Akechi wants from him, which is a first for any of his
confidants.
For all the smoke and mirrors that the detective seems to throw to obstruct his own
intentions, he’s remarkably apt at seeing through them to get Ren to talk.
Seriously, Ren doesn’t think he’s spoken this much in one conversation in a damn while.
It’s satisfying, Ren thinks, facing someone who uses all the same tricks he does. If Ren didn’t
know any better, he’d think Akechi was trying to rank up a confidant of his own.
This would all be far nicer, of course, if Akechi were not the detective investigating the
Phantom Thieves. Ren doesn’t care, personally, but if he has to hear Morgana bitch about
how dangerous talking to the detective is one more time, he might lose it.
That’s nothing to say on how much Ryuji has been grouching since the TV station. Ann and
Yusuke have been a bit more laid back, but they still seem put off by Akechi’s comments.

Ren hates to admit that he thinks Akechi might have a point. For someone that doesn’t know
about the Metaverse, the concern about the thieves’ intentions seems warranted.
That makes Ren want to prove him wrong even more.
Ren knows that it’s probably a bad idea to get close to the person who’s investigating him,
but, what was the saying? Know thy enemy? Something like that.
For some reason, something in Ren twitches at calling Akechi an enemy.
The detective has finished clearing up the billiards table, and gestures towards the exit.
“Hey,” Ren says as they start to leave, “When we do this again, don’t hold back.”
Akechi gives him a look over his shoulder, and a breathy chuckle escapes his lips. Ren
frowns at the dismissal.
“How about this?” Akechi says as the two walk down the steps, startling Ren, “If you can
beat me while I’m using my right hand, I’ll face you with everything I have.”
Ren blinks, then breaks out in a grin, “It’s a deal.”
Akechi smiles back, revealing nothing, and they both go to leave the billiards hall, and Ren
can feel the Justice arcana rank up.
As he lets Morgana hop back in the bag once he finds the not-cat still sulking in an alleyway,
heRen isn’t shocked that there’s a gun pointed at his chest, he’s just shocked that it’s happening
now, rather than a few days later.
His feigned surprise morphs into genuine curiosity as the other keeps talking, and Ren feels a
buzz under his skin that he always feels when talking to the other.
Now he’s interested-Has a vision, apparently.
At least they aren’t giving him migraines, anymore. And they only did that once, he reminds
the nagging voice in his head.
He still shakes his head a bit, trying to clear the smoke.
“Hey, are you alright?” Morgana chirps, “Did you have fun with Akechi?”
Ren waves his hand, “I’m fine. And yeah, Akechi was great.”
Morgana gives him a disbelieving look, “Really?”
Ren sighs and places a hand on his chest, “When will my closest friends ever believe me
when I tell them something?”

Morgana looks a bit guilty at that, “I just don’t get why you want to hang out with him, s’all.”
“You haven’t met him properly,” Ren reassures him, “He’s pretty interesting when you give
him a chance.”
“’Interesting’ is a pretty weird description of someone you’re supposed to like hanging out
with,” Morgana points out. “And you’ve only met him a few times.”
“I’ll just have to get to know him better, then.” Ren says with a smile, and Morgana yelps at
having been played.
Either way, now that Ren has a confidant with Akechi, there’s nothing that’s going to stop
him from getting closer to the detective. Ren will get stronger the more he speaks with him,
after all.
I’m sure that’s the only reason. Arsène chimes in with no small amount of sarcasm.
Ren pouts. Can’t one person be on his side for this?
***
That one person, Ren thinks a few days later, is not Mishima.
Well, he didn’t expect it to be, but it’s still kind of weird listening to one friend bash another
friend.
…Is he friends with Akechi? Ren feels like if he asks, he’ll just get brushed off with some
pretty laugh and not get an answer.
Ren comes back to earth as Mishima finishes his rant, “And, I mean, just the nerve of him!
What does he know?”
Ren shrugs, not particularly wanting to get in the way. Mishima’s just passionate, he thinks.
Maybe a little too passionate, but he can’t fault the guy for being thankful when he doesn’t
have to suffer Kamoshida’s abuse anymore since the thieves made him confess.
Ren wishes he knew how to put into words that Mishima doesn’t owe him anything, though.
“Everyone says he’s such an ace detective, but they’ll be singing a different tune once the
Phantom Thieves prove their justice…” Mishima grumbles, and Ren winces at the reminder
of the deadline the thieves are on right now.
Makoto’s really giving them a tight deadline with just two weeks. They don’t even have the
guy’s name yet- they’ve only just proven that he actually exists by cornering some
classmates.
Maybe Akechi would have information on the mafia? Ren shakes his head at the stupid idea.
Way to get caught, dumbass.
“He even has famous friends, and stuff.” Mishima huffs, “I bet he has girls all over him.”

Ren doesn’t recall when the conversation took this particular turn, “Famous friends?” He
questions instead.
“Huh?” Mishima snaps out of his monologue, “Oh, right. You know that first year gymnast,
Yoshizawa? She mentioned that she found out about Madarame’s calling card because
Akechi told her.”
Ren frowns. He wasn’t expecting this coincidence. “Why would Akechi tell Yoshizawa
something like that?”
Mishima nods enthusiastically, “I know, right? And it was before the calling card was
announced publicly, too.”
Ren frowns harder. That’s… weird. Akechi doesn’t seem like the type to go around telling
people confidential information on a whim. And why Yoshizawa? Did she specifically ask?
He keeps hearing about Yoshizawa from people. Ryuji and Ann have mentioned her in the
past, and then Haru, and now Akechi apparently knows her? He hasn’t even properly met her
yet, but she doesn’t seem to like him, but gets along well enough with everyone else.
Well, discounting the jealous whispers Ren’s occasionally heard in the hallways at Shujin.
After Ren has said his goodbyes to Mishima, he spends his commute trying to wrap his head
around the mystery that is the red-haired girl.
…didn’t he see her at the Wilton hotel? She was there while the thieves were having their
first official meeting- not that they knew that until after their encounter with the jerk at the
elevator.
She also showed up at Leblanc once, too. That was the first time that Ren had ever seen her.
Ren can come up with a lot of paranoid theories for these coincidences surrounding
Yoshizawa, but none have a particularly solid standing. His top one is that she suspects him
of being a phantom thief. Which, well, she wouldn’t be wrong, but Ren doesn’t know how
she would have figured that out before their first calling card was even sent.
It’s probably nothing, he reassures himself.
…
He feels like he’s missing something.
***
Ren doesn’t have any epiphanies about Yoshizawa when he falls asleep, but he does dream.
He’s sitting at Jazz Jin, absent mindedly swirling his drink with a straw, letting the silence
rest as the other boy makes no move to start a conversation, content to take in the live music.

Ren isn’t sure why the other invited him out today, especially given what’s supposed to
happen in a few days. And what he declared a week earlier. Ren had to borderline bribe the
other to come to the jazz club just a few days before, and now he’s inviting Ren unprompted?
He doesn’t buy it. But he also can’t bring himself to complain. It’s nice, to have a break from
the knowledge that it’s all going to go to hell in a few days.
“Are you prepared?” The other speaks up suddenly, “To send the calling card, I mean.”
Ren gives a small smile, “I should be asking you that, shouldn’t I? I’ve done this five times
already.”
The other chuckles, but it feels a bit hollow, “I suppose that’s true.”
They fall into silence again. It isn’t uncomfortable, necessarily. There’s just nothing to say.
Ren is the first one to crack, this time, “You said that we’d probably have to stop meeting up,
after this. Does that really have to happen?”
Ren knows why that can’t happen. He knows that he’s playing with fire just for asking. But, he
wants proof. Proof that the other really wants this.
It’s futile, he’s aware, but he’s desperate.
The other hums, considering the question, before a sad smile dances across his face, “I think
that our friendship was never going to be anything long-term.”
Fucking liar. Or, maybe not a liar, but coward anyway.
Maybe Ren’s being unfair. He hates this.
“Sure.” Ren says, trying not to sound too angry. The other looks almost disappointed. For
what, Ren isn’t sure.
Ren forgets why he’s so upset, and remembers what these dreams are about.
When Ren blinks, Crow is sitting where the other boy sat, looking thoroughly out of place in
his black and blue bodysuit and helmet while they both sit in the warm lighting of the… jazz
club, was it?
“And so you return.” Crow says dryly.
Ren smiles awkwardly, “Did you think I wouldn’t be back?”
“I figured you’d return to further the arcana, at least.” Crow says, looking at the table.
“Is that something that I do subconsciously?” Ren wonders aloud, “Because you were right,
I don’t remember any of this when I wake up.”

Crow snorts. “Of course I’m right. I’m the one who has to be stuck in your head, so I know
how it works.”
Ren raises an eyebrow, “So you aren’t a figment of my imagination? Are you trapped here?”
“Who knows?” Crow shrugs. “I’m here, and I know you, but maybe the reason I know you so
well is only because you perceive me as someone with that knowledge.” He gestures vaguely
with his gauntleted hands, “The power of cognition, and other such bullshit.”
Ren laughs, and leans back in his chair, “So you aren’t trapped, then? I’d feel pretty bad, if I
was keeping you here because I can’t remember something.”
“I can’t leave, if that’s what you’re asking. But that might just be due to the nature of my
existence rather than you actively holding me here.” Crow lets out a bark of a laugh, “Well
now, isn’t that familiar.” His words gain a sardonic edge.
Ren frowns, “You know I don’t get the joke.”
“Give it time.” Crow deadpans, “And it’s not a joke. Not a funny one, at least.”
Ren isn’t sure how to respond, so they fall into silence.
Ren looks around the set piece for this particular memory. It’s not anywhere he recognises,
and he wasn’t able to properly see who his companion was, either. He looks at Crow out of
the corner of his eye, who isn’t being nearly so subtle in his own staring.
“The person in the memory,” Ren starts eventually, “Was it you? It was you last time.”
Crow tilts his head slightly, “It was.”
“Why couldn’t I see your face?”
“Cognition, probably.” Crow shrugs, “My own identity falls under the bracket of ‘implied
knowledge’ that you gain when experiencing a memory, and doesn’t translate when you snap
out of it.” He grins, “So I’m afraid I’ll have to remain a mystery a while longer.”
Ren rolls his eyes, “You were acting different, in this memory.” He points out.
“I was less of an asshole, you mean?”
Ren shakes his head, “Well, sort of. You seemed more… not you.”
“Perhaps.” Crow says, ever unhelpful, “These memories aren’t in chronological order, so
some inconsistencies can be attributed to being at different points in our relationship.”
Ren heaves a sigh, “If you want me to remember, you could stand to make it less convoluted.”
“Blame yourself.” Crow scoffs, “It’s your fucked up mind that’s throwing these together.”

Ren presses his lips together, and takes that as his cue to reflect more on what he saw, trying
to pick it apart.
He sighs and rests his head on the table, thoughts turning to the real world. There’s been no
indication as to how this all fits into the Metaverse and palaces, other than that he and Crow
have apparently interacted in the Metaverse before, and Crow is definitely a persona userRen realises something, feeling like an idiot, and sits up suddenly.
“You look like you’ve had an epiphany.” Crow says at Ren’s sudden start, “Spit it out.”
“There’s someone in the Metaverse that we’ve been told to look out for,” Ren says slowly,
piecing some things together, “We’ve been told to keep an eye out for a persona user with a
black mask, and, well,” Ren gestures at all of Crow, and the other smirks.
“Yes?” Crow prompts, just to be a shit.
Ren cuts to the point. “Are you the person Madarame mentioned?”
“There’s no limit on how many people can have a black mask, Joker.” Crow says flatly,
dropping his amused tone, “And didn’t I already tell you that I’m dead?”
Ren does remember that, now. The throwaway line Crow had said when they first met slipped
Ren’s mind for a while, but he frowns as he considers the implications of remembering who
Crow is while he’s dead in reality.
“Great.” Ren deadpans, and glares at Crow when the Aeon arcana hits rank two. Crow just
smirks in response.
“Well,” Crow says as the sound of breaking chains fades, “That’s another one. Feel
enlightened?”
Ren leans back and grumbles, “You know I don’t.”
“Save it for next time, then.” Crow leans forward, and snaps his fingers-And in the real world, Ren wakes up.

Chapter End Notes

Sooo I've already played the entirety of Tactica. (I really enjoyed it!)
Anyway,
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 3

Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 2
José - Star Rank 2
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 2
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 2

Chapter 15
Chapter Summary

Akechi does the opposite of making friends, Sumire struggles to make progress, and
Ren dodges questions.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi waits in the hallway to Sae’s apartment, pretending to check his phone as he waits for
Sae to grab her things.
Makoto is standing in the hall as well. Akechi assumes it’s so that she can see her sister off
when she leaves, but right now her presence is only creating an awkward silence.
Akechi decides to humour her, “How are things at school, Niijima-san?”
Makoto starts at having been addressed, “Oh. Um. It’s going fine.” She says stiltedly, “I have
a lot of student council work at the moment, so I’m kind of busy.”
“I see.” Akechi says, and an idea forms, “I’m curious, you overheard how Sae-san and I were
talking about how the Phantom Thieves are likely Shujin students, right?”
Makoto stiffens, but eventually nods.
“Any insights? I’d say you have better intel than we do.” Akechi says with an interview
smile.
Makoto smooths out her skirt, “I’m afraid that I don’t know anything that you wouldn’t
already know.” She says smoothly.
“Of course.” Akechi widens his smile, “But I’m surprised. I would have thought that
someone like you would be itching to catch the thieves yourself.”
Makoto scowls, “And what is that supposed to mean, Akechi-kun?”
“Nothing at all.” Akechi says with an air of nonchalance, “I just thought that someone as
people pleasing as you would be desperate to assist the Shujin administration in their
investigation.”
Makoto’s face twitches as she clenches her fists, “If you must know.” She says tightly, “The
principal has tasked me with finding information on the Phantom Thieves. I’m not doing it
because I’m desperate.”

“And yet you’re doing it anyway.” Akechi hums as Sae finally exits her room with a stack of
paper and her laptop.
“We’re going now, Makoto.” Sae says curtly, shoving on her heels, “I probably won’t be back
until late, so don’t wait up.”
“Got it.” Makoto says weakly.
Akechi gives a polite wave, as though he didn’t just insult the girl to her face, and she glares
back while Sae isn’t looking.
***
As Akechi and Sae look over all the files they have, Akechi considers what Yoshizawa has
told him.
Sae Niijima will eventually grow a palace. A casino, Yoshizawa had said. A place for
gambling and debauchery. Akechi can guess the symbolism there- as casinos are often rigged
in favour of the house, prosecution within Japan has a ninety-nine percent conviction rate.
Prosecutors, if they wish to succeed in their field, must live up to these standards.
Especially people like Sae, who has the misfortune of being a woman in a male dominated
field.
Akechi has never seen direct evidence that Sae has fudged her cases. But, with how many
people are often in on such fabrications, that doesn’t mean much. The trail would have been
scrubbed long before Akechi would even have the chance to follow it.
Of course, Akechi is part of the problem. He’s lost count of the number of times that he’s sat
at a board meeting of other conspiracy members, all discussing fake evidence as though it
were entirely real.
He finds it disgusting. He doesn’t accept it, but he has bigger fish to fry. If he wants to stay
alive, then he won’t challenge it. It’s a kind of apathy that has come to permeate many
aspects of his life.
Sae, on the other hand, has no such sword of Damocles. If Yoshizawa is correct, then Sae will
fall victim to delusions that fabricating evidence and forging testimonies is necessary,
whatever that means in her context.
Akechi wants to avoid that, if possible. But he doesn’t know how.
(He also draws a blank when he considers why)
“It’s interesting,” Sae hums, interrupting Akechi’s thoughts, “Both these ‘changes of heart’
and the psychotic breakdown incidents, and to a lessor extent the mental shutdowns, all
involve people with no prior relevant medical records suddenly having a dramatic shift to
their body or personality out of the blue.”

Akechi raises an eyebrow. Leave it to Sae to draw a connection between the incidents even
without knowledge of the cognitive world.
“Are you suggesting that these phenomena are perpetrated using the same methods?” Akechi
pushes.
Sae lets out a long breath through her nose, “Possibly. Don’t you think it’s odd that none of
these incidents have an obvious perpetrator? The mental shutdowns happen almost at
random; the psychotic break victims can’t recall what they were thinking at all while the
incident occurred; and the change of heart recipients both claim that they never spoke to
anyone that could have been a possible cause. They only saw the calling card and were later
overcome with an all-encompassing sense of guilt and urge to confess their crimes.” She
huffs.
Akechi nods. It is, as always, very interesting to see where Sae’s mind can go.
Shall we give her a nudge?
IN WHICH DIRECTION?
Flip a coin.
“That is technically true, Sae-san,” Akechi settles on, “But the changes of heart have had
prior forewarning, while the mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks have, as you said, been
happening completely out of the blue.”
The coin has landed on its middle, it seems.
“That may be true…” Sae mutters, “But what if…?” She presses her lips together, “Surely
you have to see how these incidents are similar. They’re both scenarios of people changing
suddenly, when there’s no reason.” She cuts off with a short sigh.
“I suppose that’s true.” Akechi concedes. He would probably have a much better time
deflecting if he had remembered to get Yoshizawa to tell him how changes of heart work.
He hums, “So you believe that they have similar methods. Are you implying that they have
the same perpetrator?” He ventures.
Sae huffs, “It’s too early to tell.” She says, resigned, “The M.O. is different enough that it’s
hard to link them just yet.”
Akechi nods, satisfied with her roadblock, and goes back to looking over his own files.
Sae clicks her tongue, “I can win this case. I know I can. The director wants a suspect? I’ll
give him one.”
And there, Akechi thinks, is Sae’s sword of Damocles.
Not the threat of death, no- but rather the fear of being let go, the desperate need to prove
herself, and the all-consuming jealousy of her peers.

Akechi has successfully found the ‘how’ of how to prevent Sae from forming a palace. He
just needs to convince her that winning is not all there is to her life, she has other things to
live for, other such platitudes.
Unfortunately, the ‘how’ is borderline impossible for Akechi to accomplish. He would be a
hypocrite, for one, and unless he wants a knife in the back he’d have to convince her subtly
enough that nobody catches wind of his meddling.
So, no dramatic speeches, no obvious hints, and all around, no way to stop Sae Niijima from
barrelling down her path of obsession with success.
How far will she go, Akechi wonders? He vowed a long time ago that he would do anything
to achieve his goals (Loki grins somewhere behind his ribs), but will Sae vow the same?
Does she have a breaking point?
He hopes she won’t find it. By then it would probably be too late.
Akechi wonders if in the last timeline he tried to protect Sae. If she had a change of heart
after Okumura was murdered, then would Akechi not have been ordered to do the same to
her? Did the thieves manage to slip the knot, or did Akechi intentionally tie it wrong?
He doesn’t know. And unfortunately, neither does Yoshizawa.
(And if he can help it, she won’t find out.)
As Akechi and Sae wrap up their business, he feels the Moon arcana grow to rank three.
***
Sumire’s investigation onto the thieves’ activities has turned up absolutely nothing. Zero.
Zilch. Nada.
Well, that’s not quite true, actually. She has turned up one thing.
Apparently, some second years were shaking in their boots after the ‘dangerous criminal
transfer student’ quote: cornered them and beat some information out of them.
This claim was quickly refuted when Sumire managed to corner the student that Ren had
apparently questioned, who said that Ren had asked about a part-time job.
Some further questioning revealed that said ‘part-time job’ was actually to do with the
phishing scams in Shibuya.
Even further questioning had the student admitting to drug smuggling, which Sumire is very
surprised at how easy it was to get him to admit that.
So, Sumire has successfully confirmed one thing.
That being, that the mafia boss she’s supposed to be looking for operates out of Shibuya. She
doesn’t know if the drug smuggling narrows it down, or if Akechi is going to be annoyed

with her.
Accepting her fate, Sumire calls Akechi.
“Akechi speaking.” His voice comes through the speaker.
“Hello, Akechi-san,” She starts, trying to sound confident, “I’ve asked around, and I have a
little bit of information.”
“Oh?” Akechi prompts.
“Yes. I know that the thieves were asking about the phishing scams in Shibuya. As well as
something about drug smuggling?” Sumire says, twisting some of her hand around her finger,
“Um. Does that narrow it down?”
Akechi lets out a long sigh on the other end of the line, “Fuck.” He says, eloquently.
“Akechi-san?” Sumire asks, eyebrows raised.
“Not you.” He reassures, “I know exactly who they’re targeting. If they were drawing
attention with Madarame, then they’ve sealed their fate with this one.”
“That bad?” Sumire says sympathetically.
“Yes. Who you’re looking for is Junya Kaneshiro.” Akechi relays curtly, “Targeting the
mafia was already a bad sign, but targeting this one in particular is like holding up a neon
sign saying, ‘we know who all your co-conspirators are.’” He sighs, and Sumire’s eyes
widen.
“Co-conspirators?” She asks, confused.
“Shido.” Akechi says simply. “You said he was the thieves’ second to last target, right? I’ll
bet that targeting Madarame and Kaneshiro back-to-back is how the thieves caught wind of
him in the first place.”
“Both Madarame and Kaneshiro work for Shido?” Sumire says, amazed. The series of
coincidences piling up around Shido is alarmingly high. Or maybe, they aren’t coincidences
at all.
“I’ve been in their palaces before, and I’ve confirmed that they are, or were, in Madarame’s
case, funding Shido monetarily.” Akechi says blankly.
Sumire hums. “Have you been trying to pin down Shido for a while, then?”
Theres a slight pause, “Yes. I have.” Akechi says, and Sumire can’t read his tone. Akechi
must really not like Shido, Sumire thinks. She holds no love for the man herself, but from her
combined knowledge from last and this timeline, Akechi’s vendetta seems personal.
Before she can think more on that, Akechi continues, “I’ve actually been told to investigate
Shujin again, so I may be able to gather some more information. No promises, though. I don’t

want to seem too suspicious.”
Sumire blinks, “Didn’t you already investigate at Shujin?” She asks, remembering her first
encounter with the detective this time around.
Akechi heaves a sigh that sounds almost like a growl, “Yes. However, my coworkers have
deigned to send me there again to see if I’ve ‘missed anything’, like they don’t already have
all the witness statements they could find and at least ten copies of the original calling card.”
Sumire giggles a little at his annoyance, “Well, it sounds more like a day off than anything
else.”
“I suppose that’s true,” Akechi says, some amusement creeping into his voice, “I dislike the
waste of time more than anything, though.”
“I guess that’s fair,” Sumire concedes.
Akechi hums. “Well, if that’s all?”
Sumire nods, before remembering that Akechi can’t see her, “Right. I’ll see you…?”
“In two days.” Akechi finishes, “I’ll come to Shujin on Wednesday.”
Sumire smiles and gives an affirmative hum, “See you then, Akechi-san.”
The line clicks, and Sumire puts her phone down.
***
On Wednesday, Akechi resigns himself to the fact that he’s wasting time.
The police department is clearly hoping that he’ll miraculously uncover all the information
they need to find the identities of the Phantom Thieves through his investigation.
Unfortunately for them, Akechi already knows who the Phantom Thieves are, having recently
properly looked up their names, and until he figures out what to do with them, he has no
intention of turning them in.
He doesn’t want to sell them out to Shido, because that would spawn myriad questions about
why they have access to the cognitive world, and Akechi doesn’t want to shoot himself in the
foot like that.
Another, quieter, part of him admits that he doesn’t want to sell out the thieves before his
curiosity is sated. Amamiya would be less interesting to speak with if he’s dead.
Akechi knows that his deal with Yoshizawa is… slightly deceptive. Her primary goal is to
prevent the world from succumbing to Maruki’s ideal reality, and from what Akechi can tell,
she’s spying on the thieves from the outside so as to not interfere with events that she has no
context for.

She has assumed that Akechi shares this goal. Which, well, he does- it’s just not his focus.
His goal, as it has been and will continue to be, is his revenge against Shido. And now, with
the addendum of achieving it before the thieves can take that from him.
He has no intention of correcting Yoshizawa’s assumption. If she’s hurt by the deception, it
will hardly matter to him once he succeeds.
(The Magician arcana thrums like a twinge in a limb, and Akechi resolutely ignores it.)
All this to say that Akechi is catching up on schoolwork in Shujin’s student council room
instead of investigating.
He taps his pen against his workbook, and looks up as the door slides open.
“So we can just hang out in-” Sakamoto off and yelps as he spots Akechi. Ah. Perfect, just
the people Akechi was hoping to corner.
“Akechi-kun?” Makoto mutters, confused, as she enters the room. Amamiya and Takamaki
follow in shortly after.
Oh? Makoto is spending time with the Phantom Thieves? Now that’s a development that
Akechi didn’t expect.
Whether or not she’s a persona user remains to be seen. He’ll have to ask Yoshizawa.
“My apologies,” Akechi says, feigning shock, “Were you all intending to use this room?”
“Doesn’t really matter.” Amamiya shrugs as he speaks up, “And hey, Akechi.”
“Hey yourself.” Akechi returns, and feels no small amount of satisfaction at the bewilderment
that blooms on the other thieves’ faces.
“The hell?!” Sakamoto stage whispers at Amamiya, who only fiddles with his bangs in
response.
“Um…” Takamaki hums nervously, “What are you doing here, Akechi-kun?” Her voice is
overly high-pitched, and Akechi can hear Morgana sigh from Amamiya’s bag.
“Ah, nothing in particular, to be honest,” Akechi gestures at his half-complete schoolwork, “I
was tasked with investigating Shujin for more information on the Phantom Thieves case,”
Akechi ignores how Takamaki and Sakamoto stiffen. Seriously, how were these people not
caught immediately? “But given that I’ve already investigated Shujin in the past, and the
police have collected all relevant witness statements, I must admit that my presence here is
something of a waste of time.”
Morgana pops his head out of Amamiya’s bag, “So he’s just sitting here? I told you he was
weird, Joker.”

Akechi widens his eyes as the thieves all turn to shush Morgana, “You bring your cat even to
school, Amamiya?”
“Well, I am a delinquent.” Amamiya smirks.
Akechi sighs, playing along, “Rather tame for an act of rebellion, don’t you think?”
“Sure,” Amamiya shoves Morgana back down into the bag, “But you should hear the
rumours. Apparently, I’ve killed a man.” He gives a wide grin, and Makoto gives an
exasperated sigh.
“My, is that a confession?” Akechi quips, smiling back, “A rather tragic way to get arrestedjust admitting your crimes to a detective.”
“Uh- he’s joking!” Takamaki interrupts hurriedly, thwacking Amamiya on the shoulder.
“As was I,” Akechi carefully tilts his lips into a frown, “I’m sorry if my presence is making
you uncomfortable, you seem rather nervous.”
“Uh, well- it’s just-” Sakamoto stutters, before settling on fixing a glare at Akechi.
“It’s nothing at all, Akechi-kun,” Niijima interjects smoothly, “We were just looking for a
place to spend lunch and were a bit shocked to find you here. You don’t go to our school,
after all.”
Akechi hums, and gestures to the otherwise empty table, “Well, don’t let me stop you. It’s not
as though I’m working on anything confidential.”
“What are you working on?” Amamiya says before Makoto can make an excuse to leave.
“Math homework.” Akechi says flatly. Amamiya nods in commiseration, a smile tugging at
his lips.
“If you ain’t working on anythin’ important, then why stick around?” Sakamoto says, as
Takamaki goes to elbow him.
“Don’t be a dick!” She hisses, and Akechi holds up his hands placatingly.
“No, it’s fine,” he hums, considering, “I suppose I’d rather not return to the police station to
tell my elder coworkers outright that they’re wasting my time, so I’m waiting here instead, so
that I can at least pretend I gave it a good shot instead of actively disobeying orders.”
Makoto raises her eyebrows. Akechi gives her a perfect smile in return. She can judge him all
she likes, he thinks- she’s the one who’s spending time with thieves.
“Colour me surprised, detective,” Amamiya pipes up again, “I didn’t think you were the type
for malicious compliance.”
“My personality contains multitudes.” Akechi deadpans, and Amamiya lets out a proper
chuckle at that.

“Anyway.” Makoto interrupts, shooting Amamiya an unimpressed look, “I think we’ll be
leaving now, Akechi-kun. Good luck with your work.”
“Goodbye,” Akechi nods, and waves to Amamiya as he leaves, getting a nod in return.
The other thieves hurriedly file out, until only Makoto remains. Akechi raises an eyebrow at
her as she stays in the room. She ignores him, and heads to one of the filing cabinets to grab
some papers.
He definitely deserves the cold shoulder, especially given what he said to her the other day.
He usually isn’t so forward in insulting her, but she seems to have finally gained the courage
to fight back.
Maybe she really has awakened a persona.
“Have I done something to offend, Niijima-san?” He says, just to be an asshole. He chuckles
lightly as Makoto whips around to glare at him, “Don’t worry, I’m not that dense. I realise
that I may have been overly harsh the other day.”
“You think?” Makoto mutters, and puts the files she’s grabbed onto the table to quickly sort
through them.
Akechi is content to leave it at that, but looks up when she speaks again, “I told the principal
that I wasn’t going to investigate the Phantom Thieves anymore.” She says, and Akechi tilts
his head, “You were accusing me of being a pushover, right? Well I’m not anymore. I’m in
control of my life, now.”
Akechi hums, letting his face fall into neutrality, “If you’ve truly grown as a person, then you
shouldn’t need my approval, right?”
Makoto surprisingly smiles at this, and huffs a laugh, “I guess that’s true. I suppose I just
wanted to prove you wrong?”
It’s Akechi’s turn to smile at that, a bit sharper than he would normally allow, “Well, I can
certainly understand that.”
Makoto keeps smiling as she goes back to quickly grabbing what she needs.
Definitely a persona awakening, Akechi thinks. Makoto has finally found her spine, it seems.
Akechi finds that he much prefers that she’s more self-assuredI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the High Priestess arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.

That was not what he was going for with that train of thought. He still doesn’t actually like
Makoto that much. Akechi didn’t realise that growing to tolerate someone’s character was
grounds to form a bond, but he really should have expected this by this point.
Makoto gives a short nod as she leaves the room properly, and Akechi sighs.
The thieves are idiots, and that’s when Akechi’s being charitable. Makoto should throw some
book smarts into the mix at least.
Akechi shoots off a text to Yoshizawa, inviting her to eat lunch in the student council room
and talk, and goes back to his work.
***
Sumire rounds the corner to head towards the student council room, nearly tripping as she
sees the thieves loitering in the hallway, ducking back behind the corner so she can
eavesdrop.
“What the hell was that about, man?!” She hears Ryuji hiss.
“What was what?” Ren answers nonchalantly.
“He means,” Ann says, “Are you friends with Akechi-kun, Ren? That’s what it sounded like
in there.”
Sumire leans a little closer around the corner to hear them better.
“I think so,” Ren says, uncharacteristically unsure, “I want to be, I think. He’s pretty
interesting.”
“I think you’ve upgraded from banter to flirting.” Morgana pipes up with a groan.
“It’s not-” Ren starts.
“What?!” Ryuji cuts across him, far louder than he probably should be, drawing the attention
of the various other students in the surrounding area.
“It’s not flirting.” Ren finishes, “Where’s Makoto, anyway?”
“I think she stayed back to grab some stuff from the student council room.” Ann chimes in,
apparently happy to change the subject as Ryuji continues to splutter.
Sumire’s eyes widen at the mention of Makoto. Already? She had pencilled in Makoto as
joining for Sae’s palace, but did she join for Kaneshiro?
Sumire’s thoughts are interrupted as Makoto’s voice cuts in, “Sorry, everyone. I was just
picking up the papers we were going to look at.”
“Not a problem!” Ann chirps.

“But man,” Ryuji sighs, “Seriously, what the hell was Akechi doing there, anyways?”
“He already told you!” Morgana yowls, “He was supposed to be doing policework but ended
up just doing homework instead!”
Sumire hears a laugh from Ren, followed by a sigh from Makoto.
“It is somewhat strange.” Makoto hums, “He works with my sister, and I know she respects
him… a lot.” She huffs, “So it doesn’t seem in character for him to slack off on something
like this.”
Ren hums, “It is kind of strange. I get the ‘overachiever’ impression from him.”
Morgana sighs, “Are you just saying that because he trounced you in billiards?”
“I told you that in confidence.” Ren says, and Sumire can almost hear the pout.
“Anyways,” Ann says quickly, “Isn’t it a good thing that Akechi-kun was slacking off?” She
lowers her voice slightly, “I mean, he was investigating the Phantom Thieves, right?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s true,” Ryuji says.
“Is it, though?” Makoto says with a tinge of worry in her voice, “If he’s neglecting gathering
more information on the Phantom Thieves, what if that means he thinks he already knows
enough?”
There’s a tense silence as Sumire hears several sharp breaths, and nervous hums.
“We’ll have to be careful around him.” Morgana declares, “He may act innocent enough, but
I don’t think we should underestimate him.”
“Right.” Makoto says, and Sumire ducks a little further away as the thieves’ footsteps get
closer.
She waits until the thieves are a few paces away before slipping into the hallway they were
previously occupying, and she opens the door to the student council room.
Akechi is sitting at the table in the middle of the room, staring down at a textbook with a
bored expression. He looks up as Sumire enters the room, and gestures to the seat across from
him, closing the textbook with a thump.
“Was Niijima a member of the thieves, last time?” Akechi says as soon as she sits down.
“She was,” Sumire smiles, taking the curtness in stride, “Her codename is Queen. But…” she
frowns, “I wrote down everything I know, at one point, as well as some theories for the stuff I
didn’t, and I had assumed that Makoto-senpai would have joined the thieves when they
targeted her sister.”
Akechi hums, an unreadable expression passing over his face, before he looks up, “A fair
assumption, I suppose. It isn’t completely unfeasible that Niijima would join to take down

Kaneshiro, though. She is Student Council President, and the phishing scams have been
targeting high school students the most.”
Sumire nods, “I didn’t think about that.” She giggles, “Good thing you’re a detective, huh,
Akechi-san?”
Akechi gives her a withering glare, and she laughs even harder.
Akechi reopens his textbook as the conversation trails off, and Sumire takes out her lunch.
She frowns when he just keeps marking notes in the textbook.
“Aren’t you going to eat lunch as well?” She asks tentatively.
Akechi’s eyes flick up, before he looks back down, “I already ate.” He says dismissively.
Sumire narrows her eyes, “What did you eat?” she pushes.
Akechi sighs, “An apple, Yoshizawa, does it matter?”
Sumire frowns further. She sighs through her nose and hauls her bag into her lap to go
rooting through it. She takes out two protein bars and slides them across to Akechi.
He looks up again, and his lip curls. “Yoshizawa.” He says sharply.
Sumire gives her best smile, “Please?”
Something in her tone must work, (Or maybe he’s just hungry from only eating a pittance for
lunch) because he sneers, and makes a show of opening one of the protein bars and taking a
bite.
“Happy?” He says through a mouthful.
“Yep!” Sumire returns, popping the ‘p’. “So, what are we going to do about Kaneshiro?” She
says, sensing that the other wants the subject to change.
“Keep an eye on them, I suppose.” Akechi says flatly. “There’s not a lot we could do to stop
them, and I must admit, pinning down Kaneshiro has been a pain in the ass. I wouldn’t be
averse to the man throwing himself onto the police’s doorstep. Though,” He frowns, “That
would be dooming the thieves to Shido’s attention.”
Sumire frowns as well, “I take there’s not a lot we can do about that?”
“Not particularly.” Akechi confirms, “And even if the thieves dropped Kaneshiro, targeting
Madarame has already painted a target on their backs, so I think dodging Shido is a bit of a
lost cause.”
Sumire laughs a bit incredulously, “It’s crazy to think they caught his attention so early. Feels
a bit like fate, huh?”
Akechi hums softly, “Maybe.”

***
The day after his trip to Shujin, Akechi finds himself tapping on the Metanav.
“Sae Niijima.” He says, “The prosecutor.”
No candidate found. The Nav chirps.
This, Akechi already knows.
“Mementos,” He amends.
Candidate found. The Nav confirms, and this Akechi already knows as well.
He hasn’t checked. He knows most people have shadows. Actually, he’s pretty sure everyone
has a shadow- he’s never encountered someone who doesn’t.
Well, except for himself.
And, more recently, Yoshizawa and the Phantom Thieves. But that goes to show it’s likely a
persona thing.
All this to say, he didn’t think it pressing to see that Sae has a shadow in Mementos. She was
fairly high up in the subway system, too, so he figured it wasn’t his place to go question her
psyche when she wasn’t that distorted.
That has changed. Sae’s actually lower down, now, and with Yoshizawa’s portent of the
casino palace, Akechi is itching to take a look at how far gone the prosecutor is.
Call it a professional curiosity.
(The Moon arcana hums.)
Akechi stalks his way through the pulsing subway tunnels, keeping Loki constantly at his
side. It’s been a bit of a trek, and he’s far down enough that the shadows have stopped
cowering from him. He still destroys them fairly easily, but the fact that he has to bother with
them to begin with is starting to piss him off.
Thankfully, Sae’s pocket of distortion isn’t much further. Pulling back the curtain, Akechi
dismisses Loki to avoid appearing threatening. He’s only here to talk, after all.
“Sae-san?” He calls out into the space, and golden eyes whip around to pierce into his own.
“Who are you?” Sae hisses. To her credit, she does sound far less aggressive than many of
the other shadows that Akechi has faced in the past. Though, that might be more indicative of
the kind of people Akechi has been sent to target rather than of Sae herself.
“I just want to chat.” Akechi holds up his hands in surrender, and telegraphs his movements
clearly as he goes to sit on the ground.

The shadow narrows her eyes, and sneers, “You still haven’t answered my question.”
“Who I am doesn’t matter.” Akechi says. If Sae hasn’t already recognised him he sees no
reason to make her paranoid in the real world, “I just want to know how you are.”
She scoffs, “How I am? How I am doesn’t matter. I’ll keep going until I succeed.”
There’s some more familiar shadow talk. “What does success look like to you?” Akechi
prompts.
“Like winning.” Sae says frankly, “The only worth anyone has in this society is how they can
provide for it, and I’m going to prove just how much I deserve to be here.”
“I see.” Akechi says quietly, not breaking eye contact.
He thinks it should concern him, how much he understands Sae’s distortion. He can’t bring
himself to care, particularly. You have to do what it takes to stay alive, and the surest way to
do that is to claw your way to the top and make sure you stay there.
Goro Akechi was taught from a young age that people don’t have worth if they don’t have
use- and he can see before him that Sae Niijima was taught the same thing.
Or maybe she learnt it on her own. She grew up in a loving household, after all.
Akechi huffs a short breath, and slowly gets to his feet. Sae doesn’t break her stare.
As he turns to leave, Sae calls out, “Akechi-kun.”
Akechi turns slightly, “So you do recognise me.”
“Not at first.” She admits, “But I can feel the arcana. The Moon, is it?”
Akechi nods, and she snorts and turns away. “I should probably be insulted, given what that
one means.”
“Care to enlighten me?” Akechi turns fully to face her.
“The Moon represents self-deception and insecurity.” The shadow recites, “It spells bad
things both upright and reversed.”
Akechi smirks, “I didn’t take you for a fan of tarot, Sae-san.”
“My real self isn’t.” She says flatly, “I think I only know because of the bond. Interesting,
isn’t it?”
“Indeed.” Akechi agrees, and he turns again.
He pulls open the curtain of distortion, and begins to step through.
“Akechi-kun.” Sae calls out one last time, “Take care of yourself.”

Akechi pauses, but does not respond as he leaves.

Chapter End Notes

Hello!
So I'm absolutely terrible at properly promoting myself, but I figured I should give it a
shotLong story short, I post a lot of persona fanart on my instgram, if that's something that
interests anyone:
Find it here!
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 3
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 3
José - Star Rank 2
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 2
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 2
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 2

Chapter 16
Chapter Summary

Akechi deals with the concequences of bonds, Ren gets suspicious, and Sumire finally
catches on.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire does a final jump, and lands- gracefully, in her finishing pose for her routine, as her
coach nods approvingly.
Sumire breathes deeply, and nods along as Hiraguchi gives her feedback. It’s… fairly
positive, but not as polished as Sumire wanted.
She sighs as she turns around to take a break.
Akechi, whom Sumire successfully bullied into coming with her today to watch her routine,
(He had passed it off as repayment for Sumire taking him out for darts) raises an eyebrow as
she leans against the wall beside him.
“You’re quite skilled,” he says lightly, affecting a tone somewhere between the detective
prince and his normal voice. Sumire figures it’s because they’re in public.
“Yeah…” Sumire sighs again, fiddling with the hem of her leotard.
“You don’t seem satisfied.” Akechi points out, and Sumire hums.
“I think,” she cuts off, and looks around to see if anyone is listening. Satisfied with their
relative privacy, she continues, “I think I was hoping to use the, well, whole time travel thing
to do much better at the meets this year. But so much stuff has been happening that I haven’t
had the time or energy to practice like I wanted to.”
Akechi nods, and stays silent.
Sumire huffs and keeps talking, “This is really important to me. I know that the literal end of
the world has to be my top priority, but I feel almost like I’m betraying Kasumi whenever I’m
not working towards our dream, now that she can’t work to it herself.”
Akechi hums, face neutral, “I can understand being single minded.”
Sumire laughs slightly, “Yeah. I think this means so much to me because-” she frowns, as she
realises that -private-ish or not- the gymnasium is probably not the place for this discussion.

Akechi seems to be on the same page, “Are you done for today? We can take this discussion
elsewhere.”
Sumire nods, quickly packing up her things and changing into her casual clothes.
***
When Sumire was seven years old, she and Kasumi made a promise.
“We’ll be the top of the world, Sumi!” Kasumi said, a wide grin splitting her face.
Sumire had nodded eagerly. Anything her sister wanted was something she wanted as wellKasumi was so amazing, how could she not make all the best decisions? They used to
practice hard at their sport because they would get ice-cream afterwards, and then they grew
to truly love it beyond just the reward.
Kasumi kept practicing for the thrill of it all, Sumire thinks. She can tell how much her sister
loved the flips and jumps and stretches all combined in a dance, showcasing the potential of
the human body.
Sumire kept practicing because she didn’t want Kasumi to leave her behind.
That isn’t to say that Sumire doesn’t enjoy gymnastics, far from it, but her latent motivation
for her life’s goal laid in the fact that Kasumi wanted it, so she did too.
When Sumire was thirteen years old, she started to believe that she would never catch up to
Kasumi.
Kasumi was so kind about it, of course, but that just made Sumire all the more aware of how
she was inferior. Her self-worth and entire motivation in life was tied to her sister, but when
she began to resent her for how perfect she was, Sumire couldn’t help but resent herself, too.
How dare she, the lesser twin, be angry at Kasumi for being better than her. This was her own
fault, she thought, there must be something wrong with her.
Then, the day before Sumire turned fifteen, Kasumi was hit by a truck trying to protect
Sumire, and her whole world fell apart.
In the time before she saw Doctor Maruki for the first time, Sumire felt like her entire reason
for existing had evaporated. Her motivation for gymnastics, her entire being had been based
on Kasumi’s shadow, and now there was nowhere to hide. Just Sumire Yoshizawa against the
world she had only ever seen through Kasumi’s eyes.
She got nowhere, in trying to make herself feel better. She was rapidly failing at gymnastics
because she couldn’t bring herself to try, and that only made her feel worse- because if she
wasn’t dedicating herself to her and Kasumi’s dream, then why the hell was she even here?
Then she met Doctor Maruki, and the year slid by like a dream.
Kasumi Yoshizawa would never let something as small as the death of her younger sister get
in the way of her goal. So she practiced, and practiced, and practiced some more. And got

absolutely nowhere, because she was working on an assumption of how her body should
move when that wasn’t the body she had.
Maruki could make Sumire believe she didn’t exist, but he couldn’t hide all the little ticks in
her brain that made her struggle, and he certainly couldn’t completely alter her physiology to
make her body make sense.
And then, Sumire Yoshizawa woke up. And all the little confusing feelings and
inconsistencies from the last year suddenly clicked. Her confusion left her as rapidly as her
motivation for everything else did, and Sumire begged to go back to being Kasumi.
She got over it. What an insult it would be to Kasumi, Sumire thinks, if she were to go about
pretending that her sister never died. To waste the life that Kasumi had given in Sumire’s
stead.
So Sumire became motivated again. Her want to fulfill her and her sister’s dream suddenly
became sustainable, because she knows who Sumire Yoshizawa is now, and she’s someone
who can reach the top of the world.
But, Sumire thinks as she follows Akechi into Mementos, is it truly sustainable?
***
“Here.” Akechi tosses her a soft drink, voice back to his regular cadence.
“Thanks,” Sumire says gratefully, cracking open the lid.
They sit in silence for a bit, Akechi content enough to let Sumire gather her thoughts.
“Have I told you about how most of the thieves’ targets have a personal connection to one of
their members?” She starts, quietly.
“Not directly, but I assumed.” He says, sitting down on the bench across from her, and
gestures for her to continue.
“Right.” Sumire takes a sip of her drink, “We targeted Maruki because of the threat to all of
reality, sure, but I think if any one of the thieves had to be the ‘personal reasons’ factor, it
would be me.”
Akechi tilts his head, and she continues, “Maruki has this power called ‘actualisation’, and he
used it to make his reality, but he could use it in small bursts outside of the Metaverse even
before the whole god thing happened.” She chuckles humourlessly, “He was my therapist,
after Kasumi died, and I wasn’t in a super good space, so I told him that if Kasumi isn’t there
to achieve her dreams, then I would want to be Kasumi, to do it for her.”
Akechi’s face slowly twists into a sneer, “I have a feeling I hate where this is going.”
Sumire laughs properly at that, “Oh, you will.” She takes off her mask, and rests it on the
bench beside her, “Basically, he granted my ‘wish’, and I spent the rest of 2016 believing that
I was Kasumi, and that Sumire Yoshizawa had died in a car crash.”

Akechi growls and crosses his arms, “Your therapist fucking sucks.”
Sumire heaves an agreeing sigh, “Well, he isn’t my therapist anymore. I cancelled our
sessions pretty quickly once I time travelled.”
Akechi cracks open his own soda aggressively, “Good fucking riddance.”
Sumire smiles. It’s very nice to have someone angry on her behalf, especially now that she
can be angry with them.
“Once I remembered I was Sumire, and I, uh, adjusted.” She tugs on her ponytail sheepishly,
“I made a promise to myself that I would achieve Kasumi and I’s dream as myself. Instead of
doing it for her, I could do it for the both of us.”
Akechi nods, and then frowns into his drink as he takes a sip, “But?”
Sumire throws up her hands exasperatedly as the dam bursts, “I don’t know! I have no idea
what the problem is! I thought I got over all this stuff.” She rubs a hand down her face, “I
think I’m mad at myself for having other priorities, but that’s dumb, because I’m going to
have to have other priorities at some point, because the age limit for competitive gymnastics
is super young, and I have no idea for what I want to do after.” She clenches her fists as her
voice starts shaking, “And whenever I start to think about what I might want to do after I
have to quit, I feel like I’m making gymnastics not matter, or something,” she lets out a wet
cough, and scrubs her eyes furiously.
Akechi looks thoroughly out of his element as he stiffly gets up and sits next to Sumire,
patting her shoulder awkwardly. The absurdity of it does make her laugh a bit through her
sniffles, and she smacks the sides of her face, trying to get it together.
The silence sits for a minute, before Akechi speaks up, “Do you believe that Kasumi’s life
has no meaning just because she isn’t here anymore?”
Sumire whips around to look at him, “What?!” She gasps, “Of course not.”
He nods, “So just because her time has passed, doesn’t mean that she didn’t exist, or that she
was pointless. The same goes for your gymnastics career, should you choose to continue it
and then choose to do something else afterwards.”
Sumire’s eyes widen as she catches on to what Akechi is saying.
“You’re allowed to think about ‘after’, is my point.” Akechi huffs, and smirks, “I know that’s
pretty obvious advice, but it’s all I’ve got.”
Sumire shakes her head, and smiles, “No, thank you.” He raises an eyebrow, and she smiles
wider, “I think you putting into perspective helped me believe it.”
He snorts, “Sure. I’m certain that I at least give better advice than your shitty therapist,
Yoshizawa.”

Sumire giggles, “That’s true.” She taps her fingers together, “And… you can call me Sumire,
you know.” She never insisted on Akechi using her given name in January, but she feels like
they’re well past family names at this point.
He pauses, but eventually gives a sharp nod, “Alright. Sumire.”
She gives him a bright grin, “Thanks, Akechi-senpai.”
Predictably, he grimaces, “Never call me that again.”
Sumire smirks at the familiar banter, “Goro-senpai, then?”
Akechi elbows her as he scowls, “Not what I meant, and you know it, Yoshizawa.”
Sumire places a hand over her heart in a fit of dramatics as she dissolves into giggles, gasping
for air as Akechi levels her with an unimpressed look.
“You can drop the honorifics, though.” He says after she gets a hold of herself, and she nods
enthusiastically.
“Right.” Sumire takes another sip of her drink, crossing her legs.
They fall into silence again, leaning back and finishing their drinks in the eerie quiet of
Mementos.
Sumire shifts, “What do you think you want to do after high school, Akechi?”
He doesn’t turn his head to face her, but Sumire can see his eyes flick to her, “Fishing for
ideas?” he says flatly.
Sumire huffs with a smile, and bumps against his shoulder, “I’m just curious. But. Maybe.”
Akechi snorts, and then his face shifts into something unreadable as he looks down at the
ground.
After a while, after Sumire thinks he might just be ignoring the question, he answers quietly,
“I don’t know.”
Sumire nods slowly, and gives small smile, “I don’t know either, so I guess we’re in the same
boat.”
Akechi huffs, “Yeah.”
(In Akechi’s mind, he feels the Magician arcana grow to its fourth rank.)
***
The thieves are making excellent progress through Kaneshiro’s bank, Ren thinks.
A healthy combination of their new team member, José’s wishing star granting them some
extra power, and Ren finally getting the hang of the whole persona fusion thing, have all

amounted to the Phantom Thieves tearing through fights with minimal damage and some
serious overkill.
And, Ren shoving his pockets full with more money than he’ll ever know what to do with.
He gives a lot of it to Yusuke, but he fears that the artist is just going to spend it on art
supplies rather than food.
The euphoria of his team’s sudden boost in power is almost enough to distract Ren from the
ebbing sense of dread about the other Metaverse user.
He also feels like he’s forgetting something, and that mystery bond hasn’t gone away, even as
several others join its rank. Ren feels like it’s gotten stronger, weirdly, which he thinks should
be a bit difficult given he doesn’t even know who it belongs to.
So, Ren’s paranoid. He keeps looking around wildly with third eye, glaring holes into
particularly dark pockets of the bank.
It’s getting to the point where the other thieves have noticed his unrest, and are shooting
questioning and sympathetic looks as he waves them off.
Eventually, Makoto seems to get fed up with his fidgeting, “Joker? Is there a problem?”
Ren whips around at her voice, “Hm? Oh, nothing. Just keeping an eye out.”
“For… what?” She asks, clearly dubious.
“Are you looking around for that person Madarame mentioned?” Morgana asks, looking up
at Ren.
Ren nods, and Yusuke hums, “Yes,” he says, “My first thought was that Se- Madarame was
simply trying to distract us. But when I could not think of a possible reason for why he would
want to do that, I must admit that I am now concerned about the possible presence of another
Metaverse user.”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “A palace ruler specifically said that there was someone else in his
palace?”
“Yeah,” Ann says, twisting some of her hair between her fingers, “But, it’s not like that’s
necessarily a bad thing, right? It could be cool for there to be more people like us.”
“I dunno man,” Ryuji chimes in, “He seemed kinda scared of this black mask guy.”
Makoto frowns, “That’s… concerning. If Madarame was scared of this person, then they’re
likely a great deal stronger than we are,” her frown deepens, “And until we know their
intentions, they’re a possible risk to us.”
Ren tugs on his gloves, considering. He doesn’t know quite why he has such a bad feeling
about the black mask. There’s no guarantee that they’re an enemy, but the knowledge that
mental shutdowns can be caused in the Metaverse makes him concerned about this other’s
possible activities.

“Hey Mona,” he says, looking to confirm something, “You said that killing someone’s
shadow will cause a mental shutdown, right?”
Morgana crosses his arms, “Yeah…?”
“Is that the only way to cause a mental shutdown?” Ren continues, “Or can it be done outside
the Metaverse too?”
The other thieves’ expressions harden as they catch on to what Ren’s asking.
“I… don’t know.” Morgana admits after a beat. “The only way I know how to cause a mental
shutdown is by killing someone’s shadow, but…” he shrugs, “There could be another way,
I’m not sure.”
“Are you suggesting that this black mask person might be behind the shutdown incidents?”
Makoto turns to Ren, and he nods.
“It’s just an idea,” he says as the other thieves begin to look alarmed, “We don’t know for
sure- and there could be more than just the black mask with access to the Metaverse, too.”
“That’s true…” Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, “You said the app just appeared on your
phone one day, yeah?”
“The day I came to Tokyo,” Ren nods.
Ann kicks at the ground, worrying her lips together. She forces some cheer on her face,
“Well, we’re not going to get anywhere just standing around, let’s keep going!”
The thieves nod, and Ren gives the go-ahead to continue.
***
Somewhere else in the bank, Sumire hides around corners and in vents, trying to catch a
glimpse of the thieves.
She had asked Akechi for the keywords to Kaneshiro’s palace, as he had mentioned having
been there before. He obliged, and then Sumire was faced with the dilemma of how to get up
to the bank flying over the whole of Shibuya.
As per Akechi’s advice, she kidnapped one of the still functioning walking ATM’s and
dragged it below the bank, to which the entrance then opened.
Now with the keywords and a reliable entrance, Sumire had planned to make some
occasional rounds through the palace on the off chance that she’d see the thieves’ progress.
Palace traversal, as it turns out, is far easier when you aren’t trying to secure a route, Sumire
thinks. Instead of the most reliable path through the ruler’s cognition, you take any path and
see where it gets you.
Where it gets Sumire, barely a day after she started sneaking around, is in the rafters above
the thieves as they make their way through the middle floors of the bank.

She keeps a safe distance away, staying out of any line of sight, preferring to rely on hearing
to check in on them.
She should be fine like that, right? None of the thieves have called her out yet, so she thinks
she’s probably safe.
***
Ren activates his third eye again. It’s pointless, he’s pretty sure- there’s been no sign of
anyone in the bank so far, so he’s just paranoid.
If he keeps telling himself that, then maybe he’ll start to believe it.
He grabs one of the briefcases sitting conspicuously on a pedestal after his third eye
highlights it, and looks backWait.
There’sHigh above, up in the rafters, Ren can see the edge of something highlighted in blue, still and
watching. He narrows his eyes, trying to get a closer look.
As he stares for too long, the figure flinches, and moves out of sight, dashing out of range of
his third eye. Ren can see Morgana look around and make a face, before shrugging it off and
continuing to walk through the hall.
Well. It seems Ren’s fears were not unfounded, then.
***
Akechi is grateful that Shido didn’t ask for his presence directly after Madarame confessed,
because he can imagine it would not have ended well for him.
Imagine, three years of working towards revenge, snuffed out because Shido threw a temper
tantrum. Pathetic.
And, more likely than Akechi cares to examine.
But, now, a few weeks removed from the event, it seems that the man has had time to cool
down. He isn’t drinking, this time, so Akechi lets out a small breath of relief at the
knowledge that Shido will be multiple times more in control of his emotions and outbursts
for this meeting.
Anything multiplied by zero is still zero, Akechi reminds himself, as Shido takes a steadying
breath and looks at Akechi as one would a particularly persistent stain on their carpet. Or
perhaps a misbehaving dog.
“Akechi,” Shido begins slowly, “Do you happen to have any updates on the Phantom Thieves
case? Surely you can use that brain of yours to do more than the morons running around the

police station.”
Akechi can, in fact, do more than the moronic officers that make up his peers. It is
unfortunate that proving this doesn’t benefit him, though.
“I believe that it’s safe to say that these events are definitely linked to cognitive psience, sir.”
Akechi says calmly, clasping his hands behind his back, “Neither Kamoshida nor Madarame
were able to provide an adequate explanation for their confessions, so I believe their palaces
were tampered with.”
Shido scoffs and leans back in his chair, “Is that the best you can do, Akechi?”
Akechi tightens his grip behind his back, “Sir, the cognitive world is a large place, so I’ve
been unable to-”
“A toddler could have figured out that these confessions are related to cognitive psience.”
Shido spits, abruptly leaning forward, “This problem could have been dealt with days after
that gym teacher confessed, but instead you’ve let it fester until it’s hit one of ours.” He
sneers and narrows his eyes, “Do you even have an idea as to who these thieves could be? Or
are you just hoping for the best.”
Akechi doesn’t leap to defend himself. He doesn’t flinch. And he certainly doesn’t almost
break his fingers from how tightly he’s clasping his hands together.
“We’ve profiled them as high school students. Or young adults, at the very least.” Akechi
says after a beat. “Likely students of Shujin Academy, given where their first target was
employed.”
He can’t claim he knows nothing. He also won’t give up the game this early. Akechi sincerely
hopes that laying down the information the police should theoretically be able to string
together were they not incompetent is enough.
Shido gives him a long, unblinking stare, coupled with a neutral expression. “High school
students.” He states, as though he were commenting on the weather, “You’re telling me that
you’re scrambling to catch a band of overeager brats.” Shido slowly stands up as his
expression twists.
Akechi doesn’t take a step back. “Yes, sir.” He says, taking care to not inject any particular
emotion into his voice.
Shido chuckles lowly, shaking his head as he turns to face the office window. Akechi stands
ramrod straight, not making any sound as he lets Shido have his moment.
Shido walks over to his liquor cabinet, pouring himself a glass, swirling it in his hands as he
meanders his way back over to the side of his desk. He takes a long swig, and places the glass
on the side of the desk with a thunk.
“Now listen here, Akechi.” Shido walks to stand in front of him, until they’re almost nose to
nose, “If you don’t find a way to deal with this problem soon then there will be hell to pay.”

He growls, and Akechi doesn’t breathe, “I don’t care what you do, so long as this stays the
hell away from me.” He stares Akechi down for a long beat, before Akechi finally nods and
Shido turns sharply to go sit back down.
Akechi lets out the breath he was holding, as Shido hisses to himself, “The fuck do I even
pay you for, huh?”
Assassinations, Akechi doesn’t say, because he’s not a fool.
“Understood, sir.” He says instead. He’ll find a way to twist this.
The world cracks, and Akechi’s personas, usually quiet when face to face with Shido, go
dead silent.
I am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Devil arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Akechi stops breathing again.
Later. He’ll deal with this later.
He can already feel the bond settle under his skin like a poison and he wants it out“One more thing, Akechi.” Shido says after another long swig of his drink.
“What might that be?” Akechi thinks he probably says. He can’t tell over the water rushing
past his ears.
“There’s a function on the second.” Shido continues, outburst forgotten, “You’re attending.
Play nice and find the keywords for these people,” he drops a folder on the desk from one of
his draws. Akechi picks it up, limbs moving past the pressure of being leagues below, and
flicks through it.
“Some insurance for the future.” Shido explains, as Akechi memorises the names.
Akechi nods, and places the folder back on the desk, waiting to be dismissed.
Shido makes him wait, he always does, and eventually flicks his gaze back up to Akechi like
he’d forgotten he was there. “Dismissed,” he grunts with a wave of his hand.
Akechi bows, and leaves, fighting his nausea. Robin and Loki slowly creep back into his
mind, Akechi unable to make out whatever they’re trying to say.
***

Akechi kicks in a shadow’s face in the middling floors of Mementos, spitting on its
dissolving corpse. He snaps at the remaining adversaries, snarling and throwing himself into
the fray with more recklessness than he usually allows.
He doesn’t care. Let them come- he fucking needs the distraction.
Once the shadows crumble under his feet, he tugs harshly on the Star arcana in his chest, and
kicks the wall in frustration.
José comes careening around the corner, skidding to a stop in front of Akechi.
“Hey, mister!” José says as Akechi stalks up to the car, “I got your call, what’s- uh, hey
what’s wrong?”
Akechi slams his gauntleted hands on the hood of the car, “How the fuck do I break one of
these bonds?” He hisses lowly, and José’s eyes widen.
“Oh, um,” José starts, and looks sheepish, “Why do you want to do that, mister? These bonds
are supposed to make you stronger; you know?”
“Not this one.” Akechi digs at his chest, “I don’t care what the fuck these are supposed to
mean, I just want this one out.” He growls, and José looks apologetic.
“Oh,” he says, pressing his lips together and flicking his eyes downward, “I’m sorry, mister,
but it’s kind of hard to get rid of bonds you’ve formed. I’m pretty sure it’s impossible,
actually, at least not fully.”
Akechi wrenches off his helmet and runs his hands through his hair, “No, no, no, I don’t want
this one- there’s no fucking point to this one- can’t you do something?”
José looks at him with something dangerously close to pity, though Akechi isn’t sure if he
would even understand the concept, “I really can’t, mister, I’m sorry.” He jumps out of the
car and pats at Akechi’s knee, “But I meant it when I said that all these bonds have a purpose!
They’ll help you.”
“I don’t care.” Akechi growls, and sinks to the floor, clawing at his arms and head.
He doesn’t give a shit if a bond with the man who ruined his life gives him all the power in
the world, he just wants it gone. He feels the connection to him, thrumming in tandem with
the rest of his bonds, the bonds that reflect the people he’s starting to slowly, inch by inch,
connect to.
That’s terrifying in and of itself. He fears the power that Sumire holds over his instincts- her
relentless kindness and kindred insecurities kicking in the bricks of Akechi’s walls, one by
one.
His bonds with the others are different in their own ways, but Akechi can feel despite his best
efforts that he is starting to become known, and that horrifies him enough already with people
who’ve never wronged him.

Akechi has seen the ins and outs of Masayoshi Shido’s debauchery and hubris, and he wants
no part of it tethered to him, chaining him to something he despises.
He’s already done that, in a way, a part of him whispers. He ignores it. This is different.
He will not have a disembodied voice telling him that he’s grown closer to the man he’s
breaking pieces of himself apart to tear him limb from limb.
José shifts awkwardly on his feet as Akechi digs his clawed hands even deeper into his skin.
“Do you want me to tell you more about what bonds are, mister?” José asks eventually.
“I don’t care.” Akechi whispers hoarsely as he curls further in on himself.
“Okay, well,” José continues anyway, “You form bonds with the people who have the power
to change your fate! The strength of your bond represents how much of an impact you’ve had
on their life, and that usually manifests as getting closer to them,” He waves his hands as
Akechi glares at him, “But not always! Sometimes, people just have that kind of power as
you interact, just the fact that they exist is enough. And it goes both ways, too. As your bond
grows, you change their fate as much as they change yours.”
“Do you think,” Akechi snarls, “That the knowledge that my piece of shit father now holds
an inherent power over me is supposed to make me feel better?”
“Um.” José looks to consider that seriously, “Well, you also have that power over him.”
Akechi pauses, infuriated that that actually does lessen the blow slightly. If the ‘power to
change fate’ involves the power to utterly destroy someone, then he might still be on board.
It doesn’t get rid of the itch, though.
“How do I stop feeling it? That the bond is there?” Akechi turns to José.
José looks apologetic again, “I don’t think you can, mister. Sorry.” Akechi lets out a choked
sound, because of course, of course he’ll never be free of the reminder of exactly what he is.
He already has that man in his blood, he doesn’t need him in his fucking soul as well.
But it seems he has no choice.
In his silence, he feels the Star arcana grow a little brighter, and José lights up.
“Hey, look at that!” He smiles brightly, content to ignore Akechi’s withering glare, “Our bond
just got up to rank three! That’s pretty exciting, huh?”
“Sure.” Akechi deadpans, and stands up.
Before he can walk away, José speaks up again, “Fate has a lot of crossroads, and it’s
wildcards that can change the tracks. That’s what that person says, anyway.” He rubs the back
of his head, “It’s your bonds that let you do that. Sometimes, you can only change something
if you maximise your potential with someone.”

Akechi barks a laugh, “It’s a good thing Shido’s already doomed to fall, then.”
He won’t let that man get in his head.
***
On the second of July, Akechi obliges Shido’s insistence that he attend the dinner for all his
little conspiracy sycophants.
He’d better be thankful, too. Akechi has had to play at his utmost best with wheedling the
information he needs out of these people. They are thankfully more loose-lipped than normal,
given the amount of alcohol making its rounds through the guests.
Akechi would drink, if he didn’t have a job to do and people to perform for. He fucking
wishes he could have one, though- these pricks take a lot out of him, and he’d love to take off
the edge.
Having finished his stint of information gathering, Akechi hovers on the edge of the
festivities, hoping to avoid conversation. It’s poor form to leave one of these events early, so
he has to wait it out. He has his personas’ banter to keep him company, at least.
He makes his way over to the gardens of the estate (owned by one of the upper members of
the conspiracy), and takes a seat on one of the far benches. He zones out, and busies himself
with inspecting his hands, though the gloves somewhat lessen the illusion of genuine interest.
“Um, excuse me? May I sit here as well?” An airy girl’s voice cuts through Akechi’s bubble,
and he looks up to see a girl about his age with short fluffy hair in a lavender evening dress,
wringing her hands together nervously.
He pastes on a pleasant smile, and shifts over to leave some room, “Of course. Don’t mind
me,” he says.
She nods, a hesitant smile curling onto her face, and smooths out her dress as she sits. They
sit in silence for a while, Akechi content to ignore her as she fidgets uncomfortably.
Eventually, the girl cracks, “Um,” she says in what is almost a whisper, “My name is Haru
Okumura. It’s nice to meet you.”
Okumura? Akechi does remember that the asshole has a daughter, though he didn’t realise
that he dragged her along to these gatherings. She certainly doesn’t seem to be enjoying
herself, and he can only think of unsavoury ways for how a rich businessman would use his
daughter for networking.
“Goro Akechi,” He returns, extending his hand to shake, “And likewise.”
Okumura’s eyes widen, and after a beat she remembers to shake his hand, “Oh! You’re…”
she opens and closes her mouth like she’s deciding what to say.
Akechi’s smile turns a bit tight. Does his fame truly extend to spoiled rich girls who surely
have better things to be doing than thinking about borderline idols?

“Do you know Sumire Yoshizawa?” Okumura eventually says, and Akechi blinks, taken
aback, smile dropping for surprise.
“I… do.” He admits, shocked that the connection is being brought up here, “I take that you’re
familiar with her as well?”
Okumura nods with a small smile, “Mm hm.” Her posture becomes slightly more confident,
“She’s a first year at my school. She helps me in the gardens, sometimes.”
Akechi nods slowly, “I see. How did you know we were acquainted?” He’d prefer if Sumire
didn’t go around shouting their connection from the rooftops.
“Oh, it was my fault,” Okumura waves her hands in front of her, as if sensing Akechi’s
apprehension, “I asked who she was texting once, and she said that she was texting you.”
Akechi manages to stop himself from scowling. He can’t say he isn’t annoyed that Sumire
decided to throw his name around.
Okumura must notice his discontent anyway, because she giggles slightly behind her hand,
“She didn’t initially mean to mention you, I think. It was sort of an accident.” She says with a
sheepish smile.
Akechi lets out a short huff of breath, and plasters on a pretty smile, “It’s alright. I don’t
mind.” He lies.
Okumura tilts her head, looking slightly disbelieving, but otherwise lets the statement sit.
Okumura is the first to crack again, “Akechi-kun, if it isn’t rude to ask, why is it that you’re
here at this event?”
Akechi takes that she isn’t questioning his status, more acknowledging that he doesn’t seem
to want to be here any more than she does. “I was invited after solving a few private cases for
some of the guests here.” He lies smoothy, “You’re correct in assuming that this isn’t my
forte, necessarily, but I thought it poor form to decline or leave early.”
Okumura sighs a little, “I understand, I think. I wasn’t invited personally, but I think my
father wanted me to network. I’m not quite sure what he expects me to do, though. None of
these people take me seriously, and I was never good at talking to people like them anyway.”
Akechi hums, “I take that refusing your father wasn’t an option?”
Okumura grimaces, “Not really, no.” Her lip curls slightly, “He barely looks at me unless he
needs something, but now that we’re here, he hasn’t even noticed that I’ve snuck off.” She
gasps slightly and covers her mouth, “I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to complain.”
Akechi shakes his head, a realer smile curving the edges of his lips, “Don’t worry. I’m
certainly not having a wonderful time here, either.”
Okumura’s eyes twinkle as she smiles, “Is that why you’ve hidden in the gardens?”

“Of course,” Akechi lets himself smirk, “Everyone over there is too drunk to make it through
the hedges unscathed, so I think we’re safe over here.”
Okumura giggles, unrestrained this time, “You make it sound like we’re spies who’ve made a
getaway.”
Akechi folds his arms, amused, “Perhaps we are, Okumura-san.”
“Please, call me Haru.” She corrects, and Akechi doesn’t need to guess why she’d prefer that.
“Haru-san, then.” Akechi nods in agreement. He hopes she doesn’t expect him to extend the
same courtesy.
She doesn’t, or doesn’t make it obvious, thankfully, as she smiles again, “I can see how you
and Sumi-chan would get along. You’re both rather willing to go along with my silly jokes.”
Akechi blinks, taken aback once again. He hasn’t particularly considered whether or not he
and Sumire ‘get along’, in the traditional sense. He’s been distracted by their deal forged in
shared secrets, that then got wildly out of hand with the whole time-travel situation.
Akechi finds it unlikely that Sumire would put up with him if she wasn’t gaining something
from their continued deal, so he supposes whether they get along is irrelevant.
Is that really true? The Magician arcana whispers, and Akechi ignores it. Sumire would be
insane if she prefers Akechi without his masks, no matter how much it may seem that is the
case.
“Oh, I’m sorry if I’ve overstepped,” Haru says quietly after Akechi’s continued silence.
Akechi shakes himself out of it, “Not at all, I was just thinking. I wouldn’t say that Sumire
and I are that close. We’re simply working together on something for now.”
Haru looks contemplative, “She said something similar, actually.” Before Akechi can feel
validated in his thoughts, she continues, “Though, it seemed like she wanted to be proper
friends with you, but doesn’t want to push you.”
Akechi almost frowns, as he thinks about birthday outings and coming to see gymnastics
routines. Sumire has reached out to him consistently, without fail, and each time he has
followed her whims.
Why?
You enjoy her company.
SHE’S ENTERTAINING.
Akechi considers his personas’ assessment. It is true that he’s made minimal effort to push
Sumire away. The Magician is the strongest bond he has thus far. He knows that Sumire
wants to be his friend. It was his first assumption when she initially approached him, though
his other assumptions were slightly less flattering.

So why is it that now he cannot bring himself to believe her kindness to be genuine?
You’re afraid.
YOU’RE A COWARD.
(Or, he doesn’t deserve it.)
Haru smiles sheepishly as Akechi doesn’t speak, “I think I understand being apprehensive to
making friends. I try to avoid telling people who my family is, so that I can be sure they
aren’t only using me for networking’s sake.” Her smile turns sad, “Though I suppose you
can’t even have that, being famous. People will recognise you no matter what you do.”
Akechi hums, “That may be part of the issue, I think.” He says noncommittally. Eager to turn
the conversation away from him, he continues, “How is it that you met Sumire?”
“Oh, I met her when she offered to help me with the gardens at school.” Haru clasps her
hands together, “It was really quite kind. There aren’t any other members in the gardening
club, so she offered to help even with her busy schedule.”
“Are you a fan of gardening?” Akechi asks, leaning back on the bench. He could kill a
cactus, personally.
Haru nods cheerfully, “I am! I started getting into it a few years ago.”
Akechi nods to the garden before them, “Care to share your wisdom on the state of the flora
here?”
Haru smiles and narrows her eyes at the view, “It’s definitely in excellent shape. I was
fighting to keep the garden at school alive for a while, so I can definitely say I’m impressed
with the work here.” She hums softly, “But…”
“But?” Akechi prompts.
“This is just my own opinion, but I think I prefer gardens with a more natural look.” She
admits, looking down at her hands awkwardly, “I think that nature is fascinating, and it’s far
harder to see its uniqueness if it’s shaped so rigidly,” she gestures to the sharp corners of the
surrounding hedges.
“I understand.” Akechi says, surprising himself that he does, “I personally find these kinds of
gardens to be a symbol of excessive wealth. A display of control simply because they have
nothing better to do.”
It’s a little more honest than he intends, but Haru nods earnestly, andThe world cracks once again,
I am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.

It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Strength arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
“I definitely agree.” Haru says with a bright smile, “I much prefer to see how nature can
become beautiful on its own, rather than shape it to my own vision. I’m not much of an artist,
anyway.”
“I think a little chaos is warranted in nature.” Akechi huffs, amused.
Haru laughs, “That’s true!”
The conversation trails off for a beat.
“I’ve been a bit scathing towards this garden, but I think I can complement the flower bed.”
Haru says eventually, and Akechi wonders how meek she must be to think her slight criticism
‘scathing’, “It’s a very wonderful selection. I’ve been meaning to look into flower language
at some point. I find it fascinating.”
“I agree,” Akechi says, though he can’t quite parse why. Perhaps he’s just being instinctually
polite?
The excuse falls flat in his mind, but he brushes it off.
“Um,” Haru starts tentatively, reverting to her earlier nervousness, “Do you mind if we
exchange contact information? I’d like to keep in touch, if possible.”
Akechi nods, and obliges. It’s a bit difficult to rank up a confidant if he has no way of
speaking to them, after all.
He thinks he might have misjudged Haru initially. She’s nothing like her father. Akechi hopes
that she stays that way.
***
Over a week after she dragged him to her gymnastics practice, Sumire gets a text from
Akechi telling her that the Phantom Thieves have finally sent their calling card to Kaneshiro.
Sumire is still a bit shaken from almost having been caught trailing the thieves last time, but
she thinks she’s in the clear for now. She also definitely wants to see what happens for this
palace.
When she enters the palace after school, she makes use of the saferoom she activated last
time, learning her lesson from both Kamoshida and Madarame’s palaces post-calling card.
She waits a beat before warping there, allowing the thieves time to clear the way so that she
can follow behind.
She arrives after the fight has already begun, keeping to the shadowed corners of the empty
room, kicking up onto the minimal ledges to gain some height for an aerial view.

Sumire sees the thieves’ progress immediately. They’ve already come a long way from the
awkward battle stances in Kamoshida’s palace, working as a far swifter and as a more
cohesive unit than ever before. They’re still nowhere near their skill in Maruki’s palace, but
Sumire is definitely impressed.
The thieves deal the finishing blow against Kaneshiro’s shadow, and his fly-like features melt
back into being humanoid. The shadow blubbers and spills excuses, the thieves taking none
of it, as they move to shove his treasure into the Monabus.
Kaneshiro’s demeanour changes suddenly, “You’re all idiots, you know. These palaces could
net you loads of cash!”
“We ain’t like you!” Skull snaps, and the other thieves shake their heads in agreement.
Kaneshiro chuckles lowly, “I’ll let you in on a little something. There’s a criminal, using the
Metaverse for whatever they damn well want. Mental shutdowns, psychotic breakdowns,
anything goes.”
Sumire freezes, bewildered. If Kaneshiro’s shadow knows about it, then does that mean the
breakdowns and shutdowns are caused within the Metaverse? But, Akechi said that he’s been
alone in the Metaverse until her and the thievesMakoto gasps, “Are you talking about the black mask?”
Kaneshiro just grins, andOh.
ButSumire suddenly feels very cold.
She feels like a lot of things make sense, suddenly, and she hates that they do.
Of course Akechi knows who’s orchestrating the breakdowns and shutdowns, if he’s the one
doing them.
Of course the thieves were all uncomfortable around him in January, if he’s literally a
murderer.
Something in Sumire doesn’t quite comprehend it. Akechi is her friend, she trusts him and
cares about him, andSumire grasps for straws.
She can only think of how Akechi told her how forgiving the thieves are.
Ha. Of course he would know, considering what the thieves were apparently willing to
overlook.

Sumire feels like this information might have been important for her to know.
She doesn’t want this to be real.
It’s insane. There’s no way a high schooler is, what, an assassin?
Except, well, if it would be anyone, it would be Akechi.
Sumire doesn’t want this to make sense.
What, is she supposed to confront him? Stop him? There are still people due to have mental
shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns between now and January. Is she supposed to save
them, now that she knows who’s responsible?
She doesn’t think she can fight Akechi. Physically, sure, he’s way stronger than her, but
emotionally too.
She doesn’t want to hurt her friend.
The palace starts crumbling, and Sumire barely remembers escaping while she’s trapped in
her own head.
Back in the real world, she keeps thinking.
Why would Akechi ask that the thieves target Shido if he’s working for him?
Is he trapped? Being manipulated?
What can she even do?
Distantly, Sumire thinks that she’s stuck. Akechi isn’t who she thought he was, and if the
thieves were going to be suspicious of her after Madarame, then they’ll definitely assume the
worst now.
She has no alibi for how she awakened her persona, why she’s so much stronger than them
all. They’ll think she’s the one they’re looking for.
Sumire takes a shaky breath.
What now?

Chapter End Notes

*Sojiro voice* Hoo boy
Gone are the days where poor Sumire comes to all the wrong conclusions!
Now she just has to deal with the fact that one of two (2) people she considers proper

friends is in fact a serial murderer
Anyway, whole lot of rank ups.
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 4
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 3
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 2
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 1
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 2
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 2

Chapter 17
Chapter Summary

Sumire tries to figure things out, and Akechi and Ren play something to the left of mind
games.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire still doesn’t know what to do.
A lot of things have fallen into place, at least. Who killed Okumura, for one. And why there
was a rift between Akechi and the rest of the thieves.
Though, as those few questions are answered, many more are left in their wake.
Such as: if Akechi is supposedly working for Shido, why would he request that he be
targeted? Why is Akechi working for Shido in the first place?
Why was there no discernible rift between Ren and Akechi? And, for that matter, the rift
between Akechi and the rest of the thieves was not the gap that Sumire would expect given
the situation.
Haru didn’t seem to hate Akechi. She was tense, sure, but she was actually one of the few
that would be polite and cordial, more often than not. Of course, that could be more
indicative of Haru’s character than Akechi’s.
Sumire quickly scribbles down all her questions in her notebook.
Sumire knows that she’s biased because she genuinely likes Akechi as a person, but she
really struggles to imagine him as a murderer.
Well. Actually, she can, but she can’t imagine him doing it for no reason.
He’s too… ‘nice’ may not be the right word, but Sumire can only think of their
conversations, in this timeline and last, and how much Akechi would go out of his way to
pretend he didn’t care, while still making all the difference.
There’s more to this. Sumire knows there’s more to this.
She needs to ask Akechi for his side to the story. She can’t make assumptions here.
(A part of Sumire remembers that Haru’s wish was for her father to be alive)

She ignores that part. She won’t hurt Akechi if she can help it. That wouldn’t solve anything.
(Another part of her wonders if she’s just selfishly clinging to her friend at the expense of
everyone else)
She ignores that part too.
She bites her lip. How is she supposed to go about asking Akechi about his, uh- night job?
That’s one way to put it, Cinder. Ella murmurs sympathetically, and Sumire sucks in a breath
through her teeth.
‘Hey, Akechi, my good friend who I care about and respect, I heard you’re an assassin, care
to elaborate?’
Yeah, no, Sumire can’t see that one working out.
She’s missing context. That’s all she needs. Akechi can give her that if she just bites the
bullet and asks.
Hm.
She’ll… figure something out.
***
“Kaneshiro contacted me to say that my debt has been pardoned.” Makoto announces to the
attic as the meeting starts.
“Nice!” Ann says with a grin, as Ryuji pumps his fist.
Yusuke nods sagely, “So the change of heart has been successful, then?”
“Most likely.” Morgana pipes up, “Any other updates?”
“He’s been taken into police custody, right?” Ren turns to Makoto, and she nods in
confirmation.
“Hey, that’s pretty good!” Ryuji leans back in his chair hand folds his arms behind his head,
“That’s another successful heist for the Phantom Thieves, right?”
“I don’t think he’s actually confessed yet,” Makoto admits, biting her lip, “The police haven’t
released a statement yet. I only found out because of my sister.”
“Well, we’ll just have to wait and see, then.” Ann says with a bright smile, and the rest of the
thieves nod in agreement.
Ren gestures for the meeting to be adjourned, and his friends all scatter into separate
discussions, relaxing around the attic.

Ren spins his phone in his hand, thinking. He remembers catching a glimpse of something in
Kaneshiro’s palace. That, in combination with what Kaneshiro’s shadow said about the other
Metaverse user…
“Guys,” Ren signals for everyone to focus up. They all swivel their heads to attention, as Ren
leans forward.
“I want to talk about the black mask.” He says, and all the thieves’ expressions turn grim.
“Given what Kaneshiro has revealed, that does seem necessary, yes.” Yusuke hums.
Ann fidgets, “So the black mask really is the one behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic
breakdowns?”
Makoto presses her lips together, “That’s definitely what Kaneshiro implied, yes.”
“It makes sense,” Morgana says, flicking his tail, “I don’t know of a way to influence
shadows in that way without actually being there, so it pretty much has to be another persona
user.”
“Man, what an asshole.” Ryuji scoffs, “Why the hell’re they goin’ around killing people,
anyways?”
“I don’t know,” Ren murmurs, “But the incidents have been happening for a long time, right?
Do you think they’ve been alone in the Metaverse this whole time?”
Something in Ren twists at the thought. He can’t imagine what would have happened if he
awakened without Ryuji or Morgana.
“Is that really enough to excuse murder, though?” Makoto says, narrowing her eyes.
“I don’t know…” Ann hums, “We don’t really know anything about them.”
Silence falls for a bit as they all get lost in their respective thoughts.
“I think I saw them,” Ren eventually speaks up, “In Kaneshiro’s palace. My third eye
highlighted something that looked like a person before they dashed away.”
The thieves all look alarmed, and Ren winces at the reaction. Maybe he should have brought
that up sooner.
“For real?” Ryuji grits, running his hands through his hair.
“Are we being watched within the Metaverse?” Yusuke says lowly.
Morgana shifts and looks up at Ren, “I think you might be right. I wasn’t sure, but I thought I
felt something while we were exploring a couple times. With my navigator abilities, I can
usually pick up all of your presences, and it felt like there was someone else.”

“What?” Ann gasps, “Why didn’t you say anything?! Either of you!” She gives Ren the side
eye and he holds his hands up in surrender.
“I wasn’t sure!” Morgana protests, “I didn’t want to worry anyone over nothing.”
“Same here,” Ren says, and Makoto hums.
“Now that we’ve got two separate accounts of someone following us, though, I think it’s safe
to say we’re being watched.” She says, and sighs.
After a beat, Ryuji shuffles a bit, “D’you think we could catch them next time either of you
spot them? Chase em’ down?”
Some of the thieves look intrigued by the idea, but Ren shakes his head, “I don’t think so.
They were really fast, and they were already keeping their distance.”
They all seem to deflate at that, and fall back into their thoughts.
“Well…” Ann says after a bit, “There’s nothing we can do right now, so let’s just not worry
about it!” Ann smiles, sounding more confident than she looks.
Makoto nods awkwardly, “I suppose that’s true…”
“Great!” Ann’s smile brightens, “So let’s think about something else. Like what our postheist celebration is going to be?”
“Ohh, yeah!” Ryuji grins, the tension in the room forgotten.
Yusuke suddenly adopts an expression of utmost seriousness, “Are we going to have hotpot
again?”
“Nah, we already did that. It’d be kinda lame to do the same thing twice,” Ryuji dismisses
with a wave of his hand, and Yusuke deflates.
Makoto looks wildly out of her depth, “Um, what sort of thing should we do, then?”
Ren sits back and lets everyone toss ideas around. He doesn’t mind what they end up doing,
personally.
“Shouldn’t we wait and see how much Kaneshiro’s briefcase gets us before we decide on
anything?” Morgana points out over the cross chatter.
“Oh,” Ann pouts, “I guess that’s true. Oh! But we should definitely go to that fireworks
festival on the eighteenth!”
“Hell yeah!” Ryuji shouts, and Yusuke and Makoto nod in agreement.
Ren nods as well, satisfied with the plans made.

He’s still nervous, though. He’s been feeling off recently, and that coupled with the fact that
someone’s been watching them doesn’t do any favours for his stress.
Every time he gets a weird vision, or wakes up from a dream he can’t fully remember, he gets
the feeling he’s missing something. Ren keeps thinking to himself that they’re not important,
they’ll just stop on their own, and gets proven wrong each time.
He fails to learn his lesson, as he pushes the strange feeling form his mind.
They’re not important, he repeats, they’ll go away on their own.
Arsène sighs in the depths of his mind, and Ren ignores him.
***
Akechi didn’t expect Haru to contact him so soon after they met, given her meek demeanour,
but he doesn’t turn down her invitation to meet up when he receives it.
They’re both sitting at a café in Kichijoji -convenient for Akechi, considering that he lives in
the area- and exchanging some small talk over coffee.
The coffee is… fine. Akechi has had better.
Where? Robin murmurs.
Hm.
Well, it isn’t important.
“I wasn’t sure where to invite you, to be honest,” Haru says after a long drink of her coffee,
“I considered for a moment combing through your interviews to see if you would drop any
hints, but I figured that not everyone’s public face matches their true feelings.”
“A lot of effort for something that may not even be true to begin with.” Akechi agrees with a
pleasant smile, “Why did you choose this place, if you don’t mind my asking?”
Haru laughs breathily, “I thought if I chose someplace generic, then it would probably be a
safe bet.”
Akechi huffs a small laugh, “You’re in luck, then. I’ve actually been meaning to try this café
for some time now.”
Haru lights up, “Really?” She smiles, “Well, that’s a lovely twist of fate then, isn’t it?”
“Indeed.” Akechi nods, and threads his hands together on his lap.
Haru hums, “I actually wanted to come here for some selfish reasons as well. I have this idea
for a chain of café’s that Okumura foods could open someday, and I like to take note of how
different places do different things,” she tucks some hair behind her ear sheepishly, “I’m
honestly not very good at business, though.”

Akechi tilts his head, “Are you not intending to take over the company, someday?” As far as
he knows, Okumura has no other heirs. So not teaching his daughter how to carry on the
business seems like a major oversight.
Or he’s looking into immortality. It’s the kind of arrogant pursuit Akechi would expect from
someone like Okumura.
“Well, I…” Haru starts, and sighs, “I’m not sure. My father doesn’t really tell me anything
anymore. For all I know, he’s planning to pass on the company to my fiancé.”
Akechi’s eyes narrow sharply, and he pauses for a beat, “You’re engaged?” He asks, as
blankly as one can when asking such a question.
Haru presses her lips together, and looks at her hands threaded on her lap, “…Yes. It’s an
arranged marriage.”
Akechi supresses a sneer. He isn’t surprised, but he’s disgusted by Okumura’s willingness to
sell his daughter just to further his ambitions. For all the times that Akechi has made trips to
Okumura’s spaceport palace, he’s never once seen a cognition of his only daughter. He
doesn’t know if that’s because she’s deeper with the palace than he’s ever needed to explore,
or if Haru occupies so little of her father’s mind that she has no place at all within his vision.
“That is… rather old fashioned.” Akechi settles on saying with a tight smile.
Haru gives a small shrug and a weak smile, “It’s not so uncommon in big businesses, I hear.”
She hears? Is that what her father’s been telling her to allay her complaints at being engaged
at seventeen years old?
“Is that so?” Akechi fights to keep the vitriol out of his voice, “Is your fiancé amicable, at
least?”
Haru’s expression says enough, even without her response.
She presses her lips together, “He is… admittedly, quite controlling. He doesn’t like it much
when I spend time with other men.” She says in a small voice.
“Is our conversation here putting you in any danger?” Akechi says bluntly, and Haru sits up,
alarmed.
“Oh, no, he hasn’t done anything!” Haru says quickly, like that makes it better, “He just a bit
vocal, is all. It’s nothing I can’t handle.”
“No offence, Haru-san, but your situation sounds absolutely abhorrent.” Akechi can’t stop
himself from saying. He’s usually very good at hiding how he feels about these things, so he
kicks himself for slipping.
Maybe it’s the thrum of the Strength arcana in his chest that pushes him.
Haru looks shocked for a moment, before inexplicably breaking out into giggles.

“Is there something amusing about what I’ve said?” Akechi says lightly, bland smile nailed to
his face.
“No, no,” Haru says as she catches her breath, “It’s just- I was working myself up so much
about all of this. I haven’t told anyone I consider a friend about how I’m engaged, and I think
I was scared that I was overreacting, and that everyone would agree with my father.” She
huffs, and smiles brightly, “But yes, it is a bit shit, isn’t it?”
Akechi snorts before he can stop himself, “I would choose some stronger words to describe
it, personally.”
Haru giggles again, “I don’t even really know any boys aside from you, and we only met a
week ago. And still, my fiancé will always go on long rants about how I belong to him.” Her
mirth breaks as a darker expression crosses her face.
Akechi hums darkly. He considers letting his mask slip further, but he hardly knows Haru.
She probably wouldn’t appreciate it.
“I think I wanted to speak with you more partially out of spite,” Haru says softly after a
moment, “I’m sorry if that makes me dishonest. I do genuinely enjoy your company all the
same.”
Ah, now there's a break in the meek rich girl persona that Akechi was curious to find.
“Not at all, Haru-san. If anything, I’m honoured to help in spiting your fiancé.” He says, a
sharp smirk cutting his face, and Haru’s eyes widen.
She smiles again, “You’re strange, Akechi-kun.” She chuckles, “In a good way, of course.”
She places a finger on her chin, and leans forward conspiratorially, “How about this? Do you
want to come with me to the fireworks festival on the eighteenth? I think my fiancé wants me
to go with him, but I can get out of it if I say I already have plans.”
Akechi’s smile widens, “Of course, Haru-san. It would be my pleasure.”
The Strength arcana grows to its second rank, as Haru beams.
Akechi can feel his growing collection of bonds tangle in his chest, humming warmly.
(He separates one, and shoves it deep down into the recesses of his mind.)
They feel… nice. Akechi has to admit that they have a certain appeal. José did say that they
were necessary for a wildcard's power, so he supposes that it isn’t surprising that they seem to
be doing him good.
Now that Akechi is far removed from last April, he can admit that he was cracking at the
seams.
OH NOW YOU ADMIT IT
Akechi ignores Loki’s snipe.

He was fraying at the edges, and it almost feels as though his fledgling bonds have twisted
him back together.
He isn’t sure how to feel about that.
He feels better, sure.
…
But for how long?
Akechi can’t help but wait for the other shoe to drop. As much as he can change his bond’s
fate, they can also change his, right? For better or worse, he doesn’t know. Is he just supposed
to rely on the good intentions of those he’s surrounded himself with?
Where does the woven safety net end and the noose begin?
(When does the thrum of the Devil arcana come to collect? When does the Moon fall, the
Strength falter, the Star grow dim, the Priestess crumble?
When does the illusion of Justice shatter?
When do the Magician’s tricks fail?)
He doesn’t want this; he says to himself for not the first time.
So then why can’t he bring himself to pull away?
***
Sumire busies herself pulling out weeds in the garden, as Haru measures some fertiliser with
intense concentration.
She still hasn’t contacted Akechi to arrange a meeting. She knows she’s being avoidant, and
that she really needs to do this quickly, but fear is keeping her chained to indecision.
Should she be blunt? Ease into the conversation? She doesn’t want to sound accusatory, but
she feels like that’s kind of unavoidable when accusing someone of murder.
She can’t decide if she’s trying to be too kind, given that one of the family members of
Akechi’s past (future?) victim is only a few meters away.
She’s also afraid that anything she does will just push Akechi away.
It won’t help anyone if Akechi strikes out on his own again. From a pragmatic standpoint,
she insists to herself.
Haru looks up from her measuring, “Oh, Sumi-chan, I forgot to mention something,”
Sumire pauses mid-weed-pull, “What is it, Haru-senpai?”

Haru smiles, “I actually met Akechi-kun the other day. I can see why you’re both friends.”
Sumire’s eyes widen, shocked at the coincidence. “Oh!” She says, unsure what to say,
“Where did you meet him?”
“Just at one of the events my father insisted I attend. We were both hiding out in the gardens
when we ran into each other.” Haru says with a soft giggle.
Sumire resists the urge to psychoanalyse everything Akechi does to try and figure him out,
“That’s pretty amazing,” Sumire smiles, “I’m glad you two met.”
Haru beams, “Me too. I think we get along, actually. I never expected to really make a friend
at one of those fancy parties. Usually they’re just filled with stuffy businessmen.” She laughs,
and Sumire smiles along.
It’s odd, to Sumire. Haru and Akechi never interacted much during January, so Sumire isn’t
exactly an expert on whether or not the two would be good friends.
Sumire can guess pretty easily why they didn’t talk much during that month. Maybe they
have the potential to be thick as thieves without patricide hanging over their heads, though?
Who knows.
(Unless, she reminds herself, she leaves this long enough for history to repeat itself.)
“Oh!” Haru starts, “I almost forgot again, but I invited Akechi-kun to join me at the fireworks
festival on the eighteenth, and I was wondering if you want to come as well?”
Sumire blinks, “I’d love to!” she says hurriedly, “It’s the day after my gymnastics meet, but I
should be fine.”
Technically, she hasn’t been chosen for club representative yet, but she’s pretty sure she’ll get
it. She got it last time, after all, and she was doing far worse at gymnastics at that point.
“That’s good!” Haru says brightly, “I’ll see you there, then.”
Sumire nods, and goes back to pulling weeds out of the planters.
As they begin to wrap up, Sumire bites her lip and wrings her hands together. Haru gives her
a questioning look.
“What’s wrong, Sumi-chan?” She asks softly.
Sumire starts, “Oh, nothing much!” She laughs stiltedly, trailing off. She sighs, “It’s just…
have you ever needed to talk to someone about something, but you aren’t sure how to do it?”
Haru tilts her head bemusedly, before nodding slowly, “I suppose so?” She hums, “I think I
always put off speaking with my father because I know that talking to him won’t really
change anything.”
Sumire frowns, “Okay…”

Haru winces, “Sorry, I guess that you’re looking for advice, huh?” She rolls her lips together,
“What is it that you’re worried about, specifically?”
Sumire huffs, “A lot of things. But, I’m mostly worried because what I need to talk about is
really delicate for a lot of reasons, and if I mess it up people could get hurt.”
Haru’s eyes widen in alarm, “Is everything alright, Sumi-chan? You don’t need help, do
you?”
Sumire hurriedly waves her hands, “No, no, nothing like that!” She tugs on her ponytail, “It’s
sort of… private? In a weird way.”
Haru nods, though Sumire can’t tell if she’s fully convinced, “That’s okay, I understand.
Then…” She looks into the middle distance, seemingly considering, “Since I don’t know
what it is you need to talk with this person about, then I guess my best advice is to just bite
the bullet.”
Sumire grimaces, “Yeah, that sounds about right. I keep trying to psyche myself up for it, but
I always overthink it.”
Haru smiles sympathetically, “I hope it goes well for you.”
Sumire gives a weak smile in return, “I hope so, too.”
She just has to get it over with.
***
“I can’t believe this!” Sae snaps, slamming the table.
Akechi keeps his face impassive. It’s best for her to just let it out, he thinks.
“We’ve been trying to nail Kaneshiro for years now, and he suddenly hands himself over to
police custody and confesses days later?” She scoffs, “What the hell.”
“Are you not glad that he’s confessed?” Akechi asks, already knowing the answer.
Sae bites her lip, and sneers, “Now that the case can be attributed to the Phantom Thieves, no
one can take the credit for his arrest. I was the one trying to get to Kaneshiro this whole time,
and now it’s been snatched from right under my nose.”
Akechi stays quiet, and Sae paces, “My only shot now is to catch the Phantom Thieves,” she
mutters to herself.
Akechi wonders if she will. Akechi also wonders what she’ll do when she finds out that her
younger sister is one of them. She’d be screwed, either way. Torn between her duty to her
family and her duty to society.
Akechi isn’t thrilled about Kaneshiro’s confession either, though for very different reasons.
He can’t really complain, though, since he did nothing to even try to stop the thieves.

Sae huffs and sits back down. “Let’s go over what we know.”
Akechi nods, knowing that this will probably end the same way the last three times they
‘went over what they know.’
He’s right, for the most part. Sae hits a roadblock since the number of victims for Kaneshiro’s
schemes cannot be narrowed down to anyone particularly suspicious. Even if it could be,
Akechi doubts any of them would lead to the thieves’ newest member.
Sae hisses to herself, and brings out a folder from her bag.
“I’ve started investigating something that could be related to these cases.” She says sharply,
and Akechi tilts his head.
“Oh?” He says with a pleasant smile, “What might that be?”
“Cognitive psience,” Sae says, and Akechi goes very still, “I did some research into the
basics, and it’s premise sounds an awful lot like some of the incidents we’ve been
investigating.” She spreads out some papers over their table, “I’ve hit a dead end in
investigating, though. The biggest name in cognitive psience was Wakaba Isshiki, but she
died nearly two years ago. And,” Sae huffs in annoyance, “I can’t find her research
anywhere. It’s like it was scrubbed intentionally.”
Akechi remembers. He remembers quite well, actually, (Don’t think about it). He also knows
that there were, and still are, other investigators in the field that may have bits and pieces of
information, (Don’t think about it). No one knows cognitive psience quite like Wakaba did,
though.
She was the only one who could get her hands on a proper test subject, after all.
(Don’t think about it)
“Akechi-kun?” Sae gives him a sharp look, “What do you think? Could this be a lead?”
Akechi readjusts the porcelain of his face, “I’m not sure how you intend to continue
investigating if you can’t find where the research is, Sae-san.”
Sae whips out another sheet of paper, “I’m not out of leads just yet. There was an exgovernment official who acted as the proxy between Isshiki’s lab and her sponsors in the diet.
Sojiro Sakura. He runs a café in Yongen, now. I think I might be able to get something out of
him.”
Akechi nods numbly. He remembers Sakura, vaguely. They only crossed paths once or twice.
He’s pretty sure that Sakura had some choice words for the kinds of things Wakaba was
doing to get results. Come to think of it, that’s probably why Akechi didn’t see him too often.
“I looked into it,” Sae continues, “And it seems that Sakura took in Isshiki’s daughter after
she died.”

Oh.
Akechi forgot Wakaba had a daughter.
Or, more accurately, he avoids thinking about it.
…
His personas are silent again.
“I think I’m going to go ask Sakura some questions.” Sae says briskly, “I already know him,
since I’ve been to his café before. I just hope he’ll be cooperative.”
Akechi unsticks his jaw, “And if he isn’t?”
“Well,” Sae says cooly, “Then I’ll have to find some leverage.”
The part of Akechi that isn’t trying to shake itself loose from frost recognises that Sae has
already become far more aggressive than he expected. Her shadow seemed desperate, sure,
but she was still in control of her faculties. She wasn’t rushing to admit heinous crimes or
repressed urges like so many others are.
Akechi wonders if that’s already changed.
“Just don’t overstep, Sae-san.” Akechi warns in an airy tone, “I wouldn’t want you to get into
trouble for pushing too far.”
Sae scoffs, “I’ll be fine.”
Akechi is pretty sure that Sojiro Sakura knows next to nothing about Wakaba’s research.
Undoubtedly Wakaba never let him get too close. Whether to protect him or herself, Akechi
can’t answer.
Neither option makes him feel good.
He wonders how far Sae will try to push for information that Sakura can’t give her. He
wonders what leverage she’ll try and employ.
He wonders how long it will take for Sae’s casino palace to form, at this rate.
Akechi feels the Moon arcana grow to its fourth rank, and he tries not to think about it.
***
Ren strolls through Kichijoji, still riding the high of Kaneshiro’s confession the previous day.
He wasn’t really concerned to begin with, since they’ve already had two successful changes
of heart as reference, but it doesn’t stop him from feeling accomplished.
Maybe he should play darts to celebrate? He still hast played with Makoto yet, and he’s
noticed how playing darts with his friends translates to better teamwork in the Metaverse, so,

Ren nearly skids comically to a halt as he sees Akechi leaning against the wall beside
Penguin Sniper.
“Him again?” Morgana grumbles, and yowls in protest when Ren goes to prompt him out of
the bag, “You’re hanging out with him again?! You know that’s dangerous, Joker! He’s the
detective investigating us!”
“Yeah, and I’m fishing for information,” Ren comes up with on the spot. He thinks that’s
probably what he should be aiming to get out of interacting with Akechi, but, well,
(He doesn’t have a reason, he thinks. Just as he doesn’t have a reason to spend time with any
of his other bonds, and he doesn’t see why Akechi has to be any different.
Though, part of him acknowledges that Akechi is different, and there’s a burning itch of
curiosity that urges Ren to try and understand why.)
He can feel Arsène bristle in agreement, and Ren knows it’s what he has to do.
“Fine!” Morgana relents huffily, and leaps out of the bag.
Ren grins to himself, and walks up to Akechi, who’s currently zoned out, staring at nothing.
“Are you busy, detective?” Ren asks, and tries not to feel too satisfied as Akechi startles.
“Amamiya.” Akechi blinks, “I’m not busy, no. Do you need something?”
Ren rolls his lips at the implication that he would only seek Akechi out for a tangible benefit,
“No.” He corrects, “I was wondering if you wanted to hang out.”
Akechi’s face stays neutral as he stares Ren down, “I see. I had actually been intending to
invite you out to a café nearby that I wanted to try, but someone else beat me on the
initiative.”
“You’re popular, then?” Ren grins sheepishly.
Akechi makes a noise that sounds very suspiciously like a snort, “Not exactly. It was just
coincidence.”
Ren twists his fringe between his fingers, “We could still go there, if you want.” He shrugs, “I
can’t seem to remember any laws that forbid someone from going to the same café twice.”
Akechi gives him a look that seems distinctly unimpressed, “No, I suppose not.” He
deadpans, before a perfect smile slams onto his face, “I suppose if you’re inviting me, then
you’ll be paying?”
Ren ignores a wave of déjà vu, “You’re lucky I’m a gentleman, detective.” He turns to start
walking, before realising he doesn’t know where they’re going. The corner of Akechi’s
mouth twitches upwards before he falls into step to lead the way.
Akechi leads him to a modern-looking café, and they both take a seat and order coffee.

“So what’s so special about this café that you wanted to try it?” Ren says, peeking over the
dessert menu in his hands.
“Nothing, really,” Akechi admits, “It’s just that interviews often ask me about current trends,
and I need to have opinions prepped.”
Ren scrunches his face, “How is that relevant to detective work?”
“It isn’t.” Akechi says flatly, not looking up from his own menu.
“That sucks.” Ren commiserates, eyes flicking to the side as he looks down.
Akechi hums, tilting his head up slightly, “It does, a bit.”
Ren raises his eyebrows expectantly, hoping he’ll continue, and frowning when Akechi
leaves it at that.
Akechi’s a bit hot and cold, he thinks. Ren can’t tell when he’s stumbling into a
conversational pitfall that will cut the detective off short. He isn’t sure if he wants to push,
either. For all Akechi has taken permanent residence in a corner of Ren’s mind, they’ve only
really met a few times, so he doesn’t know what etiquette he has to employ here.
…
Fuck it.
“Is there something stopping you from keeping the interviewers on track?” Ren asks
surreptitiously, leaning his cheek against his hand.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I suppose you got a rather charitable impression of my interviews
that day at the TV station.” He sighs, “That was an outlier, I’m afraid. Most of the time I’m
never asked about any specific casework, and more about myself.”
“Oh.” Ren hums, “Why do you have to keep up with trends, though? Can ‘yourself’ not just
say that you’re unfamiliar with what they’re talking about?”
Akechi gives him a look that borders on exasperation, “I’d prefer to be in control of the
image I present on television. The personality I cultivate for media purposes is much more
palatable than what’s underneath, I find.”
Ren frowns. He doesn’t like how matter-of-factly Akechi said that. He shrugs awkwardly, “I
think I’d like the real you, as well. Whatever he’s like.” He says quietly.
Akechi pauses for a moment, before pasting on another pretty smile, “That’s very kind of you
to say, Amamiya.”
Ren slumps in defeat, and nods weakly, going back to his menu.
Akechi shifts, “What makes you think I’m not being real right now?”

Ren looks up, and smirks, “Because you act nearly exactly the same here as you do on TV.”
Akechi returns the smirk, though it’s a shade more sardonic, “Then you haven’t seen me on
TV very much.”
“Of course,” Ren sighs dramatically, leaning back, “You’re only at your truest when dissing
the Phantom Thieves, how could I forget?”
Akechi lets out another suspiciously snort-like sound, and covers his mouth, “An interesting
conclusion to jump to, but I concede not an entirely inaccurate one.”
Ren grins, leaning forward, “Then I guess we’ll just have to debate some more, if I want to
see the real you.”
Akechi pierces him with a sharp look, “Why is that you seem so invested in that?”
Ren goes to answer, but stops short.
He’s identified that the desire is there, but he’s yet to ascertain why.
The itch returns, and the curiosity with it.
What is it that makes Akechi different?
“I think,” Ren says slowly, “That it’s because we’re similar.”
Akechi tilts his head, “That’s an awfully vague answer.”
Ren shrugs, “It’s all I’ve got.”
“Ha.” Akechi breathes, and then shakes his head, “I have to say that I’ve felt a curiosity
towards you as well. Maybe you’re just magnetic?” He says, voice gaining a teasing edge.
Ren grins, “You sure you aren’t the magnetic one?”
“Who knows?” Akechi leans back, and folds his arms, “Maybe it’s fate.” He says softly.
Ren looks Akechi up and down, before smiling genuinely, “Yeah,” he huffs, “Maybe.”
(Both Ren and Akechi feel the Justice arcana reach rank three)

Chapter End Notes

This will become more relavent in later chapters, and I know plenty of writers already
complain about this alot, but holy *fuck* is it an ordeal to write any more than three
characters in a scene. Just. Atlus, why o why are there *10* main characters in Royal. I
love them all but like

Anyway, I'll never complain again, so:
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 4
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 4
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 3
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 1
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 2
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 3

Chapter 18
Chapter Summary

Sumire gets some Déjà vu, Ren feels like he's missing something, and Akechi faces
himself.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Is this fateful enough for you, Akechi?” Ren asks as he walks up behind the detective in
Shibuya station square.
Akechi turns, not startled, to Ren’s disappointment, and gives him a plastic smile, “I suppose
it must be. Running into you two days in a row?” He chuckles lightly.
Ren shrugs. He didn’t actually have a plan in starting this conversation. But he’s already dug
his grave, and Akechi seems more than content to watch him lie in it. “That, or you’re
stalking me.” He says, giving the other a small grin.
Akechi raises his eyebrows, “You’re the one who would be stalking me, in this case. Need I
remind you that you’re the one who started this interaction, Amamiya?”
Ren’s smile widens, “I guess I just really want to spend time with you.”
“Is that an invitation?” Akechi smirks, “You’ll be paying again, in that case.”
Ren clutches his chest, “Akechi, my poor wallet. It’s already on life support- are you trying to
put it out of its misery?”
That gets a more genuine laugh from Akechi, “If you’re that broke, I can pay.”
Ren shakes his head, “I can pay.” He says quickly. He shouldn’t -he really is poor- but letting
Akechi pay feels like conceding defeat.
…Ren feels like he might be losing either way, actually, but he’s decided to prioritise his
pride.
Akechi opens his mouth to say something, but is cut off as someone runs up to him.
A blur of red skids to a halt in front of them, “Akechi!” Yoshizawa says, a little out of breath,
“Um, I wanted to-” she cuts herself off as she spots Ren, and gapes awkwardly.
“Sumire.” Akechi says, voice sharper and deeper than Ren’s ever heard it, “What is it?”

Yoshizawa seems to kick out of her stupor, “Oh! Um…”
Ren shuffles on his feet awkwardly, “Uh, hi.” He gives a small wave and points to himself,
“Amamiya. You’re Yoshizawa, right?”
Yoshizawa nods stiffly, eyes wide and clamping her jaw back together. Akechi looks between
them, eyes narrowing, before his eyebrows raise and he pastes on another TV smile.
“Ah have you two not met?” Akechi says, voice back to its usual cadence, “You go to the
same school, right? This is serendipitous, then.”
Sumire gives him a lightly bewildered look before realisation dawns on her face and she
faces Ren properly. “Right!” She says loudly, “Um, I’m Sumire Yoshizawa, Amamiyasenpai. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Uh,” Ren says intelligently, “Likewise.” He almost holds his hand out to shake before
thinking better of it. “So, you two know each other?”
“Yes.” Yoshizawa says, and Akechi nods. Ren stays silent, waiting for them to elaborate.
They don’t.
“Okay…” Ren twists his bangs as Akechi and Yoshizawa say nothing. “Uh, well don’t let me
stop you from saying what you need to say.”
Yoshizawa looks alarmed for a second, and Akechi turns to her with an expectant expression.
“Umm…” Yoshizawa presses her lips together, “Oh! I, uh, got chosen to be my club’s
representative.”
Akechi looks amused for a beat, before his face rearranges into something congratulatory.
“That’s very impressive, Sumire. Your club is quite prestigious, right?”
Yoshizawa finally smiles, and she nods cheerfully, “Yep! I was pretty confident, but I’m glad
either way.”
“You do gymnastics, right?” Ren interjects awkwardly.
Yoshizawa flinches slightly at being addressed by him, and- dear god, what kind of
impression did he leave on her for this to be her reaction? “Um, Yes. Rhythmic gymnastics.”
She says after she recollects herself.
“Oh?” Ren smiles tentatively, “I did dance when I was younger, so I enjoy that kind of stuff.”
Yoshizawa seems to forget herself as she brightens, “You do? That’s really cool, Amamiyasenpai. Have you considered joining Shujin’s dance club?”
Ren tries to keep up with her sudden shift in demeanour, and he sees Akechi raise another
eyebrow in his peripheral vision, “It’s been a long time,” Ren scratches the back of his neck,
“And I don’t think I could really join any clubs with my reputation.”

Yoshizawa deflates, “Oh, right… I kind of forgot. Sorry.”
She forgot? Ren had assumed Yoshizawa was uncomfortable around him because of the
rumours at school, but if she forgot- then maybe he did something else?
But what could he have done-?
“Oh my gosh!” Yoshizawa exclaims suddenly, “I’m so sorry, I interrupted your discussion,
didn’t I?” She bows deeply, “I’ll leave you to it, Akechi, Amamiya-senpai,”
“You don’t have to leave just yet Sumire.” Akechi says, and Ren can’t get a read on the
something that creeps into his tone.
Ren shrugs, “We were just thinking about going somewhere. It was a total coincidence that
we ran into each other.”
Yoshizawa’s mouth makes an ‘o’ as she looks between them. Something crosses her face, and
Ren thinks it seems awfully similar to the ‘something’ afflicting Akechi.
Before Ren can ask, Akechi interrupts, “Well, I suppose if fate will have it, how about all
three of us go somewhere together?” He says sweetly, a smile working its way onto his face,
and Ren lets out a small sigh. The ‘something’ is smugness, then.
The smugness on Yoshizawa’s face morphs into amusement. “Oh?” She says innocently.
“Did you want to go to that café again?” Ren says, ignoring whatever silent conversation is
passing between the two. He can try and decipher that later.
“That sounds agreeable.” Akechi nods, and Yoshizawa nods in agreement as well.
The trio begins to head towards the Kichijoji line, and Ren tries to wrap his head around what
just happened.
He’s finally been properly introduced to Yoshizawa, and it’s cleared up exactly nothing about
her. From the way both she and Akechi act, Ren feels like he’s out of the loop on several
inside bits that neither the gymnast nor detective have any intention of explaining.
He wonders if they thought they were being subtle. They both seemed amused, at least.
Maybe this is all one big joke at Ren’s expense.
He sighs to himself, very glad that Morgana isn’t here to laugh at him.
***
Sumire doesn’t know how she got into this, but she can’t decide whether to laugh or cry.
For being a time traveller, Sumire has experienced shockingly little in the way of repeated
interactions. For the most part, aside from school classes, she hasn’t had any people come to
her with things she’s already heard before.

And that is why it’s so hilarious to her that -even in wildly different circumstances- Akechi
has still managed to drag the three of them on an awkward café date. She didn’t realise it was
awkward last time, but now she knows how much Akechi thrives off of schadenfreude, it’s
clear he’s setting this up on purpose.
She has to stop herself from dissolving into giggles every time she catches a glimpse of
Akechi’s entirely too self-satisfied smile.
She also flinches every time she looks at Ren.
Sumire hates how easy it is to just start talking to him like nothing’s wrong.
On his end of things, there isn’t anything wrong, she reminds herself. She’s probably weirded
him out with how hot and cold she’s been, actually.
You’re supposed to be angry; she reminds herself when she almost starts some idle chatter
with him.
He doesn’t remember you; she reminds herself again when she almost points out something
they did together last timeline.
Akechi keeps throwing her looks. She hasn’t explained any of this to him, after all. He’s
probably put two and two together on the fact that Ren is the person she takes issue with in
the thieves, but has no intention of telling him exactly why until she gets through her to-do
list of ‘things to address’ first.
Maybe Akechi will just assume that she resents Ren as the leader because he failed to
infiltrate Maruki’s palace before the deadline, or some other conclusion based on the lies
she’s told.
She needs to figure this out, she thinks for what must be the tenth time this week. She still
hasn’t made any progress, of course.
Sumire catches Ren’s eyes again, and the man looks bewildered. Understandable, considering
the battle going on in Sumire’s head, and how Akechi seems caught between his interview
personality and his real one.
He’s sticking to his TV smile, mostly, but he’ll occasionally shoot Sumire a sharp look or
phrase that must make for an odd picture for people not in the know.
Such people including Ren, of course, who still hasn’t managed to mask the utter confusion
on his face.
Sumire bites her lip.
Her instinct is to get far, far away from Ren. She doesn’t trust herself not to do something
rash, like lash out. Or forgive him, like the old Sumire would have done in a heartbeat.
She wonders if the new Sumire is really any different.

Is it growth, to hold a grudge? Where does the betrayal to herself lie? Is it in chaining herself
to the past or in ignoring it entirely?
Ella thrums warmly, reassuring. Sumire smiles to herself.
She’s still angry, then. Ella can confirm that.
Sumire wonders if there’s something wrong with her, that she enjoys the company of a
murderer more than someone who had done so much to help her in the past.
Akechi has done a lot to help her too, though.
Hm.
Maybe, Sumire thinks to herself, she’s just selfish. Maybe that’s why she’s finding it hard to
care.
She shakes the thoughts out of her head, and focuses back on the present.
The conversation is definitely more awkward this time around, now that Ren is the one most
out of the loop in this situation. And, unlike Sumire last time, he has the awareness to realise
that he’s missing something, and is thus making no attempt at furthering the conversation.
Akechi isn’t helping, as usual- but he also isn’t making it any worse by asking Sumire any
out-of-the-blue questions to try and poke something out of Ren, so there’s that.
Sumire sighs quietly to herself.
This is a mess.
***
When Ren finally heads back to Leblanc after spending time with Yoshizawa and Akechi, he
finds himself so drained that he barely manages to remember to eat dinner before crashing.
Once Ren finally lets himself sleep, he dreams.
Ren finishes wrapping a bandage around his arm. The rest of his team are scouting ahead,
and only the thieves’ two newest members are waiting in the room with him.
“Are you done?” Crow drawls.
“Don’t you need to be patched up too?” Ren says to him, and frowns.
“I’ll be fine.” The other says flatly, and kicks off the wall.
The other girl shifts in her chair awkwardly, “I’m sorry to hold us up, but I think I need some
healing myself.”
Crow sighs, and slumps back against the wall. Ren shoots him a look, and moves to the girl’s
side to hand her some first aid materials.

“I’ve been wondering,” She says as she wraps up the worst of her wounds, “Why can’t we
just heal these with our personas?” She winces as she rubs some cream on a cut, “I’ve got
plenty of energy to spare.”
“We do that in the heat of battle, because it’s quick,” Ren explains, “But we can heal it more
thoroughly if we fix ourselves up the old-fashioned way.”
“With your shady doctor’s experimental drugs, you mean.” Crow pipes up.
Ren pointedly ignores the other’s snide remark, “But, some of us,” Ren says loudly, “Are
apparently just fine with feeling like they’ve been hit by a train, and refuse to accept healing
like a normal person.”
The girl giggles, and Crow scoffs, walking over to the door of the safe room.
“I’ll keep an eye out.” He says flatly, and leaves the room.
The girl worries her lips together, “Will he be okay?”
Ren eyes the door. He’ll be fine. Crow is capable. He’s proved that more than ten times over.
A gunshot, and an alarm…
Ren still feels the fear begin to creep into the edge of his senses.
“I’ll keep him company,” Ren eventually says, “Shout if you need anything.”
She nods with a bright smile, and Ren opens the door.
Crow is leaning against the wall opposite the safe room, glaring at any shadows that get too
close. He looks up as Ren coughs to grab his attention.
Crow sneers, “I don’t need to be babysat, Joker. I’m sure Violet still needs help.”
“Can I not just want to see you?” Ren sighs, keeping his voice forcibly light, “And Violet’s
fine.”
Crow shrugs, and makes no move to continue the conversation. They stand in silence for a
bit, Ren shuffling awkwardly and Crow staying eerily still.
“That’s really going to hurt, if you don’t wrap it.” Ren breaks the silence, gesturing to the
fading claw marks raking across the others side and chest.
“Really? I didn’t know.” Crow deadpans, and Ren fixes him with his best exasperated look.
Crow sighs, “I’ve dealt with this kind of shit before, Joker, I know what I’m doing.”
Ren scowls, “Then why won’t you let m- us help you?” he throws his hands up, “I don’t know
what you want from me, Crow.”

“I don’t want anything from you.” Crow growls, head snapping up, “One would think you’d
eventually take a hint, but it seems you’re incapable of minding your own business.”
Ren scoffs, feeling anger bubble under his skin, “So, what, I’m supposed to just stand around
while you hurt yourself? This isn’t a fucking joke-”
“Fuck off, Joker, this isn’t about you.” Crow hisses, and stalks forward, “The only thing that
matters here is getting this goddamn palace over and done with, so that none of us have to
deal with this piece of shit reality ever again.” He punctuates it with a shove to Ren’s chest,
and Ren stumbles back against the wall.
“And what if you get hurt?!” Ren shouts, voice breaking, “Badly, this time! What if you get
knocked down because of injuries that you could have easily fixed, and there’s nothing I can
do? I-” Ren breaks off, biting his lip.
Crow stares him down, and shifts his weight onto one leg, folding his arms. “I survived the
ship, didn’t I?” He says lightly, “It will take more than an ache to kill me, Joker.”
When Ren opens his mouth to respond,
He wakes up. Though not fully, in something that Ren can only now remember is becoming a
pattern,
“Why were you hurting yourself like that?” Is the first thing Ren says when he loses the scene
script, the tension that was coiling his guts like a spring cutting short.
The tension in Crow seems to ease too, as he tilts his head in consideration, “I think it was
proof.”
“Proof of what?” Ren pushes.
“That I was real.” Crow says with a sharp grin.
Ren ignores how that makes his chest tighten, “You were one for existential dread, then?” he
says with forced lightness.
Crow shrugs, “Something like that.”
Ren nods, and they mirror the memory by falling into silence as Ren bites his lip.
“You really shouldn’t have been hurting yourself like that.” Ren says stiltedly after a beat.
Crow gives a long sigh, “Are you just going to quote the memory? Or are you going to ask
some proper questions?”
Ren presses his lips together. The more he learns about what he’s forgotten, the less pretty the
picture seems to become as it unfolds.
How was it that Crow died? Ren thinks for the first time. Was his death avoidable? Easily
fixed, if only something had gone right?

Ren doesn’t know why he accepted the fact that Crow is supposedly dead in the real world so
easily. Now, the knowledge bites at the back of his mind as he seeks to remember more.
“Who was the other girl? Violet?” Ren asks, trying to shake off the crushing feeling, “I think
that’s the first time I’ve seen anyone other than you or me in these memories.”
“Could you not see anything identifiable about her?” Crow asks, and Ren shakes his head,
“In that case, you’ll have to find out later, I’m afraid.”
“Is she dead too?” Ren whispers, softer than he intends.
Crow shrugs, “Unless she tripped into a ditch, or something, then I think she’s just fine.”
Ren feels some of the weight disappear from his chest. He nods slowly.
Crow looks him up and down, and scoffs, “What’s wrong, Joker? You’ve seemed so carefree
in the face of these up until now.”
Ren smiles weakly, “I don’t know.” He chuckles, “I think this memory just made it hit that
you’re dead, in the real world.”
Crow frowns, and huffs. He speaks up, “Listen, Ren-”
And Ren wakes up, properly, this time.
The dream fades, and the remnants of Ren’s consciousness from the vision tries catching
smoke, andMiraculously, catches some.
When Ren wakes up fully, he remembersDread. Sorrow, and fear, he remembers,
Onyx black with a flash of red, a shove to the chest and a breaking voice, heCan’t remember anything else.
Ren wakes up, and he knows he just dreamed something important.
He scrambles out of bed, grabbing his probation diary from the workbench and flipping to
any page to just write it down.
He repeats what he remembers in his head like a mantra, clinging to the lightning in a bottle,
andRen finds that the memory isn’t fading.
(He feels, deep within his subconscious, the mystery arcana with no name or function grow
to rank three)

He scribbles down the jumbled words anyway, and his eyes catch on a mismatch of random
words he must have scrawled down at some point.
Weird guy? Was in Mementos. Can’t remember something? A dream but still real. Something
to do with visions?
‘Can’t remember something?’ No shit. He can’t even remember writing any of that stuff
down.
‘Something to do with visions’, is it?
Onyx black and a flash of red- in mementos, if past him is to be believed. A dream, but still
real.
…
Ren bites his lip.
Onyx black, and mementos.
Could it be that…?
Is Ren trying to remember something about the black mask? Is that what the visions have
been about?
It’s a leap in logic, for sure. And for as much as Ren can’t tell what the visions are about, he
can tell that they haven’t been about one person- not in a specific sense, at least.
He frowns.
Okay, he finally admits to himself, maybe these visions are actually kind of important.
***
Akechi can feel the thrum of the Devil arcana before he even enters the room.
It makes him sick. He has a sudden violent urge to claw the skin on his chest off just to get a
shot at ripping out one of the tangled threads worming its way through his arteries.
He ignores it. He has gloves on, so he wouldn’t get very far anyway.
Instead he doesn’t smile, doesn’t frown, doesn’t do much of anything as he closes the door
slowly behind him with a quiet click as Shido paces furiously behind his desk.
“Sir,” Akechi says quietly.
Shido’s head snaps up, and he sneers at the sight of Akechi.
“Akechi,” Shido starts with faux benevolence lacing his voice, “Explain to me how it is
you’ve let things get this far.”

Akechi almost bristles at the implication that this is all his fault. He doesn’t though.
He knew that letting the thieves have Kaneshiro was a risky move, but he’s prepared for
Shido’s wrath, this time.
He can spin this.
“The thieves have managed to take down Kaneshiro’s palace, yes,” Akechi launches into his
prepared speech, “But I’ve managed to locate them in the Metaverse, now. I don’t have their
real-world identities yet, but that won’t be necessary if I can just-”
“No.” Shido interrupts.
No?
Akechi closes his mouth.
This is a deviation.
“You’re lucky, Akechi,” Shido says, sitting down and leaning forward, “That I’ve come to
appreciate the benefits to leaving the thieves alone for now.”
Akechi clenches his jaw together, “Leaving them alone, sir?” he says through grit teeth.
“That’s what I just said.” Shido snaps, “Have you heard of Medjed, Akechi?”
Of course he fucking has, “Yes, sir.” He says.
“These thieves are a danger to us, but they’re also a danger to themselves.” Shido says
smugly, leaning back, “They’re a bunch of brats. They won’t be able to resist a challenge to
their self-righteousness.”
Akechi smiles passively as he sees where this is going. “So you want Medjed to issue a
threat, then?”
It’s too bad that a hacker will join the thieves in the future. Shido’s destructive plan might
have actually worked.
“Yes,” Shido says lowly, “We let the thieves and the public panic for a while, and then we
make it seem as though the thieves have taken down Medjed just in the nick of time.”
Oh.
Maybe the thieves never needed a hacker, then.
Akechi fucking hates where this plan is going. He doesn’t think about why.
“We can pin the breakdowns and shutdowns on them.” Shido smirks, “Their rapidly declining
popularity will be a springboard for my final success.”
Akechi is starting to get the bigger picture.

The Phantom Thieves, led by Ren Amamiya, stumble their way into another world and
accidentally awaken to a mysterious power.
And just so happen to find a guide with all the answers they need.
They discover they can take down a disgusting abuser, and a series of misfortunes pushes
them to become desperate and try these unknown methods.
They succeed, and no one gets hurt.
(Because they have a fucking guide.)
They decide that they’re justice incarnate, and start taking the requests of anyone with a sob
story or a complex, and stumble into Shido’s conspiracy by pure coincidence. They’re set up
with Medjed, and they ride the high of their newfound popularity. They then target Okumura,
and face the consequences of their arrogance when he dies by mental shutdown. To try and
save their asses, they target Sae.
There’s a bit of a gap in what Akechi knows here.
Somehow, they find Shido. They probably figure out what Akechi does, too. They take down
the politician, save the day, and have their perfect little happy ending. All the while, Akechi’s
revenge goes unfulfilled, his reason for existence snuffed out like a candle, all because a herd
of fucking teenagers got lucky.
And then their school counsellor becomes god, or whatever.
“It’s an excellent plan, sir.” Akechi says, because there’s nothing else he can say.
“You’ll play an integral part in this, Akechi.” Shido says, like it’s an honour, “If you keep
being a vocal dissenter of the thieves, then the public will turn to you as well when they fall.”
Akechi wonders if that’s supposed to make him want this.
“Then,” Shido continues, “You’ll be in the perfect position to destroy them fully when the
time comes.”
It’s about thirty percent of a plan. Akechi assumes it’s going to be on him to figure out the
rest, because it always fucking is.
“I won’t let you down, sir.” Akechi gives a saccharine smile, andThe Devil arcana reaches rank two.
Ha.
Of course it does.
Akechi feels his nerves cringe away from the thread, his blood curdle at its sting.

Akechi lives, and has always lived, his life in a constant state of anticipation. Anticipation for
the day that it will all be worth it, every promise fulfilled, every sacrifice not in vain, every
potential regret snuffed out, and, well,
This bond only makes him all the more eager.
Perhaps it does serve a purpose.
***
The Devil arcana had fucking better serve a purpose, Akechi thinks later when he rips his
mind out from under the water, because otherwise he’s going to claw his skin off.
Maybe he won’t do anything that extreme. He could always claw off a shadow’s, instead.
José insisted quite fervently that bonds serve to grow a wildcards power, change fate, and
other such bullshit. Akechi has decided to put this to the test.
Which is how he finds himself leaning leisurely against the railing of a luxury cruiser in
Shido’s head, staring disinterestedly at the city drowned in bloody waters.
Akechi’s theory is this: if Sae Niijima’s shadow was able to sense that she represents the
Moon to him, then it isn’t a stretch to believe that the arcana can affect the cognitive world in
an undefined way. Akechi wants to see how that extends to palaces, if at all.
He has no intention of seeking out Shido’s shadow. The fire that Akechi would have to play
with is far too great- the chances of him accidentally influencing Shido’s real-world mind are
too high, especially if the shadow can recognise him through vibes, apparently.
Akechi kicks off the railing, and shoots the door handle instead of turning it, kicking open the
entrance to the foyer. None of the cognitions spare him much of a glance, too absorbed in
their chittering laughter and airy small talk to care about the black masked intruder storming
past them with murder in his eyes.
Maybe he’ll terrorise the creeps around the pool deck. That’s always some good stress relief.
An outsider’s perspective on Akechi’s actions may question why it is that he’s waited two
years for his revenge instead of simply tearing through Shido’s head the second he found the
other world.
The answer can be split into two parts. The first: when Akechi first awakened his powers, he
couldn’t have made it ten steps in the front door without being turned into a bloody, pasty,
adornment on the carpet.
Then, even as Akechi got stronger -and he got stronger fast- Shido’s palace adapted. A side
effect of knowing the man in the real world, Akechi assumes, combined with Shido’s active
knowledge of the cognitive world’s existence. Shido’s palace is designed to keep Akechi, and
Akechi specifically, out. Cognitions are uncooperative, Shadows target him with unchecked
aggression, and a lurking presence in the darkness rains bullets down from above with all the
accuracy of an experienced sniper.

So, for the outsider asking why Akechi hasn’t hurried the hell up- the answer is that he’s
tried.
The second part to the answer, is that Akechi craves a very specific type of revenge.
Many people would consider death too good for scum like Shido, and Akechi happens to
agree. He still intends to kill him, of course, but he’s going to make sure it isn’t quick. The
higher Shido is when he falls, the longer he’ll have to contemplate exactly how pathetic and
worthless he is before he hits the pavement.
Goro Akechi is a patient man. He can wait.
Doesn’t stop him from bitching about it, though.
Akechi spins and kicks and slashes through the shadows cornered in the narrow hallways,
taking the fastest route through the ship to make ground. He’s not headed anywhere in
particular- he’s only here to test his theory.
So far, there’s no indication that Shido’s palace is any easier than before.
Fuck.
“Fuck!” Akechi hisses as he wrenches his blade out of a shadow’s dissolving corpse. What’s
the hell is the point of dealing with this fucked up bond of it isn’t even doing anything for
him?
“Are you having fun?”
Akechi freezes at the voice.
“You’re starting to raise the alarms, you know. The captain won’t be happy if the news
reaches him.”
Akechi knows that voice, he knows it well, becauseAkechi spins, and is met with the blank stare of his own face.
The cognition tilts its head and gives a passive smile, “I usually let you get away with a lot,
but I’m afraid that the carpet is starting to stain.” It raises a hand and gestures at the black
ooze that hasn’t fully evaporated with the rest of the shadows’ bodies.
Akechi swallows. HeA sneer- his own face. Akechi hates how this thing is using his face. Maybe it’s narcissistic of
him for that to be the thing he’s focusing on, but it’s all he can think about.
It’s all he can think about, because if he were to think about anything else, he would have to
think about the other’s shouts from behind the bulkhead door. He’d have to think about how
much everything hurts. He’d have to think about-

He’d have to start wondering if death will hurt, more than he’s in pain now. If there’s
anything after. If there’s a hell, then he surely has VIP tickets.
He hopes that the other can forgive him for this, and he firesAkechi blinks, shoves that out of his mind for later, and continues to stare down the cognition
wearing his skin.
It’s… accurate. Unnervingly so. Akechi isn’t sure what that says about what Shido thinks of
him.
“Are you going to say anything?” The cognition drawls, “You were so loud before.”
“What are you?” Akechi finds his voice again.
“What am I?” The cognition gives him an innocent smile, “I’m you, of course.”
“No you’re not.” Akechi spits, “You’re what he thinks of me.”
The cognition shrugs, and sighs, “I suppose that’s true. But the captain is very perceptive,
you’ll find.”
Akechi points his sword at the cognition, “Why have I never seen you before?”
“You’ve never caused this much trouble before.” The cognition points out, “Normally I’d let
the cleaner deal with you, but you seem to have torn through him in your little tantrum.”
Akechi might remember that. He wasn’t paying a lot of attention to what he was killing.
“So, what?” Akechi steps closer, “Are you here to try and kill me?” He tenses his muscles,
preparing to make the first move.
The cognition’s eyes widen in faux shock, “Goodness, no! Unless,” it smirks, “You plan on
inconveniencing the captain. It’s my job to deal with problems like that.”
Akechi doesn’t untense. He doesn’t trust this thing at all.
It was always reasonable to assume that there would be a cognition of him on Shido’s ship.
He’s the one keeping the thing sailing, after all. But after encounters with nearly every other
member of the conspiracy, and no sign of him- Akechi figured that Shido envisioned him as
another one of the drowned bodies in the blood-filled sea.
Great. Another reason to hate Shido, and a loose end that Akechi didn’t need to worry about.
But now, staring himself in the face, Akechi is abruptly realising that he may be a
countermeasure to himself.
“I’ve never seen you on this ship before.” Akechi pushes again, “Where have you been
hiding?”

“In your blind spots, mostly.” The cognition says flatly, “None of the other sycophants on this
ship are treacherous enough to be worth my time. It doesn’t matter if I’m in full view of
them.” Its smile stretches unnaturally, “For intruders like you, on the other hand?”
Akechi fails to stop the shock from twitching on his face as he realises the implication to the
cognition’s words, “You aren’t a guest on this ship.” He states more than asks.
The cognition claps his hands together, “Ding ding ding! That’s right! I don’t need to be
bribed like everyone else. I’ll do the captain’s bidding either way.”
Akechi uses a great deal of self-restraint to not shoot the cognition then and there. “How do
you get around, then?” He grits out past his clenched teeth.
“The same way you do, probably.” The cognition says cheerfully, “It doesn’t matter if any of
the guests see me.” He repeats, “They either assume I’m one of them, or they’re so
pathetically easy to kill that it doesn’t matter anyway.”
Akechi steps closer, sword still pointed threateningly, “If you’re here because I’ve been
causing trouble, then why the fuck are you stopping to chat?”
The cognition grins, andI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Tower arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
“Well, I figured I’d ask nicely first.” The cognition chuckles lightly, “All I’m good for is
murder and a pretty face, right?”
“Fuck off,” Akechi spits as he’s still reeling, and crushes a Goho-M in his hand.
He reappears on the front deck of the cruiser, clenching his fists and grinding his teeth.
Fucking hell.
Akechi thinks it’s rather concerning, that his fate is supposedly tied to a figment of a figment
of Shido’s imagination.
Akechi doesn’t admit to fear very often. Usually, he’ll shove down anything that can be
labelled ‘hesitation’ so far that he forgets it exists entirely. It’s effective, when he needs to get
things done.
Don’t think about the weight of a gun in his hand, don’t think about how this is killing him
slowly from the inside out, don’t think about how the person on the other end might have had
something to live for.

Everything he destroys, is trash, scum- things that deserve the fate delivered by Akechi’s
hand. They should have seen the sword of Damocles gifted to them alongside their
acquaintance with Shido, so who’s truly at fault?
Shido, mostly.
(He can’t kid himself; Akechi knows he’ll deserve the best seat in the frozen lake at the
bottom of hell)
Perhaps it is his own perception of himself as an unbiased, unrelenting killer, that makes
Akechi fear a mannequin styled to bear his own face.
No one is safe from the judgement wrought by the conspiracy’s assassin, least of all Akechi.
(Only good for murder and a pretty face, The voice of the cognition repeats in his head.)
He needs to be more careful.
The Tower arcana doesn’t make him feel as sick as the Devil does. It’s filler, to him. He
doesn’t care what Shido thinks of him, so long as he doesn’t catch on to his plans.
…
That, he chuckles wryly to himself, unfortunately encompasses a lot about how he needs to
be seen.
That doesn’t mean he cares.
The Tower arcana buzzes, and the hair on Akechi’s neck pricks as he feels himself being
watched yet again.

Chapter End Notes

*akihiko voice* Ianyway- the Tower wasn't actually an arcana I thought of in my initial planning for this
fic, but as soon as I thought of it, I started laughing maniacally and have yet to stop
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 4
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 4
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 3
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 2

Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 2
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 3
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 3
___
Shido: And then we'll set the thieves up so that they'll fall at the peak of their popularity
Akechi: Excuse me this is PLAGIRISM

Chapter 19
Chapter Summary

Fireworks festivals, and things boil over.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“I really hope that they don’t use that footage…” Ryuji whispers, the fear of god solidly
instilled in his tone.
“Well,” Yusuke pats his shoulder reassuringly, “You did an excellent job of making it utterly
nonsensical and embarrassing, so we can only hope that they fear that it will reflect poorly on
them, rather than just you.”
“You’re not helping!” Ryuji whines. Ren tries his best to look sympathetic, but fails as he
breaks out into snickers.
“Traitor…” Ryuji grumbles, and Morgana starts laughing as well.
The group comes to a stop outside of the unfinished Odaiba stadium, still chatting away. Ren
quietly zones out of the conversation as he looks at their surroundings. The stadium has yet to
reach a point where its scaffolding is impressive, and the view consists largely of a wall and
some heavy-duty vehicles.
Ren blinks, as he gets a glimpse of red.
“Hey, isn’t that that weird girl?” Morgana pipes up suddenly.
Ryuji looks up, confused, “Huh?” His eyes widen, “Oh, hey, it’s Sumire!”
Ren blinks. Actually, he’s pretty sure that Ryuji has mentioned knowing Yoshizawa before.
Yusuke looks up, “Hm? Oh, Yoshizawa-san.”
Ren lets himself be shocked at that one. Ryuji looks bewildered as well.
“Dude, how do you know her?” Ryuji narrows his eyes, “You don’t even go to our school.”
“It was a fortuitous day.” Yusuke smiles serenely, “I stumbled upon Yoshizawa-san purely by
chance, as she was wearing a beautiful expression of despair and agony. I asked if I could
sketch her, and she agreed.”

“She probably just didn’t know how to say no…” Ryuji grumbles, and Yoshizawa finally
turns and sees the group. She blinks, and starts an awkward wave. She looks unsure of
herself, and jogs over to them.
“Um,” she stutters, “Hello, everyone.”
“Heya, Sumire!” Ryuji says with a bright grin, “What’re you doing here?”
“Oh, um,” Yoshizawa’s eyes flick to Ren for a beat, “Just reminiscing, I guess. I just had a
gymnastics meet today.”
“How’d it go?” Ren asks.
Yoshizawa’s face lightens slightly, “Oh, it went pretty well, actually! I still wish I did better,
but…” She shrugs.
“Eh,” Ryuji waves his hand dismissively, “We all wish we did better at stuff like this after it
happens. If you ain’t happy yet, it just means you have the chance to do even better at the
next one.”
Yoshizawa smiles properly at that, “Right.”
“If you don’t mind my asking,” Yusuke cuts in, “What is it that you were reminiscing about?”
Yoshizawa’s eyes flick to Ren again, before settling back on Yusuke, “Oh, well, it’s just-”
She clamps her mouth together, and starts again, “The last summer meet I did, I sort of blew
it. Badly. So I was reflecting on my growth, I guess? Sort of.” She fidgets her hands together.
“Hey, growth’s pretty good!” Ryuji grins again.
Yoshizawa giggles, and Ren tilts his head.
“Why here?” Ren says, against his better judgement.
“Huh?” Yoshizawa turns to him, clearly thrown off.
Great one, Ren, He thinks to himself. He’s really not doing himself any favours in improving
her opinion of him.
“I mean,” Ren digs his grave a little deeper, “Is there something special about this stadium
that you’d reminisce here?”
Yoshizawa looks at him with an odd expression, before she snaps out of it, “Um!” She says
too loudly, “Well, I used to come here when I got sort of depressed, and I came here after I
bombed that meet, so, yeah.” She shrugs as she cuts herself off.
Yusuke nods sagely, “Ah, the inherent meaning of this place served as a conduit for your
recollection and personal growth.” Yoshizawa looks confused for a second before she nods,
not seeming particularly confident in her agreement.

“Uh. Right. That.” She smiles.
“Sorry.” Ren blurts, “For prying,” he clarifies.
Yoshizawa blinks again, “It’s okay!” She says, and Ren isn’t sure if she means it.
“Anyway,” she continues, “What were you all doing here?”
“We were just here to check out the stadium after the summer festival.” Ryuji says, “But
turns out it wasn’t super interesting.”
“Oh, the summer festival, huh?” Yoshizawa hums, “Was it good?”
“It was…” Yusuke starts weakly.
“Hot. Sticky. Crowded.” Ren finishes for him.
“Yeah, kinda a letdown.” Ryuji grouses.
Yoshizawa winces sympathetically, “Oh, that’s too bad. I’m sure that there’ll be other
summer events you can enjoy, though.”
“You got any plans yourself, Sumire?” Ryuji asks.
“Oh, yes!” Yoshizawa beams, “I’ll be going to the fireworks festival with some friends
tomorrow.”
“What a coincidence,” Yusuke smiles, “We will be attending as well.”
“Maybe we’ll see each other.” Ren hums, and Yoshizawa stutters on a nod.
The red-haired girl remains an enigma to Ren. He’s not sure what he’s done to prompt a
response like this from her, and he’s doing an all-around awkward job at rectifying it.
He’s good with people, he likes to think. At least, he’s good with people who have secrets
and hurt and are all around reflections of the scorn that Ren himself has experienced at the
hands of society- and he’d have to be, to be the leader of a vigilante group.
Ren thinks that Yoshizawa could fall into the same category. It’s a feeling that bubbles from
his collection of arcana, a hum of a whispered voice that tells him a bond can be formed.
That’s why Ren doesn’t know what he’s doing wrong.
Maybe it has nothing to do with him. Maybe he just reminds Yoshizawa of someone she
hates, and that’s why she flinches every time he speaks, why her eyes keep darting to him
like he’s one sudden movement away from going on a rampage.
But nothing explains why it seems that Yoshizawa just seems to know everyone.
Everyone that he knows, at least. Outcasts stick together, perhaps? But he’s the biggest
outcast of them all, and so far Yoshizawa has made no attempt to be anything other than

distantly polite and clearly uncomfortable.
Maybe…
Ren feels like he’s missing something. But as Yusuke, Ryuji, and Yoshizawa continue to
happily converse, he’s no closer to understanding what it is.
***
Sumire pulls on the sleeves of her yukata, shuffling uncomfortably as she waits at the station
for Haru and Akechi to show up. She’s early- she didn’t mean to be, but she had left too
much time to get ready for fear that it would take far longer than it actually did.
She also never asked if anyone else would be showing up in yukata, and she’s really hoping
that she isn’t the odd one out here.
She waits, and avoids the curious looks of passers-by and returns the commiserating nods of
a few other stragglers clearly waiting on their friends to show up.
Just as she goes to text someone to see where they are, she looks up at the sound of hurried
footsteps.
“Sorry I’m late, Sumi-chan!” Haru gasps, out of breath, “There was some traffic, and I got
held up.”
“It’s all right, Haru-senpai!” Sumire waves her hands placatingly, “I wasn’t waiting too
long.” She lies, but it’s not Haru’s fault that Sumire was early.
Haru looks relieved, “I’m glad,” she smiles, “I like your yukata, by the way.”
Sumire smiles, and is happy to see that Haru is wearing her own yukata as well, “Thank you!
Yours is lovely too.”
Haru giggles, and then looks around, “Is Akechi-san not here yet?”
“Nope,” Sumire confirms, popping the ‘p’, “Should I call him?”
Haru frowns, “Only if you think he won’t mind. It’s only five minutes past our meeting
time.”
Sumire shrugs and dials Akechi anyway.
There’s a click as he picks up, “Sumire, you are aware that it’s only five minutes past our
meeting time, yes?” He says dryly.
Sumire stifles a laugh, “And that’s five minutes later than you usually are.” She points out
good-naturedly.
There’s a weary sigh on the other end of the line, “I’m almost there. I got held up.”

“Don’t keep us waiting!” Sumire says cheerfully, and hangs up.
“Is he close by?” Haru asks as Sumire puts her phone away.
“He should be,” Sumire nods.
At that, Sumire catches sight on Akechi weaving his way through the crowds. He’s also
wearing a yukata, and his hair is drawn up in a low ponytail.
Haru waves cheerfully, and Akechi pauses before returning a smaller wave.
“Apologies for my lateness.” Akechi says, coming to a stop in front of them. He’s caught
somewhere between his pleasant affectation and his regular tone- a sound that Sumire is
becoming increasingly familiar with as she sees him interact with more people while she’s
still there. She feels a bit proud, that her presence is enough to force Akechi to drop the mask,
if only a little bit.
Haru smiles, “It’s not a problem, I was late too.”
Akechi shoots Sumire a look, likely still annoyed that she called him, and she pastes on an
innocent smile.
“Anyway,” Sumire looks away as she starts talking, “We should probably get going, if we
want to see anything.”
Haru sighs regretfully, “I should have booked us someplace where we could see better. I
didn’t think about the crowds.”
Sumire blinks as she briefly remembers how rich Haru is, and Akechi shakes his head,
“Don’t worry about it.” He says, “Our group is small, so we can move through the crowds
fairly easily anyway.”
“Then let’s move!” Sumire says brightly, and turns, the other two following suit.
Akechi is right in saying that their smaller numbers allow them to elbow past a lot of people
fairly easily, and they manage to find the best spot they possibly can.
Which is to say, still not a very good spot. Sumire, as the shortest member of the group is left
jumping up and down to try and get a better look at the sky, while Haru squints her eyes and
stands on her toes, and Akechi is left to try and shield the group from anyone attempting to
usurp their position.
Sumire sends him an apologetic look, and jumps as she hears the bang of a firework, and then
several more- glittering colours dancing across the clouds overhead, though she can’t see the
fireworks themselves.
Haru frowns, “I really should have gotten us somewhere better…” she says over the noise.
“Don’t worry about it!” Sumire says back, “I wouldn’t have wanted to impose.”

Haru sends her a smile, flinching and looking bewildered as a drop of water splashes on her
face. Sumire blinks and nervously peers up at the sky, frowning when some more precursor to
rain splashes on her face.
Akechi hums and narrows his eyes at the sky like it has personally offended him, and
gestures for the group to start moving and find shelter. They manage to beat the crowds as a
voice from some speakers announces that the rest of the fireworks festival will be cancelled
due to the weather.
They manage to take refuge underneath an awning. Sumire pouts as she starts wringing out
her waterlogged yukata.
“You know, I’m surprised no one seemed to recognise you, Akechi-san.” Haru says as she
twists her sleeves to shake out the water.
Akechi looks up, midway through wringing out his hair, “I did consider that as a possibility,
but since so much of my public presence is focused on a very specific image, I hoped that
changing a few key details would serve as enough of a disguise.”
Sumire hums, “Is that why you wore your hair in a ponytail?” Her eyes widen, “That’s pretty
amazing that that was enough.”
“Yes, well,” Akechi says, tying his hair back up, “Many people tend to focus only on the
superficial.”
Haru smiles, “I guess that’s true. It worked out in our favour, at least.”
Akechi nods, and hums, “I suppose so.”
Sumire frowns and looks up at the continued rain, “It’s too bad we got rained on.” She didn’t
go to this festival last time, so she didn’t realise this was due to happen.
Haru shakes her head, “I’m sorry, everyone. I was the one who invited you both here and
all…”
“It’s not like you made it rain,” Sumire points out with a smile that Haru tentatively returns.
Akechi hums, “Did you at least accomplish your goal in inviting us, Haru-san?”
Haru blinks, bemused for a beat, before a mischievous smile splits her face, “Oh, yes, you
should have seen his face. I don’t think I’ll forget it for some time now.”
Akechi gives her a sharp grin, and before Sumire can ask, Haru gasps.
“Oh! Isn’t that…?” She points across the way, and Sumire can see the current Phantom
Thieves in a similar predicament to their own.
Ann and Ryuji are bickering as Makoto pinches the bridge of her nose, Yusuke frames them
with his hands, while Ren watches, smiling.

Ren’s eyes flick up, and catch on the other side of the street, flicking over Sumire and Haru
before landing on Akechi. He gives a stilted wave that catches the other thieves attention, five
other sets of eyes shooting up to see the trio across the way.
Akechi sighs quietly as he waves back, Ren’s face brightening slightly as he does. Sumire
blinks and rushes to give a cheerful wave to the rest of the thieves, who all blink out of their
bafflement and return the wave.
Haru shifts awkwardly, and Ren makes a motion from across the street that Sumire can’t
quite decipher.
Akechi can’t decipher it either it seems, as he raises his eyebrows and pulls out his phone.
Sumire reads from over his shoulder.
Akechi: What is it that you’re trying to say?
On the other side of the street, Ren jumps and fumbles for his phone.
Akechi’s phone buzzes after a beat.
Amamiya: im saying you should come over to this side
Akechi: Why should we move?
Amamiya: theres less people in your group
Akechi looks up from his phone and shoots Ren an unimpressed look across the street. Haru
giggles slightly from Akechi’s other side as she peeks in on the conversation as well.
Akechi: Sacrificing us for the needs of the many, are we?
Amamiya: yup
Akechi sighs, and relents. He gestures for Sumire and Haru to follow him, and jogs across the
street in the rain.
The trio cram under the awning, the thieves shifting to make room.
“Hello!” Sumire says, freshly rained on and out of breath.
“Sorry for the intrusion…” Haru says softly.
“It’s not an intrusion if I called you over.” Ren points out, twisting his damp fringe between
his fingers.
“Uh, hello!” Ann waves brightly, masking her confusion.
“Hello, Ann-senpai.” Sumire smiles back.
“You’re…” Makoto’s eyes linger on Haru, and she starts.

“Oh!” Haru exclaims, “I’m sorry, I haven’t introduced myself.” She bows to the thieves, “I’m
Haru. A third year at Shujin.”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “Oh, I think I’ve seen you working around the gardens before.” She
smiles and nods at Sumire, “It’s nice to see you again as well, Sumire-chan.” She gives
Akechi some light side eye before giving him a nod of acknowledgement as well, “Akechikun.”
“Niijima-san.” He returns with a perfect smile. He shifts, “Did you have a reason for calling
us over, Amamiya?”
“Uh,” Ren blinks, “Not really.”
“Then why’d you call him over?!” Ryuji hisses in what Sumire assumes was supposed to be a
quiet voice. Ann elbows him.
“It is lovely to meet you, Haru-san, Akechi-kun,” Yusuke speaks up, cutting across the
blondes’ argument.
“Likewise,” Akechi says pleasantly, “Yusuke Kitagawa, right?”
The thieves go stiff at that, “How did you…?” Yusuke murmurs.
Akechi chuckles apologetically, “I’m sorry,” he says, clearly not sorry, “I was assigned to the
Madarame case, and I saw your name come up. I suppose it just stuck with me.”
“Be careful.” Sumire hears Morgana say as the cat pops his head out of Ren’s bag, “I think
he’s onto us.”
Haru’s eyes widen at the sight of Morgana, “Oh! A cat?”
Ren flushes, “Uh, yeah, sorry. I carry him around a lot. He has separation anxiety.”
“I do not!” Morgana sputters, and Haru inches forward a bit.
“May I pet him?” She asks, hand outstretched.
Ren turns to look at Morgana questioningly. The cat huffs, before relenting with a “Fine.”
Ren nods to Haru, and she brightens with a small smile. She scratches behind Morgana’s
ears, and he looks to be doing his best to pretend to not enjoy it.
“So,” Sumire says, as the tension has been successfully defused by Haru, “did you all enjoy
the festival?”
***
Ren shrugs at Yoshizawa’s question.
“Ugh!” Ann exclaims dramatically, “I was so excited for this, and then we got rained on!”

“For real…” Ryuji sighs, seemingly forgetting Akechi’s presence.
“It was definitely a bit of a letdown…” Makoto frowns, shrugging slightly.
Haru stands back up, “It was sort of the same for us…” she giggles, “I invited Akechi-san
and Sumi-chan, so I feel a bit bad.”
“So, uh,” Ann says, and Ren supresses a shiver at the precursor to the Takamaki acting
special, “How did you all meet, anyways?” She says, as nonchalantly as she can muster.
Which, as it turns out, is not very much.
Akechi and Yoshizawa exchange a look, and Haru smiles, “Sumi-chan helps me with the
gardens at school, and I met Akechi-san at an event.”
Akechi and Yoshizawa nod in agreement. Ann looks at them expectantly, and shifts
awkwardly when they say nothing.
“Oh!” Yoshizawa blinks, “My father’s the director for ‘Good Morning Japan’, so I met
Akechi when I tagged along for one of the shoots.”
“Right,” Akechi adds, as an afterthought.
“Oh, I see…” Ann says, clearly a little disappointed at the mundanity.
Morgana gives her a look, “Did you expect them to reveal all their deepest darkest secrets
because you asked nicely?” Ann can’t say anything to defend herself, but she does boop his
nose in revenge.
The thieves start happily making conversation with Haru and Yoshizawa, as Akechi stays to
the side and checks his phone. Ren sidles up to him, passing his bag off to Makoto.
“Hey.” Ren says.
Akechi looks up from his phone, “Hello,” he says, some amusement creeping onto his face.
“You, uh, look nice.” Ren stutters, because he does. Akechi in a yukata and ponytail is
something he didn’t expect to see, but he has to say that he likes the look.
Akechi blinks, taken aback, before a TV smile slams down on his face, “Thank you,
Amamiya.” He says with no particular intonation.
“I’m being serious,” Ren says quietly.
Akechi tilts his head, some of the mask dissipating, “I didn’t mean to insinuate you weren’t.”
Ren nods, and their conversation peters out.
After a beat, Akechi’s eyes flick to him again. “You look nice too.” He says, and Ren gapes.

He clamps his mouth shut when he realises he must look like an idiot, “Uh,” he says
intelligently, “Thanks.”
Akechi’s eyes glimmer teasingly, “I’m being serious,” he echoes.
“I don’t really look any different from normal,” Ren looks down, resisting the urge to reach
up and mess with his fringe.
“You aren’t wearing your glasses.” Akechi points out, “I’ve never seen you without them.”
Ren instinctively goes to readjust the glasses that aren’t there, “Uh, yeah. They’re actually
fake.”
“Hm,” Akechi pierces him with a look, “I thought as much. The lenses didn’t reflect the same
way normal glasses do.” He chuckles, “Do you wear them to add to your mysterious charm,
or something?”
Ren grins, “You’re the detective, you tell me.”
Akechi huffs a laugh, “I’ll have to get back to you on that one. Give me some time to collect
evidence.”
Ren chuckles, before his brain catches up to what Akechi said.
“You think I’m charming?” Ren blurts.
Akechi pauses, and then turns to fix Ren with an exasperated look, “I was implying that you
think you’re charming.”
Ren lets his grin grow wider, “Those two aren’t mutually exclusive.”
Akechi sighs in a show of dramatics, “And yet you still aren’t charming.”
A startled laugh escapes Ren’s lips. He goes to retort, but he’s cut off by Haru’s sigh from the
other group.
“I’m sorry everyone, but I think I need to get going.” She says, putting her phone away after
having checked it, “It’s getting a bit late.”
Yoshizawa jumps, checking the time on her own phone, “You’re right! I think I have to leave
as well.”
Haru smiles, “You can get a lift with me, if you like,” she turns to where Ren and Akechi are
standing, “Do you need a lift as well, Akechi-san?”
Akechi nods, “I wouldn’t mind one. Thank you, Haru-san.”
Haru nods cheerfully, “Great! I’ll get us picked up near the station. Goodbye everyone!” She
waves to the thieves, and falls into step with Akechi and Yoshizawa. Akechi throws Ren a
short wave as he leaves, and Ren returns it and smiles.

After the trio are out of sight, Ryuji throws up his hands, “That was so effin’ weird!” He
hisses.
“How so?” Yusuke frowns.
“I’ve seen Haru-san around once or twice,” Makoto muses, and she frowns, “But those three
seem like such an odd trio to be friends.”
“I mean,” Ann shrugs, “I’ve met Sumire-chan a few times, and we’ve all met Akechi-kun
once or twice at least, but it’s not like any of us know them that well. So we can’t really say if
it’s weird or not. Like,” She laughs sheepishly, and twists some of her hair around one of her
fingers, “We’re pretty weird too.”
Ren nods in agreement, a small smile tugging at his lips, but Morgana pipes up, “Akechi
always acts weird when he’s near us. And he was definitely off this time, too.”
“Right,” Yusuke hums, “It did seem odd that he was aware of my name. Though, his excuse
was also perfectly reasonable.”
“Man,” Ryuji cuts in, “When Sumire said she was going to this festival, I didn’t think she
meant with Akechi.”
“She can be friends with whoever she wants,” Ren says noncommittally.
“Well, yeah, but-” Ryuji backpedals, and then huffs, “I just think he’s a dick.”
Ren shrugs, not particularly enthused to debate this with his friends yet again, “He’s not so
bad.”
“Anyway,” Makoto thankfully interrupts, “We might just be being paranoid. There’s nothing
about those three that screams ‘odd’ other than being slightly unexpected.”
“I think you’re right,” Ann nods, and then grins brightly, “And Haru and Sumire are such
sweethearts, too!”
“They are rather pleasant to converse with.” Yusuke says, smiling.
“Yeah, Sumire’s great.” Ryuji says sunnily.
Morgana hums, “She doesn’t seem to like Joker much.”
Makoto gives Ren a confused look, “Really? How come?”
Ren shrugs, “Dunno,” he says, helpfully.
“Helpful.” Ann deadpans, unhelpfully.
Ren grimaces, “I really don’t know. She likes all of you, at least.”

The other thieves exchange looks, and all give weak shrugs. Ren takes that they’re just as
clueless as he is.
Ren defended the group earlier, but that doesn’t stop him from wondering. He’s been running
into Akechi and Yoshizawa a lot lately, and the two are trying their damndest to ensure they
come as a set. Throw Haru in the mix, and Ren is left with a lot of questions.
Three people hanging out is not inherently nefarious, he reminds himself. Three people who
he keeps running into is not odd, especially when he actively seeks one out and he’s only met
another twice. Three people hanging out does not mean they know that Ren and his friends
are the Phantom Thieves.
Maybe, if he keeps telling himself that, he’ll stop feeling like he needs to check over his
shoulder.
It’s probably his paranoia from all the mysteries in the Metaverse that’s making him extra
afraid of anything slightly unexplained in the real world.
That, and Akechi is a detective trying to catch the thieves. Ren tries to ignore how he’s the
least worried about that.
The black mask, strange dreams, inexplicable visions, standoffish girls, and strange trios.
Ren sighs. When can he catch a break?
***
The fireworks festival was… fine. Akechi didn’t hate it. The annoyance he felt at the rain
was definitely tempered by the fact he knew that simply being there was pissing off Haru’s
fiancé.
He doesn’t particularly enjoy crowds, and he’s glad that neither Sumire nor Haru called him
out on how tense he was, or how he spent more time than strictly necessary eyeing their
surroundings with frantic paranoia.
They didn’t mention it, or they didn’t notice. Either way, he’s grateful.
The reason he was late is actually because he spent longer than he realised on trying to
determine whether a ponytail and change in outfit would be enough to disguise him. It was,
so he was nervous over nothing, it seems.
Running into Amamiya and the other thieves was an interesting turn.
He’s been running into Amamiya a lot, lately. He thinks he should be more annoyed than he
is, but unfortunately the younger boy has a sort of magnetic charm that Akechi is struggling
to ignore (not that he’d ever admit that to Amamiya). It’s the kind of charm that Akechi
figures vigilante leaders would need to have.
Or cult leaders. But that’s neither here nor there.

Something in him curdled at how easily Sumire and Haru were able to speak with the thieves.
They accepted the two with open and friendly arms while Akechi was forced to make his
presence unobtrusive.
Of course they’d like Sumire and Haru, a more rational part of Akechi thinks, neither of them
are the detective threatening to arrest them.
Another, perhaps less rational, part of Akechi is sharp, and furious, and jealous. He always
has been.
He feels the warm hum of the arcana nestled in his heart, and he know that these bonds are
going to ruin him.
He didn’t care, before. He’s never cared that he can play people like a fiddle but could never
service the instrument. It didn’t matter. Most people can’t tell the difference, and he’s never
cared to correct them.
But now, when he felt the slight pull of the Magician, Strength, Justice, and High Priestess,
all in tandem, he suddenly wished he was more. That he could be so effortlessly personable
as all of them. He could never be one of them, for all the reasons on earth, and where he was
once numb it now hurts, the threads of bonds cutting his insides like wires.
So, when Amamiya chose to speak to him instead of anyone else, if Akechi felt endlessly
smug (And endlessly relieved) that the Phantom Thieves’ precious leader chose to speak
with him instead of his friends, well, that’s his own business.
Just after Haru had dropped both Akechi and Sumire in Kichijoji, Sumire had pulled him
aside and asked if they could meet in Mementos at some point. She seemed weirdly nervous;
in a way she rarely is around Akechi anymore. The times when Sumire had acted like this
was when she was hiding something, so Akechi assumes she has something to get off her
chest.
So, he felt the Magician arcana glow warmly, sighed, and agreed to meet.
Which leads to now.
“So, what is it that you wanted to tell me, Sumire?” Akechi turns and looks at her, folding his
arms.
Sumire blinks, “Oh, uh, you could tell?”
“You aren’t a particularly accomplished actor.” Akechi says dryly.
Sumire winces, “Yeah. I’m starting to figure that out.”
Akechi tilts his head and snorts. “Well?” He prompts, “Spit it out.”
Sumire bites her lip and looks at the floor, “Right, um,” She breathes in deeply and huffs,
“So, after you told me that the thieves had sent Kaneshiro’s calling card, I followed them in
like I did with Madarame.”

Akechi nods slowly, “I had assumed you would. That’s why I told you about the calling
card.”
“Yep,” Sumire laughs nervously, “So, just after they fought his shadow, he, um, told them
some stuff?”
She seems to be losing her nerve as she trails off. Akechi sighs, not eager to make this trip a
waste of time, “Are you going to get to the point.”
“I- I’m getting there,” Sumire says, voice pitching upwards, “Kaneshiro, he talked about
another Metaverse user, like Madarame did, and he, um, said that,” she pauses and takes a
breath, “He said that the other Metaverse user was responsible for the mental shutdowns and
psychotic breakdowns.” She finishes, and finally looks Akechi in the eye.
Ah.
Ha.
It’s hilarious, really, that it took someone saying it outright for Yoshizawa to finally put two
and two together.
Akechi can’t stop as a short laugh bubbles past his lips, nor can he stop when several others
follow, until he’s doubled over, cackling, as Yoshizawa’s eyes widen in something that might
be fear.
Good.
He flips up his visor, still laughing, to flick away the tears that have formed in the corner of
his eyes.
“Would you look at that?” Akechi drawls, “You bet on a murderer. There’s an irony here,
somewhere, that you have the power of knowing what happens and still managed to fuck it
up.”
Yoshizawa opens her mouth, but Akechi cuts across her before she can talk.
“What was your game in confronting me here?” He snaps, “Appeal to my good will? Ask
politely that I stop? Kill me?” Yoshizawa looks horrified, and Akechi smirks, sharp as a
knife.
“No!” She exclaims, finally getting a word in, “I just want to hear your side to all of this. I
would never hurt you.” She insists, finding her spine.
Akechi covers his mouth as his shoulders start to shake again, “This is rich,” He spits through
wheezes, “Are you not even going to try and stop me? You remember how Okumura died last
time, right?” He sneers, “Unless the thieves are major fuckups, then that was all me.” His grin
turns sardonic, “So are you going to let me get away with it?”
Yoshizawa stares, shell-shocked, as Akechi draws his gun and points it between her eyes. She
stumbles back, eyes wide with alarm.

“Go on.” Akechi hisses, “Try and fight me. You can at least say you tried, when you lose.” A
lopsided grin pulls at his lips, “Unless, don’t tell me, are you really that loyal?” He barks
another laugh, “Do you really want to become an accessory to murder because of some deal?
Because of your misguided assumptions that we’re friends?”
Yoshizawa’s eyes flick towards the gun, then back to Akechi’s face, “We are friends,” she
says firmly, the waver in her voice betraying her lack of confidence.
“Sure.” Akechi says flatly, “And that will definitely stop me from pulling the trigger.”
Yoshizawa swallows, “Akechi, please, I just want you to tell me what’s happening.” She
shoots him a desperate look.
Akechi smiles, and lets Loki manifest, hovering behind him.
“What was your goal? Really?” Akechi snarls, “The thieves definitely figured me out last
time, they’d have to, if they took down Shido. So what stupid little part of your head looked
at how much they hated me and made you think that approaching me was your best choice?”
“They didn’t hate you!” Yoshizawa exclaims, “They didn’t hate you, so there’s no way
you’re all bad.” She takes a shaky breath, “You’re my friend- last time, and this time too.
So-”
Akechi tilts the gun and shoots at her feet, forcing her to jump back with a yelp, “Spare me.”
He growls, “I don’t give a shit. You won’t stop me, and you couldn’t if you tried.”
He sends Loki to crash his sword into the ground, causing Yoshizawa to jump even further
back.
She looks on the verge of tears, “Please, I-”
“Get the fuck out, and I might let you live,” Akechi hisses quietly.
Yoshizawa looks up, lips pressed together, and gives a shaky nod. She takes a few tentative
steps back, before dashing away, around a corner and out of sight.
Akechi clenches his jaw and bites his lip. He doesn’t move until he’s sure she’s gone.
Inexplicably, the Magician arcana reaches rank five.
As Akechi feels the bond grow stronger, he inhales sharply and throws his sword at the wall
of the tunnel with a shout.
Fuck, is that bond just going to sit there? A reminder of what he can never have?
Akechi looks inward, at the threads bundled like yarn, and muffles a scream as he nearly
breaks his fist on the tunnel wall.
Bonds would be his strength? What a fucking joke. What saccharine bullshit, preached by
those who have no idea what they’re talking about.

If his bonds don’t betray him, then he’ll betray them, because it’s the only thing he can do.
The only thing he’ll ever do, when presented with the choice.
It’s telling, Akechi scoffs to himself, that all of his bonds are either people who will no doubt
be collateral for his revenge, or the twisted scum who made his path necessary in the first
place.
The only exceptions are the things that aren’t human. And, well, even then.
The bundle of thread becomes taught wires yet again, and Akechi chokes,
Well, fine.
He’ll go back to how he’s always done it.
It doesn’t matter. He’s played the game perfectly before, and he can do it again.
This was a minor setback. That’s all.
***
Sumire reaches the top of Mementos, and collapses against the wall, sliding to the floor and
pulling her knees to her chest.
She should move. She needs to get out of Mementos before Akechi comes through here to
leave.
A sob wracks her chest, and she furiously wipes her eyes, trying to get it together.
“C’mon.” She whispers to herself, “C’mon Sumire, stop- crying.”
She sniffles some more, and tries not to think about how it’s all gone wrong.
She’s alone. Again. She’s accidentally chased Akechi away, because he wouldn’t even give
her a chance to try and explain herself.
He didn’t try to explain himself, either.
Sumire presses her hands together, frustrated. Is Akechi really so paranoid, that he would just
drop her the second that she tried to figure him out?
He even threatened to kill her, whichSumire, well, sheShe doesn’t buy it.
Maybe it’s wishful thinking. Maybe she’s being wilfully ignorant. But she doesn’t believe
that Akechi would have tried to kill her.

So, what? She thinks to herself. Does she just try to get through to Akechi again? Take a
gamble that she’s right? She… really can’t see that going well. Sumire doubts that he’ll kill
her, but he’s definitely not above beating her up.
She definitely can’t go to the thieves. They’ll think she’s the one killing people. She could
avoid that, maybe, by pointing the finger at Akechi, but Sumire’s trying to gain his trust, not
shatter it entirely.
She fells Ella buzz warmly, taking a stand.
Right. That’s right.
She doesn’t know if it’s the right thing to do, but she won’t give up on Akechi just yet. She
won’t throw him to the wolves just to make her life easier.
She can fix reality this way, or not at all.
Sumire thinks, and considers the time she has left.
January is definitely her cut off. She needs to have figured out what went wrong by then, and
either have already fixed it or know how to.
The thieves already have everything before January covered, she’s pretty sure. It was just
before Maruki’s calling card that Ren faltered.
But…
Even if the thieves have everything before January covered in theory, Sumire has definitely
altered events with Akechi. She doesn’t doubt that he’s important in the coming months, and
what if the thieves can’t handle that?
What if Akechi can’t handle that?
She needs to figure out a way to get through to him, quickly.
Sumire figures that her cut off for that is October, when Okumura dies. She doesn’t want
Haru to have to suffer that, and she thinks taking a body off the pile can only mean good
things for Akechi.
So, she has two deadlines. She can work with that.
She can’t make any progress on the October one just yet, but…
Sumire thinks again about what happened in early February, last time.
Why did Ren take the deal? He was so confident before. He promised Sumire, he promised
everyone that they’d all work together, that they wouldn’t falter in destroying the perfect lives
Maruki was offering them.
Through her spite and anger, Sumire can acknowledge that something doesn’t quite click.

Did Maruki offer him something? Manipulate him? Did he really falter at the last second for
no reason? Did he suddenly believe that everyone really would be better off in Maruki’s
reality? Ren didn’t even get a wish, soSumire stops.
Is that really true?
She, and everyone else, had assumed that because Ren was never taken under Maruki’s
delusions, he never had a wish. Sumire, while she still desperately clung to her life as
Kasumi, had been furious that Ren would try and drag her back to reality when he couldn’t
possibly understand what she was going through. She had snapped out of that, of course, but
what ifWhat if he didn’t understand, until Maruki told him exactly what he would be giving up?
That’s… a possibility.
But what would Ren wish for? What would he want so desperately that he would succumb to
the false reality?
We may have to spend some time with him. Ella points out.
Damnit.
Sumire huffs. If she has a goal, she can do it.
Easy. This will be easy. She just has to get Akechi to listen to her, and then figure out Ren’s
deepest and most secret desires.
Okay.
She just has to talk with them.

Chapter End Notes

Akechi's an emotionally repressed idiot, what else is new?
In other news, it was /very/ interesting to see people's ideas about what the Tower arcana
means...
I forgot to meniton this last time, but I always associate Cognitive Akechi with
'impromptu for the next prime minister'. idk, just kinda fits the vibe. Just assume that
there's some guy with a piano nearby whenever Cognitive Akechi has any dialogue lol
Also, I've posted over 100k words of this fic! like, two chapters ago. It seems me
forgetting to say things is a pattern whoops.

Anyway, Confidants! Only one rank up this time...
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 4
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 3
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 2
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 2
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 3
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 3

Chapter 20
Chapter Summary

Ren tries to get answers in several states of consciousness, and Akechi tries his best to
avoid people

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“That was excellent…” Yusuke says, still mesmerised by the sushi, even half an hour after
they’ve left the restaurant.
“Dude.” Ryuji shoots him a flat look.
Makoto hums, “He’s not wrong though, that was delicious.”
“We should do that kind of stuff more often!” Ann cheers, and Ren flinches, thinking about
his wallet.
“Maybe after the next heist…” Ren says with a lowered voice, considering they’re still in
public.
He has to say though, of all their post-heist celebrations, this one takes the cake. The buffet
and hot pot were both pretty good, but quality sushi is pretty hard to beat.
Ren just wishes they didn’t have Alibaba, Medjed, and Futaba hanging over their heads. Ren
doubts that Futaba is being abused by Sojiro, but that still begs the question as to why that
prosecutor was there making threats, and why Alibaba wants them to change the girl’s heart.
Ren would also love it if they had an easy solution to the Medjed situation, but alas.
“Hm? Amamiya?” A voice says, and Ren looks up.
“Akechi-kun,” Makoto says, eyes widening, “What are you doing here?”
Akechi pastes on a TV smile, “Well, this is a train station, Niijima-san. I happen to be making
use of it.”
“Right,” Makoto winces, “That, sorry.”
“Sure you aren’t smuggling anything?” Ren says with a small grin.
Ren frowns when Akechi’s expression doesn’t change, “I assure you I’m capable of nothing
of the sort.” He says, chuckling lightly.

Before Ren can open his mouth to retort, Akechi continues, “But to answer your question
properly, Niijima-san, I’ve had to stay back at work late because of the updates in the Medjed
situation.”
Ryuji grimaces, and quickly whips out his phone, while Ann hums, a small frown on her face,
“They make a high-schooler work overtime?” She says, concern lacing her voice.
“Everyone has to do their part.” Akechi says evasively, smile unabating.
“Shit, it’s in English.” Ryuji cuts in suddenly, scowling down at his phone.
“Oh, let me read it,” Ann looks over his shoulder, eyes darting back and forth. She gapes in
shock, “What?!”
“What is it?” Yusuke says, eyes narrowing.
“Uh, there’s a whole lot, one sec,” Ann bites her lip, “Medjed’s basically declaring war on the
Phantom Thieves, and they say that if the thieves don’t turn themselves in by the twentysecond of August, then they’re gonna ‘cleanse Japan’ or something.”
“For real?!” Ryuji yelps.
“You seem rather agitated over this,” Akechi hums, tilting his head innocently.
“Uh,” Ann stutters.
“They’re mostly concerned about the last part,” Ren cuts in, “What do they mean by
‘cleanse’?”
“From what we can tell, they’re implying that they’ll hack bank accounts, government
servers, and bank servers.” Akechi says gravely, “Basically, they’re threatening Japan’s
economy.”
“That sounds troubling.” Yusuke murmurs.
“How likely are Medjed to actually act on these threats?” Makoto cuts in sharply.
“As of right now, it’s hard to say,” Akechi says smoothly, “Medjed is a large, anonymous
group. We’ve yet to identify if these threats belong to any particular known faction. Until we
can figure that out, though, we’re considering this as a real threat.”
“So basically,” Ann says, worrying her lips together, “If the Phantom Thieves don’t turn
themselves in, then Medjed will tank the economy.”
“That’s the gist, yes.” Akechi nods.
“Do you think the thieves should turn themselves in?” Ren asks him, and Akechi turns to him
with some light surprise on his face.

The rest of the thieves whip around to look at Ren with no small amount of alarm, while
Akechi chuckles lightly, pretending not to notice. “I believe that would be the best option.”
Akechi says, smile turning sharper, “If they don’t, then they’re taking a gamble in assuming
Medjed won’t follow through on these threats, which could have devastating consequences.”
Ren hums, careful not to show any particular emotion on his face. Akechi narrows his eyes
slightly, before readjusting his face again.
“Well, I think I should get going,” Akechi says lightly, throwing up a wave, “Goodbye.”
“See you,” Makoto says, strained, as Akechi turns and leaves.
As soon as he’s out of earshot, Ann speaks up, “What the hell are we gonna do?” She whines.
“Seriously…” Ryuji commiserates.
Ren frowns. He’s worried about Medjed, sure, but…
“He was a bit off.” Ren says quietly.
“Hm?” Yusuke gives him a puzzled look.
“Akechi,” Ren clarifies, “It’s probably nothing, but he usually plays along with my jokes. He
just brushed it off this time.”
Makoto gives him a look, and raises an eyebrow, “Are you sure he wasn’t just tired? He did
say he was working overtime.” She points out.
Ren’s frown deepens. He really should leave it alone.
…
Yeah. Who the hell is he kidding?
“Hold this.” Ren shoves the extra sushi in Ryuji’s arms, and rushes after Akechi, ignoring the
blonde’s protests.
Ren jogs in the direction that Akechi left in, catching up to him and clapping a hand on his
shoulder to grab his attention. Akechi flinches violently in response, and scrunches his face
as he turns to see Ren, doubled over and out of breath.
“Sorry,” Ren huffs, “Wanted to talk to you.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “You have my number.”
“Yeah, but,” Ren shrugs, “We usually banter a bit more when we see each other. You kind of
just ignored it this time.”
Akechi’s other eyebrow raises to join the first, “So I didn’t say something witty in response to
your bit, and you assumed that I’m,” he frowns, “What, ill?”

“Uh,” Ren says eloquently, “Well, if you put it that way…”
The corner of Akechi’s mouth twitches upwards, and Ren takes it as a win.
“You’re deflecting, too.” Ren says, reaching up to mess with his fringe, “So I’d say that
something is wrong, then.”
Akechi tilts his head, “I’m just a little tired, is all. I did work overtime today.”
Ren gives him a disbelieving look, “Makoto suggested the same thing, so it probably isn’t
true.”
That gets a chuckle out of Akechi. “You place so little faith in your friends.”
“Nah,” Ren grins, “I just reckon I’m better at reading people.”
Akechi’s smile turns into a smirk, “Well, if you’re so confident, why don’t you deduce what’s
wrong?”
Ren cocks his head, and narrows his eyes. Akechi really could just be stressed about work.
Medjed’s threat sounds pretty serious. But, Ren gets the feeling that Akechi brought attention
to that for a reason.
Ren does agree with Morgana that Akechi’s onto them- he just finds himself struggling to
care.
What is a Phantom Thief without a rival, after all? Arsène chuckles in his mind, and Ren’s
pretty sure that phrase is bullshit, but he’s not going to complain.
The odds of Akechi knowing who the Phantom Thieves are, and specifically telling them
about Medjed because of that, are unfortunately quite high.
But, Ren can’t say that that’s what’s stressing Akechi out. That would just be a confession.
He can probably skirt around the truth, though.
“Are you worried that the Phantom Thieves won’t turn themselves in?” He eventually says.
Akechi hums, “I suppose I am. It would be rather cowardly of them, I think, to run from this
considering it’s partially their fault to begin with.”
Ren frowns, “How so?”
“The Phantom Thieves' bold declarations are particularly provocative to groups with adjacent
goals.” Akechi states, “Should they continue to exist beyond the Medjed threat, I wouldn’t be
surprised if they attract trouble from even more nefarious sources.”
Ren narrows his eyes at the wording, “You think the thieves will win against Medjed?” He
lets a grin split his face, “You rooting for the thieves?”

Akechi pauses, before giving a matching grin, “Not at all, Amamiya. Perhaps I would just
find it disappointing to see them crushed so easily.”
Ren’s eyes widen, but before he can respond, the smile slips from Akechi’s face as he
remembers himself, “Of course, it would only be beneficial to society if the thieves were to
end here.” He says, tone back to careful neutrality.
Ren looks down, readjusting his glasses, “Right.”
Perhaps Akechi is threatening them. Or maybe it’s a warning, born from concern.
Ren thinks about Futaba, and the secrets that Sojiro is holding close to his chest.
Yeah. Not yet. They can’t stop here. Not while people still need them.
They’ve barely stepped onto the stage. What good would it do to have the curtain call so
soon?
***
When Ren falls asleep later that night, he feels a tug, then a pull, and then, he falls.
He dreams, again, in something that’s becoming a bit of a pattern. He almost realises it’s
happening as it starts, this time, the pull of the mystery arcana threading around his heart as
he drifts off.
Ren’s about to collapse on his bed when his phone buzzes. He smiles at the caller ID, and
picks up the call.
“Hey,” he says.
“Hello,” the boy on the other end returns.
“Miss me already?” Ren says with a grin, though the other can’t see it.
A chuckles wafts from his phone’s speaker, “Do you want me to say yes?”
Ren opens and closes his mouth. Damn. He has to concede to that one.
“Uh,” Ren responds. He tries and fails to think of something witty.
The boy chuckles even more, “You’re rather easily flustered.”
“You can’t say that for sure.” Ren protests, “You can’t see my face.”
The other hums, considering, “I suppose that’s true. Anyway,” There’s the sound of a door
opening on the other end, “I enjoyed our time together today. It turned out to be a stroke of
good luck that I got those tickets.”
Ren smiles to himself, “Yeah. I’ve never been to Shinagawa before. Or an aquarium,
actually.”

There’s a huff of surprise, “Really? Never?”
“Yup,” Ren says, popping the ‘p’, “Country boy, remember?”
There’s a melodic laugh, and Ren flops back on his bed, grinning.
“You had a lot of fish facts prepared,” Ren points out, “I think I have enough trivia to win me
something at a game night.”
“I didn’t ‘prepare’ them,” the boy protests, far too defensive for someone who doesn’t
prepare fish facts in advance, “They’re just things I’ve picked up here and there.”
“So you’re just a fish nerd, then?” Ren says, and smirks at the huff on the other end of the
line, “I can’t think of any other reason you’d know so much without a Wikipedia deep dive the
night before.”
“What do you want me to say?” The other says, distinctly unimpressed.
“Nothing, just trying to get you to admit you’re a nerd.” Ren shoots back.
Ren gets the impression that the other is frowning at him from the silence, and he chuckles,
earning him an exasperated sigh.
“Alright, I’ll stop now,” Ren says, laughter still in his voice. He presses his lips together,
“But yeah, I had fun today, too. Even if we kind of got interrupted.”
“I didn’t mind,” the other says, and Ren’s pretty sure he’s lying, “I’m glad you share the
sentiment, though.”
Ren hums, and smiles to himself again. “I should probably get going.” He says, “I was about
to crash before you called.”
“Were you?” The other says, “My apologies for interrupting you.”
“No problem,” Ren yawns, “See you.”
“See you.” The boy returns, “Oh, and, Amamiya?”
“Hm?”
“I had never been to an aquarium before today, either.”
Ren goes to reply, but,
He’s hit with a wave, and the words die on his tongue as he snaps back to semiconsciousness.
Ren sits up, and sees Crow leaning against the banister of the attic.
“Well?” Crow says.

“I don’t know.” Ren replies, standing up from the bed.
“Nothing at all?” Crow sneers, “I suppose this one wasn’t particularly eventful.”
Ren huffs a laugh. Yeah, this memory was definitely a step to the left in tone from the last one.
“You invited me to an aquarium? Ren settles on.
Crow scowls, “I was bored. And I needed to use those tickets somewhere.”
Ren laughs, and then frowns.
“Is that really true, or is that just what my subconscious thinks the reason you invited me
is?” He says, scuffing his feet against the attic floor.
Crow shrugs, “Maybe I told you after the fact.”
“You don’t know?”
“I do.” Crow smirks, “It’s just up to you to figure out. For example Joker, there’s nothing
about this memory that sets off alarm bells?”
Ren frowns, “No?”
Crow sighs, and crosses his arms.
“Sorry,” Ren says sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck, “But, um, what were you going to
say, before I woke up, last time?”
Crow peers at him for a beat, Ren unable to properly see his expression through the mask,
before he hums, “Ah, right. I was going to tell you to get over your sentimentality. That’s all.”
Ren bites his lip and clenches his fists, “That’s it? I have to remember everything about you,
even when you’re dead, and all you have to say is ‘get over it’?”
“Are you the type to run from the truth?” Crow shoots back, “Will you really live in
ignorance, just because reality hurts?” He scoffs, and looks away.
Ren pauses, clenching his fists harder, “…It’s just a bit of a dick move to make me remember
what I’ve lost, s’all.”
Crow looks at him again, tilting his head, “Do you want to forget?”
“No.” Ren says forcefully, surprising himself, “I don’t. It’s just,” Ren huffs, and shrugs, “It
sucks. And I hate that you don’t care.”
Crow hums softly, “I suppose I often forget that you do care. And it pisses me off.”
Ren barks a laugh, “What a pair, huh?”
“No shit.” Crow snorts.

Ren sits back down on the bed with a flop, and looks around the attic, taking in the familiar
room.
Wait.
The attic?
But, if this is supposed to be in the pastBefore he can finish his though, Ren wakes up, losing the revelation and the memory with it.
He can feel that something’s off, though. The mystery arcana thrums, and reaches rank four.
Ren sighs, slapping a hand over his face. What kind of bond can he even be ranking up in his
dreams? His first instinct is that it might have something to do with the Velvet Room, but he
remembers those.
He tugs at the bond, andOh.
The Aeon, something whispers.
He has a name.
For the arcana, at least. Still nothing on who it belongs to. Well, it’s progress either way.
Ren sits up, and laments the lack of anything to add to his list of stray thoughts he’s compiled
in his journal. Maybe next time, then.
For now, he has bigger things to think about.
***
Akechi has tried his absolute best. He’s put all his effort into this, and yet.
The universe refuses to let him avoid his confidants.
He really wants to brush all of them off. He was this close to just telling Amamiya to fuck
off, a few days ago, and yet he didn’t- because apparently, he’s a coward.
And he remains as such, when faced with the full force of Haru Okumura’s bright smile.
“It’s such a coincidence that we’d run into each other here,” Haru beams, while Akechi leans
against his favourite loitering spot next to Penguin Sniper.
“It really is,” Akechi says, smile strained, “I don’t believe I’ve ever seen you around here
before, Haru-san.”
Haru giggles, “That’s because I never really am. I just heard about a new gardening shop that
opened up and wanted to see what they have in stock.”

“Right,” Akechi nods, “I hope you have fun, then.”
“Oh,” Haru’s eyes widen, “Since we’ve run into each other, I was actually wondering if you
wanted to join me? We haven’t seen each other since the fireworks festival.”
Akechi keeps his face very still, “Are you sure?” He asks sweetly, “I don’t know if I’d be
good company.”
“Not at all, Akechi-kun,” Haru smiles, “I’d love to speak with you again.”
Fuck.
“Well, if you insist,” Akechi doesn’t sigh, because that would break the illusion that he wants
to do this.
“Wonderful!” Haru laughs softly, “Follow me, then.”
Akechi obliges, for a reason he can’t quite pinpoint. He steadily ignores the hum of the
Strength. He won’t let some metaphysical idea determine his actions; he’s doing this
becauseHm. Well, he still can’t think of a reason, but he will soon. Preferably before he has to sustain
a conversation.
No such luck, as they arrive at their destination. A quaint little gardening store, with a variety
of supplies that Akechi couldn’t begin to differentiate lining the walls.
“I’ve started a garden on my balcony,” Haru starts, “Since they’re going to downsize the one
at school, I’m going to give myself something else to occupy my newfound free time.” She
laughs, “I should probably be devoting it to studying, but instead I’m just doing more of the
same.”
“Well, if it’s something you enjoy, then you should be able to do as you please.” Akechi says
amicably.
Haru's smile turns wistful, “If only that were the case,” she sighs, glancing up and down at
the shelves, “My father wasn’t particularly happy to hear I brushed my fiancé off for the
festival, and now that I’m starting more hobbies, well…” she threads her fingers together,
looking at the floor.
Akechi hums. “He isn’t causing you too much trouble, is he?”
He isn’t sure if he cares. He asks anyway. Because, wellHm.
(A small part of him whispers that if Haru gets hurt, it would be his fault. He’s the one that
encouraged her, he should-)

Haru starts, “No, no, not at all!” She reassures, “My father is a little… controlling at times,
and I miss how he used to be, sometimes. But, he’s my father, and I love him.” She declares
with such certainty, that Akechi can only stare at her for a beat.
He tilts his head, “Haru-san, may I ask a question?”
She looks puzzled, “Of course, what is it?”
“Why?”
She blinks, “Huh?”
“Why do you love your father,” Akechi clarifies, “When all he’s done is force you into things
you don’t wish to be a part of?”
Haru gapes at him. She blinks a few times, before regaining her composure, “I’m not sure
what you want me to say,” she says, an edge lying somewhere beneath her tone, “He’s my
father.”
Like that means anything. “He’s your father, yes. And he’s forcing you into an arranged
marriage with a man who, frankly, sounds disgusting.” Akechi pushes.
Haru’s eyes flick downwards. “He wasn’t always like this,” she murmurs, not arguing
Akechi’s point, “I’ll always remember how he used to be. That’s why I still love him.”
How sweet. Akechi wonders what she’d think of her dear father if she knew the sheer number
of assassinations he’s ordered in the past.
(He wonders what she’d think of Akechi, if she knew he was the one carrying out the hits.)
“Would you forgive anything?” Akechi asks, voice flat, “You love him to the ends of the
earth, clearly, but does he love you?”
Haru worries her lips together, before she looks up, some steel flashing in her eyes, “I think
that’s enough, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi remembers himself, “Of course, my apologies,” he says with a sweet smile.
Akechi doesn’t think he’ll ever understand people like Haru. He feels no obligation to his
own father, and he never will.
(The Devil arcana scrapes at his insides.
Meanwhile, the Strength arcana reaches rank three.)
He thinks it’s absurd, to forgive purely because someone used to be better. Will Yoshizawa
try and forgive him, simply because she has a delusion of Akechi as someone who wasn’t
always a murderer? Will some misguided sense of loyalty force her to try and reach out
again? Does the Magician arcana puppet her thoughts and feelings just as much as it does
his?

He isn’t a puppet; he insists to himself. He’s in control here.
He’s not like Haru, and he’s not like Sumire.
Are you? Robin whispers, and Akechi ignores him.
***
As much as he’s desperate to avoid the threads of fate that have latched onto him, Akechi can
stomach talking to Sae. He’d known her for nearly a year before the Moon arcana formed,
anyway, so he can just go back to that.
Akechi leans over the billiards table, and takes his shot.
It’s a good hit. Even with his self-imposed handicap, he can still win this fairly easily.
Sae scowls at him. He smiles back innocently.
Sae grumbles something under her breath, and she goes to take her own shot. As she leans
over, she pauses, piercing Akechi with a look.
“What is it, Sae-san?” Akechi asks.
“You’re…” she stares at him, before she lets out a frustrated growl, “You’re left-handed.
You’re playing with your right.”
TOOK HER LONG ENOUGH.
Akechi doubles down on his innocent expression, before cracking a ghost of a smirk. “Ah,
I’ve been caught, it seems.”
Sae rolls her eyes, before freezing again, “Wait, have you been doing that every time?” She
glares, affronted.
Akechi holds up his hands placatingly, “I only wished to even the playing field.” He smiles,
“And no, not every time. I use my left when we’re betting on the game.”
Sae scowls even harder, absent mindedly patting the pocket where her wallet sits, as though
Akechi is going to rob her blind.
Akechi chuckles performatively. “You needn’t seem so offended.”
“You haven’t even been trying…” Sae grumbles, moving again to take her shot.
“That’s not entirely true,” Akechi says, “You do put up quite a fight.”
Sae ignores him, hitting the ball with a crack, and surveying her progress.
“We haven’t done this in a while,” Sae says, changing the subject, “We’ve been so busy
lately.”

“True,” Akechi hums, “The Phantom Thieves case has been taking a lot of our time.”
Sae scoffs, “Don’t talk to me about that right now. I swear, the director expects me to work a
miracle. We can’t pin any suspects when there’s next to no evidence.”
Akechi doesn’t say how tragically easy it was for him to identify the Phantom Thieves. Even
without the Metaverse, or Yoshizawa’s knowledge of the future, he thinks he would still
know who they are. It’s a wonder that Sae doesn’t know, when her own sister is one of them,
and all the thieves are tragically bad actors.
“How’s Makoto-san been, lately?” Akechi asks surreptitiously.
Sae looks at him bemusedly, “Why do you ask?”
Akechi shrugs nonchalantly, “Just curious, I suppose. We go to the same cram school, but we
don’t actually see each other very often.”
Sae opens her mouth to answer, before snapping her jaw together with a click. She sighs, “I
wish I could say, but Makoto and I haven’t been speaking lately.”
Oh? “What’s been the matter?” Akechi asks, leaning over the billiards table to take his turn.
Sae presses her lips together. She huffs, “I’ve been… stressed lately.” She says, voice
strained, “And I took it out on Makoto once. She hasn’t been very happy with me since.”
Akechi hums. Before the Moon, it didn’t matter to him whether Sae and Makoto were thick
as thieves or at each other’s throats. And, so, it doesn’t matter to him now, either.
…
He smothers the Moon arcana in his chest before it can protest.
“That’s unfortunate.” Akechi says with faux sympathy.
Sae lets out a slow breath. “I just don’t know what she wants from me.” She clenches her
hands around the cue stick a little tighter, “I do everything I can to support us, and it’s like
she expects more.”
“Does she?” Akechi challenges, against his better judgement.
Sae scoffs, “She has these ideas in her head, about dad’s justice. Like that got him anywhere.
Like that will get us anywhere.”
“What is it that you think she expects from you?” Akechi asks.
From what he’s seen, Makoto Niijima could not care less how successful her sister is. Sae has
already accomplished everything she needs, Makoto will look up to her no matter what, will
never reevaluate whether her admiration is deserved.

The only thing Makoto wants from her sister is approval, and Akechi can tell she’s jealous,
desperate, and frustrated at her inability to get it.
(At least, until she finally grew a backbone and awakened a persona. Akechi hasn’t interacted
with her much since, but if that didn’t give her an epiphany, then nothing will.)
Sae seems to be interpreting her sister’s actions in another way, though.
“I think she wishes dad was still here.” Sae sneers, “Like I’m not good enough.”
Akechi hums.
He doesn’t care.
He“Do you believe that she expects you to be a replacement for your father?” Akechi
contemplates, once again, against his better judgement.
Sae presses her lips together. “I don’t know.” She admits, “But whatever she wants, I can’t
give it to her. She’s too immature to accept that.”
“I see.” Akechi murmurs.
Crack, another shot.
‘You shouldn’t mourn that whore. You’re better off, really-’
‘You should be grateful for everything we’ve done for you; don’t you know-’
‘Do you know how much we work to give you a place here? Ungrateful brat-’
Akechi stops his train of thought.
“I’m not sure if Makoto-san is expecting anything material.” Akechi says diplomatically,
ignoring how his hands tighten around his cue stick, “She may miss the days you were just
her sister.”
Sae frowns, her posture deflating. “I can’t give that to her, either. Not if we want a place in
society.”
The Moon arcana reaches rank five, and Akechi supresses an eye roll.
He’s supposed to be avoiding this. He doesn’t want this shit.
Sae folds her arms, “Maybe we should call the night here.” She tucks some hair behind her
ear, “I’m getting tired, and I have a long day tomorrow.”
Akechi nods, face impassive. “Of course, Sae-san.”

Sae turns to leave, but she stops herself suddenly. “Akechi-kun, before I forget.” She takes
something out of her pocket, “I got these two tickets to the aquarium, but I don’t have the
time to use them.” She holds them out, “Do you want them?”
He should say no. Or, rather, he should say yes, then dispose of them as quickly and quietly
as possible.
“Of course, thank you.” Akechi says with a smile, taking the tickets.
Later that night, long after Akechi should have reasonably trashed them, he finds himself
inviting Amamiya to the aquarium.
Damn it.
***
When Ren gets a text from Akechi late at night, at first he’s confused, then lightly annoyed,
and then ecstatic at the invitation.
Why would he say no? Morgana certainly voices some reasons, but Ren distracts him with
food.
The detective had been particularly aloof at their last interaction, so Ren’s quite pleased at the
confirmation that he hasn’t chased the other off.
This could be Akechi looking for information, A perhaps more reasonable part of Ren
suggests.
Two can play at that game, Another, equally reasonable, part of him counters.
An aquarium, huh? He’s never actually been to an aquarium before. He wonders ifAn aquarium?
Where-?
Hm.
Ren loses the thought.
The next day, he meets Akechi in Shinagawa.
“Thank you for agreeing to meet me here, especially on such late notice.” Akechi says, all
smiles.
He’s still doing that, then.
“It’s not a problem,” Ren responds, trying not to frown.
“Thank you, either way.” Akechi says, turning to walk inside, “I hope I didn’t interfere with
any other plans you might have had today.”

“It’s summer break, so not really.” Ren murmurs, moving into step with Akechi.
“Not one for plans in advance?” Akechi tilts his head.
Well, Ren has been a bit distracted by Futaba’s palace. Not that he can say that.
Ren shrugs instead, “Not really.”
Akechi hums.
Ren shifts uncomfortably as the conversation dies out. “So, uh,” he reaches up to fiddle with
his fringe, “What do you want to see, exactly? In the aquarium, I mean.”
Akechi shoots him an amused look, before schooling his face back to neutrality, “I’m not
sure. I assumed we would take a scenic route.”
“That works.” Ren smiles. He looks around, eyes catching on one wing of the building,
“How about we look at this first?”
Akechi looks to where he’s pointing, “Ah, the jellyfish? I’ve heard some of the exhibits are
quite spectacular.”
“Jellyfish it is, then.” Ren says, walking towards the entrance.
Ren agrees with Akechi’s prediction. The initial walkway of jellyfish is beautiful, in an alien
way. There’s a smattering of bioluminescent species drifting in different tanks, casting the
darkened hallways in blue and purple lights.
Ren stares, and tries not to feel too awkward at the current silence.
“Did you know,” Akechi starts, conversationally, “That there is a certain species of jellyfish
that is biologically immortal?”
Ren turns to face him, and raises his eyebrows, “Oh?”
“Yes,” Akechi hums, clearly pleased that Ren has shown interest, “It can essentially revert
itself back to an earlier stage in its life cycle given the right circumstances. There’s been no
observed limit on it, either.”
“Huh.” Ren tilts his head, “How does that work for the jellyfish? Like…” he gestures
vaguely, trying to get his point across.
Akechi seems to get it, “Well, I presume that the creature certainly benefits from not having a
brain. Or a traditional nervous system, for that matter.” He raises a hand to his chin, “Such a
method of extending its own life likely would not work otherwise, if it had to account for
memories and neural patterns to work around.”
Ren smirks, “I wonder how that kind of thing would work on humans? If I could just revert
my body to how it was a year earlier, or something.”

“To do it the way that jellyfish do it, you’d probably have to revert your brain, as well. It’s
not really an ‘earlier stage in the life cycle’ if there’s still evidence of the older organism.”
Akechi speculates.
“So, what? I would lose my memories of the last year, or something?” Ren says, folding his
arms in thought.
Akechi shrugs, a small smirk playing on his lips, “Something like that. In our hypothetical
scenario, at least.”
Ren hums, “Would that even count as immortality, then? You’d live forever, sure, but is there
a point if you can’t remember what you’ve overwritten?”
“I suppose not for the individual, no.” Akechi muses, “Though, to an outside observer, it
could be perceived as such.”
“I guess.” Ren concedes. “I still don’t think it’d be worth it.”
“No, it wouldn’t be.” Akechi agrees, “You’d only be allowing yourself to live forever for the
sake of those around you. That’s not really living.” His voice lowers to a murmur.
Ren nods slowly, turning to look back at the jellyfish.
They really are beautiful to see.
The two spend some hours walking around the other exhibits, Akechi filling the silence
between with random bits of trivia. Ren smiles at the sheer amount of information that
Akechi manages to cram into each stop in front of any particular species.
He probably prepared for this. Ren kind of wishes that he himself did, too, just so he could
try and one-up the detective.
Ha.
Maybe Ren should text him with a barrage of facts later.
Akechi flashes a pleasant smile at him when they leave the aquarium.
“I have to thank you again.” He says, “For accompanying me, I mean.”
“I already said it wasn’t a problem.” Ren shrugs, his lips curling upwards, “I had fun, too.”
“Regardless,” Akechi starts. It looks like he’s about to say more, before his eyes catch on
something behind Ren, and an unreadable expression passes across his face.
Ren frowns, “What’s…?” He goes to turn and find what Akechi saw, before the detective’s
face shifts suddenly into another TV smile.
“My apologies, Amamiya, but I’m afraid I must be going,” Akechi says smoothly, already
turning to leave.

Ren blinks, “I- alright, bye-?”
“See you,” Akechi waves, leaving with as much dignity as anyone rapidly speedwalking
away can.
Ren stares for a beat, before a huff breaks his stupor.
“Damnit…” A girl’s voice laments.
Ren turns, and sees Yoshizawa standing, out of breath from having run over.
“Uh.” Ren starts, “Sorry, Akechi just left. If you were looking for him.”
Yoshizawa’s head snaps up like she forgot Ren was there, “Oh! Right, yes. I can see that.”
“Right.” Ren says.
He shifts uncomfortably. Yoshizawa doesn’t seem to be faring any better.
“How have you been?” Ren tries, “I haven’t seen you since the fireworks festival, I think.”
Yoshizawa makes tentative eye contact, “I’ve been… alright.” She gives a small shrug,
readjusting her glasses, “A bit busy.”
“Same.” Ren commiserates.
She smiles a little, and laughs lightly.
Ren gives a smile of his own. He shifts, “Um,” Ren starts, “What was that about?” He nods
in direction that Akechi left towards.
“Uh,” Yoshizawa blinks, “Nothing!” She says too quickly, “I’ve just been trying to get a hold
of Akechi lately, and, well, he’s very busy, is all.”
Ren narrows his eyes, “Really? It seemed like he saw you and ran away.”
Yoshizawa swallows, looking uncomfortable, “It’s really nothing.”
Some wheels turn in Ren’s head.
“Are you two…” he starts, opening and closing his mouth a few times, “Like, exes? Or
something?”
Yoshizawa doesn’t seem to process that for a second. Then, she looks bewildered, “What?”
What? Arsène chimes in.
“I mean,” Ren tries to save face, “Sorry.”
“I, no,” Yoshizawa still looks utterly perplexed, “It’s fine, just- no. We aren’t… that.” She
blinks, “What?”

Ren admits he may have missed the mark on that one.
“Sorry,” he says again, “It’s just, the way you were both acting, it kind of made me think…”
Ren gestures in a way he hopes makes sense.
“Right,” Yoshizawa suddenly looks alarmed, “I- do you think everyone thinks that, or-?”
“I’m sure it’s fine.” Ren reassures. He can’t really tell who’s the idiot in this situation, so he
settles on telling the comforting lie on the off chance that it’s true.
“Nothing’s wrong, though,” Yoshizawa insists. Ren doesn’t believe her.
“Sure,” he says anyway.
They stand in silence for a beat.
“So what have you been up to?” Yoshizawa says suddenly, the abrupt change in demeanour
nearly giving Ren whiplash.
“Uh,” Ren blinks, “Stuff, I guess?” He winces at how vague that sounds.
Yoshizawa rolls her lips together, “Okay…” She says slowly, “Anything… specific?”
“Not really,” Ren shrugs, saving the alarm bells in his head for later.
“Oh, okay.” Yoshizawa deflates. She wrings her hands together, “Well, um, I should probably
get going, Amamiya-senpai.”
Ren nods, “See you later, then.”
She nods stiltedly, and quickly walks away.
Ren’s starting to get a feel for why Yoshizawa might not like him, and he’s definitely not a
fan of the implications.
She was fishing for information, without a doubt. And there seems to be a rift between her
and Akechi at present.
Ren couldn’t begin to guess why that might be, but…
Could Yoshizawa know that he’s part of the Phantom Thieves?
But she’s been stand-offish from day one, Ren reminds himself. Yoshizawa has been awkward
around him since before the Phantom Thieves even properly formed.
But, a memory hisses, Ren entered the Metaverse on his first day of school. There was never
a time where he wasn’t involved in all this.
But for that to be a valid reason, Yoshizawa would have to be aware of the Metaverse.
…

Ren pulls on the Aeon arcana.
What if she is?
One of the few things he remembers from the Aeon is...
Black, and red.
It’s a stretch, but, well, Yoshizawa’s hair is red. Distinctly so.
Could… she be the black mask?
Ren shakes his head. He can’t just mash colours together and call it evidence. And,
Yoshizawa is only wary of him specifically, she seems fine around all the other thieves. That
wouldn’t add up in his theory.
Unless she knows you’re the leader, A thought passes, and Ren bites his lip. If she knows
that, then she’d definitely have to had seen them in the Metaverse.
Shit.
It’s probably not true, he assures himself. She has no motive, that he knows of. He can’t
accuse someone just because they’re slightly suspicious.
It’s an absurd theory.
The suspicion doesn’t go away.

Chapter End Notes

Congratulations on reaching the only chapter where I've had to research something that
wasn't the P5 timeline. Please enjoy my very condensed facts on the immortal jellyfish.
Me, staring at wikipedia: But how can I turn this into a thinly vieled discussion about
time travel and Maruki's reality
But, well, i didn't research for nothing! The immortal jellyfish, in its most mature state
and under unique circumstances, (i.e. rapid change in environmental conditions) can
revert into its polup (? my knowledge is slightly faded its been like a month and a half
since I wrote this) state. This is referred to as 'biological immortality', because it's
essentially cloning itself over and over- it's not /technically/ the same creature, and
would probably spawn a whole lot of existentialist questions if jellyfish had brains.
Uhh Confidants! I keep track of these every chapter more for my sake to be honest
because otherwise the timeline of this fic would be soup in my head:
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5

Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 5
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 3
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 2
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 3
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 4
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 3
___
Akechi: I hate my bonds. Fuck those guys. I never want to see any of them ever again.
Akechi:
Akechi: Anyway, do you think Ren will like me more if I show up with a bunch of fish
facts?

Chapter 21
Chapter Summary

The thieves make progress in Futaba's palace, Sumire makes some discoveries, Akechi
digs his grave a little deeper, and Ren has some revelations.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren steps carefully around yet another spike trap, gesturing for the rest of his team to follow
him. They all nod, and delicately replicate his path across the floor. There are huffs of relief
as they all make it across, and Ren nods to continue.
Futaba’s palace is different from the others. It’s just as desperate to keep them out, but from
the way every brick is placed, every trap hidden, it’s clear that the intent is different.
The myriad spikes and crossbow bolts are more for show than anything else. A warning,
rather than a genuine attempt to kill them.
Or perhaps a promise from Futaba’s unconscious mind, that trying to save her will only damn
them.
Well, Ren thinks, he’s always been bad at listening.
He uncovers another mirror, and lets the stream of light flow further into the pyramid. He
turns, and sees it hit a flat panel of sandstone, uncovering the second mural of the palace.
Ren rearranges it, and everyone sucks in a breath at the image depicted. A woman with black
hair, throwing herself in front of a car, while Futaba in her pharaoh’s garb sits with her head
in her hands to the side.
“Futaba-” the disembodied voice of a woman screeches, “You… are-”
“The hell…” Ryuji hisses.
Ann looks at the floor and says nothing, while everyone else struggles to mask their
discomfort.
Makoto is the first to speak up, “I take this is a depiction of her mother’s suicide, right?”
“For Futaba to witness it in person is…” Yusuke trails off, expression solemn.
Ren frowns. A thought crosses his mind.

“Do you think it was really suicide?” Ren murmurs quietly. His voice travels, though, and
everyone’s heads snap to look at him.
“Well,” Ren starts under the sudden attention, “Her death was really sudden, right? And she
studied cognitive psience, so, I was thinking…”
Morgana’s eyes widen, “Do you think she had a mental shutdown?”
“Maybe,” Ren shrugs, rubbing the back of his neck.
“But then,” Ann gasps, “Wouldn’t that mean she was, like, assassinated or something?”
“What, by the black mask?” Ryuji says, looking nervous.
Yusuke hums, “That would be the implication, yes.” He says darkly.
“Not necessarily,” Morgana counters, “If Isshiki was a researcher, then maybe something
went wrong with an experiment.”
“But the only way we know of to cause a mental shutdown is by killing someone’s shadow,”
Ren points out, the wheels in his head turning faster, “So she’d have to have access to the
Metaverse to do that.”
“We can’t be sure, either way.” Makoto interjects, “Besides, there was a suicide note.”
“Do you really think that note was how Futaba’s mother thought of her?” Ann snaps,
“Maternity neurosis? I don’t buy it.”
“That’s…” Makoto sighs, “True. There’s a lot of Futaba’s cognition that doesn’t add up with
Boss’s accounts. We… really can’t be sure what happened.”
“Why would she even be assassinated, though?” Ryuji pushes.
“Her research, probably.” Ren muses, “Either she was getting too deep, or someone wanted
it.”
“What an asshole.” Ryuji growls, “Orphaning a girl just because of some psience bullshit?”
“We still have no confirmation that that is the case,” Yusuke reminds him, “We should
withhold our judgement.”
“The black mask is still killing people, even if they didn’t kill Futaba’s mother,” Makoto says
harshly.
Ren hums. It’s easy to make judgement calls when they only have a shallow view of the
situation, he thinks. Maybe that’s really all there is to it- the black mask kills people for fun
or money or something else.
But, they don’t know.

Ren thinks back to the other day, when he ran into Yoshizawa. It’s… a possibility he isn’t
sure he likes considering, especially when he knows so little about the girl. And a teenager as
a murderer? It seems unlikely.
Though, the original thieves were more than willing to risk killing Kamoshida. If something
had gone wrong, they would be murderers, too.
He sighs quietly to himself.
He won’t say anything about Yoshizawa for now. The rest of the thieves are all fond of her,
anyway, and he has no real evidence other than ‘she’s kind of weird’, and ‘some of my
lingering memories from a weird dream kind of line up with her’.
Ren bites his lip. He hopes that he’s wrong.
***
Sumire managed to get… absolutely nothing from Ren.
Well, it’s not like she expected much. It would be ridiculous if Ren detailed the Phantom
Thieves’ activities in their entirety just because she asked.
Akechi’s still avoiding her. Actively, now, if his quick retreat the other day is anything to go
by.
Sumire decides that she needs to up her information gathering attempts. Especially since
there was never an official calling card for Medjed, so she doesn’t know whose palace, if they
infiltrated one at all, the thieves are working on.
Which brings her to Leblanc. She isn’t sure if this is the thieves’ hideout yet, but she hasn’t
seen them in the Shibuya accessway for a while, and she can’t think of anywhere else it
might be.
She’s sipping tentatively at a cup of coffee, avoiding eye contact with Sojiro, who seems to
be attempting much the same with her. This is a stakeout, more than anything. She has no
guarantee that the thieves are here, much less doing anything heist related.
She seems to be in luck, though, as she hears some familiar chatter waft from the stairwell.
Sumire quickly gulps down her coffee to a low level, in preparation for any unsuspicious
exits she might need to make.
“Alright, lets head out!” She hears Ryuji cheer as he jumps down the stairs two at a time.
“Quiet down,” Sojiro grunts, “Shop’s still open.”
“Sorry, Boss.” Ann says brightly. She blinks when she makes eye-contact with Sumire,
“Sumire-chan! I didn’t know you knew this place.”

“Oh, uh,” Sumire fumbles as she’s met with the inquisitive eyes of the thieves, “I sort of
stumbled into it by accident a couple months ago.”
“Really?” Makoto says, smiling amicably, “What a coincidence.”
“Hm?” Sumire plays dumb.
“Ren lives here!” Ann explains cheerfully, and the resident in question throws up an awkward
wave before folding in on himself.
“Right.” Ren says after a beat, after several eyes turn to him, expecting input.
“Anyways, we were just heading out,” Ryuji says, passing by Sumire’s chair, “See you
around, Sumire!”
“Aren’t you gonna invite her to come with?” Sojiro cuts in, “You’re all friends, right?”
The thieves share a series of looks that Sumire’s sure they think are inconspicuous. She
would be hurt by the obvious attempt to exclude her, if she wasn’t aware of exactly what
they’re up to.
Bingo, she thinks, taking a leaf out of Akechi’s book and pasting on a pleasant smile.
“Oh, I wouldn’t want to impose!” She says brightly, “I have practice soon anyway, so I
wouldn’t be able to stay for long.”
In the corner of her vision, she sees Ren narrow his eyes. Everyone else seems to buy the act,
though.
“I hope you have a fruitful practice session, Yoshizawa-san.” Yusuke says grandly, “I hope
we see each other again soon.”
There’s a round of similar sentiments thrown around by the other thieves as they each file out
of Leblanc. Ren stays silent.
Hm.
Their interactions this timeline have been awkward at best, but that seems… cold. Even for
him.
Did she do something to offend him? Their last interaction was just outside the aquarium.
Maybe he’s still embarrassed from his incorrect assumption?
Ren never seemed the type to let things like that get to him, though. Sumire has been kind of
a mess in front of this whole time, so maybe he’s just gotten the impression that she doesn’t
want to talk to him?
(He wouldn’t be entirely wrong, in that case, but now is not a good time for Ren to come to
that conclusion- Sumire still needs to psychoanalyse him)

Well, either way, she can figure this out later.
Sumire downs the rest of her coffee, and waves goodbye to Sojiro, having left enough time
for the thieves to clear out of the street.
Hopefully, they’re headed towards a palace, rather than Mementos.
Sumire sets off on their tail.
***
Sumire is surprised, when her tailing only leads her two streets down. She’s also surprised
when the world warps, and she’s left in the middle of an open desert.
She panics at first, given there’s no cover other than a couple of dunes, but abruptly realises
that the thieves aren’t anywhere in sight.
Did they somehow enter in a different location? Sumire has no idea how that would work,
since she was only a few meters away from the thieves when they activated the Nav, but she’s
no expert, so what does she know?
Speaking of the Nav, Sumire takes out her phone to make sure the location has bookmarked,
and does a double take.
Candidate: Futaba Sakura, Location: Sojiro Sakura’s house, Distortion: Tomb.
Well.
As is custom, a lot of things slide into place very suddenly.
As is also custom, Sumire now has a lot of questions.
Futaba has a palace? That certainly answers how and when Futaba joins the thieves, at least.
After they change her heart, Sumire assumes.
What it does not answer is why Futaba has a palace. Palaces are for people with distorted
desires, Sumire’s pretty sure, so…?
She glances at the distortion again, and bites her lip, chest tightening. She might have an idea
as to what those desires are, actually.
She doesn’t know what their basis is, though. Nor why she’s been dumped in the middle of a
desert when the thieves have presumably arrived closer to the tomb in question.
Sumire squints her eyes and looks around. In the far distance, she spots a glint of a pyramid.
That should be her destination, then.
There’s nothing to be done but start walking. The heart of Futaba’s palace will hold the
answers that Sumire is looking for, and she isn’t going to get anything done by standing
around.

As she starts her trek, Sumire abruptly realises that the journey is going to be absolutely
horrible. She’s in the middle of a sweltering desert in all black clothes and heels. Sumire will
be surprised if she doesn’t keel over before reaching the pyramid.
Internally cursing Futaba’s cognition, Sumire tries not to stumble on the dunes. She quickly
takes off her coat to use as shade, and prays to anything that will listen that cognitive sun
doesn’t act like real sun. She’s not sure how she’s going to explain a sudden peeling sunburn
away.
She distracts herself with these thoughts, and pretends she can’t feel her feet and the hours
dragging as she makes slow progress towards the glittering prism in the distance.
Less distant with each step, she reminds herself.
By the time she finally reaches the pyramid, she’s sure the thieves have long since left. She
won’t be able to eavesdrop on them, in that case, but she can at least make her way through
the palace unobstructed.
Well. Aside from the shadows, but she’d rather fight them than run into the thieves
accidentally.
Sumire jogs up the steps to the pyramid, relishing in the cool air as it washes over her when
she steps inside. She retracts her earlier curses on Futaba’s cognition.
She steps forward tentatively, taking in the many stairs that centre the structure.
“Thief. Why have you come to my tomb?” A familiar voice, distorted and twisted, whispers
behind her.
Sumire whirls around, coming face to face with Futaba. Or, rather, her shadow. She’s in
clothes befitting of a pharaoh, and her golden eyes pierce out from behind her glasses.
Sumire blinks and quickly bows, not wanting to antagonise her, “I’m not here to steal
anything, Futaba-senpai.”
The shadow tilts her head, “Then why are you here?”
“Um,” Sumire fumbles, “I want to understand you, and this place.” She nods to the room
around them.
Futaba’s shadow narrows her eyes, “Who are you? I invited the others here, but I do not
recall extending such an invitation to you.”
“We haven’t met in the real world,” Sumire says, deciding that attempting to lie to a shadow,
especially one that isn’t hostile, would be a bad idea.
“How do you know who I am? Why do you care?” Futaba’s shadow hisses, and- well, isn’t
that the question?

Sumire isn’t sure how much of this is going to get subconsciously fed back into Futaba’s
head. Frankly, having this conversation is a show of ‘risks that Sumire shouldn’t take’, and
she thinks that outright admitting to time travel is a bad idea, on the off chance that the real
Futaba gets clued in.
“The Phantom Thieves usually change someone’s heart because they’re a bad person, or
doing bad things,” Sumire says slowly, trying to decide on what to say, “But I know you’re
not a bad person.”
Futaba’s shadow laughs humourlessly, “That’s where you’re wrong. I’m a murderer.”
Sumire smiles sheepishly, “That hasn’t put me off before.”
“Is that so?” The shadow says flatly. She hums, and looks considering for a beat. “Very
well,” she says eventually, “You wish to understand this place? The others have already
made considerable progress, so you may view what they have uncovered, if you so wish.”
Sumire’s eyes widen, and she smiles brightly, “Thank you, Futaba-senpai!”
Futaba’s shadow hmphs, and glides across the floor towards the staircase. Sumire hurries to
follow behind.
The shadow phases through one of the doors that line the hall, and Sumire quickly opens it,
relieved to find it unlocked. She enters a relatively empty room, with a large mural on one of
the walls. Sumire walks up to stand beside Futaba’s shadow, and takes in the picture.
It’s in an Egyptian style, three bird-headed men in black suits present a piece of paper to
Futaba, wearing her shadow’s clothes, who sits upon a throne.
“This was the suicide note.” Futaba’s shadow states blankly.
Sumire blinks, and turns to face the shadow in alarm. “What?” She gapes.
“My mother,” the shadow clarifies, “She threw herself into traffic in front of me. It was my
fault. I killed her.”
Sumire stares, bewildered.
She has to say something.
…
What can she say?
“That’s not true.” Sumire insists, even though she knows the sentiment will likely go
unappreciated.
Futaba’s shadow hums noncommittally.

“I’m serious,” Sumire pushes anyway, “My sister…” she takes a deep breath, “When my
sister died, I thought it was my fault, too.”
Wasn’t it? Something cruel and unchecked hisses. Sumire shoves it down. She’s past that. She
has to be.
Futaba’s shadow regards her with interest, “What made you realise it wasn’t?”
Sumire blinks. When did she realise? SheShe never did, did she? She just stopped thinking about it.
But, she still understands that it wasn’t her fault. Maybe the realisation came naturally, over
time, while she scrambled for the dregs of her self-worth. Maybe it came all at once, when
she decided that Sumire Yoshizawa deserved to live just as much as Kasumi did.
Maybe a little bit of both.
“I don’t know,” Sumire says honestly.
The shadow nods, accepting the answer.
After a beat, Sumire speaks up again, “Why do you think it’s your fault?”
“The note,” Futaba’s shadow says, “It had all of my mother’s complaints about me.”
“That’s…” Sumire whispers. Horrible, disgusting, needlessly cruel. She says none of thatshe’s sure Futaba already knows.
ExceptSumire remembers, in the false reality, Futaba’s wish was to have her mother be alive again.
When Futaba told Sumire about her wish, the girl only spoke in endless fondness for her
mother.
Would Futaba really have done that if her mother’s last words to her were so unnecessarily
vitriolic?
“Was that suicide note real?” Sumire asks softly, more to herself than the shadow.
The shadow cracks a grin, “That is the question my real self refuses to examine.”
Sumire blinks, “Wait, really?” She didn’t expect to be right.
Futaba’s shadow nods, “She has been made to believe that she deserves the pain of guilt, and
views any attempt to shift the blame as a betrayal.” The shadow’s eyes flick downward, “I
am born from her knowledge of the truth, combined with her refusal to accept it.”
Sumire nods slowly, understanding dawning. “If your mother didn’t commit suicide, do you
know what really happened?”

Futaba’s shadow hums, “There are a lot of things that were… convenient, about my mother’s
death. My mother was a researcher on cognitive psience, but she never spoke to anyone
about her findings or what she was doing.” She tilts her head in contemplation, “I could
never find her research anywhere after she died, and combined with the fake suicide note?”
She shakes her head.
“Cognitive psience…?” Sumire whispers to herself.
Akechi’s first fear at seeing Sumire in the Metaverse was the possibility that cognitive
psience was being researched- again, Akechi implied. Could he have known Futaba’s
mother? If so, thenOh.
Sumire grimaces, as she realises she may have found another of Akechi’s victims.
“Do you think she was murdered?” Sumire asks the shadow quietly.
Futaba’s shadow shrugs, “I’m not sure. My real self only has a foundational knowledge of the
cognitive world, so she has little basis for that assumption.”
Sumire hums, and thinks again about the rift between Akechi and the thieves in January.
If Akechi killed a whole two of the thieves’ parents, then…
Well, it would make sense if they outright hated Akechi.
But, they didn’t. So it doesn’t make sense.
The relationship between Akechi and Futaba was spiteful and antagonistic, but in the way
that Sumire would sometimes steal Kasumi’s ice-cream, rather than ‘you killed my mother’.
Sumire lost count of the number of times that Akechi got roped into a featherman debate at
Futaba’s behest.
Futaba was one of the thieves who seemed to be actively reaching out. Akechi seemed
confused and exasperated, but he went along with her antics anyway.
Like Sumire assumed, there’s clearly something more to all of this.
But then, why is Akechi so adamant in pushing her away?
If all he needs to do is explain, then why play up the maniacal villainy?
Sumire bites her lip. She’ll get her answers. She can be very persuasive.
She hopes, at least. She’ll try her best.
“Futaba-senpai,” Sumire turns to face the shadow again, “Thank you for showing me all
this.” She bows, “I can’t help you right now, but I know that the thieves will be able to help.
And I’m sure your real self will realise the truth, too.”

“We shall see.” Futaba’s shadow murmurs.
Sumire nods confidently.
If her knowledge of the future is good for anything, it’s in giving her confirmation that
Futaba will be okay.
***
At this point, Akechi thinks to himself, it’s his own fault.
He’s succeeded in avoiding Yoshizawa, at least. But he has to admit that his attempts at
avoiding his other bonds has gone poorly.
He even invited Amamiya out to the aquarium.
And now he’s invited him to Jazz Jin.
…
Why is he doing this, again?
Akechi has no fucking clue, but he can feel the Justice buzzing happily while his personas
laugh at him.
Amamiya isn’t helping. The fucker looks downright delighted every time Akechi invites him
out, and if Akechi didn’t know any better, he’d think that Amamiya’s in on the joke.
His mental spiral is interrupted as Amamiya jogs to keep up with Akechi’s fast pace.
“So, uh, where are we headed?” Amamiya asks, following Akechi around the bend of the
Kichijoji backstreets.
“Nowhere of particular significance,” Akechi lies, “It’s just around the corner.”
Akechi comes to a stop in front of the steps leading down to the jazz club, and sees
Amamiya’s eyes widen as he reads the sign.
“A bar?” Amamiya asks incredulously.
Akechi chuckles lightly, “Not quite. It’s a jazz club- they do serve alcohol, but there are nonalcoholic variations for minors.”
Amamiya nods in understanding, before cracking a small smile, “This place looks really
cool.”
Akechi hums noncommittally, and ignores how the other’s praise causes satisfaction to
burrow in his chest.
“Shall we head in?” Akechi says lightly, flashing a pretty smile.

Amamiya is unaffected, as usual, and nods, his own smile dropping to neutrality.
They step down the stairs, and Akechi claims one of the tables in the centre, leaning back in
his chair casually as Amamiya fidgets, looking around wide-eyed.
“I feel kinda out of place,” Amamiya admits, threading his hands together nervously.
“It is quite a unique atmosphere, isn’t it?” Akechi concedes.
“Yeah,” Amamiya says absent mindedly, “though, It seems sort of… familiar?”
Akechi tilts his head, “Oh?”
Amamiya shakes his head, and smiles, “In a good way, I mean. Sort of nostalgic?”
“I see.” Akechi says.
He doesn’t know why he invited Amamiya to spend time together -again- nor does he
understand what possessed him to take them to Jazz Jin.
He despises the thought that the arcana want to be ranked up, to the point where they’ll
influence his actions. Akechi hasn’t seen José since he acquired the Devil arcana, but he has
some choice words for the little shit should he ever see him again- he’s the one that
encouraged this farce.
If, for his own sanity, Akechi will not believe that he’s being strung along by a couple of
symbolic strings living in his chest, then the only remaining explanation is that he invited
Amamiya to hang out because he wanted to.
Akechi doesn’t like that explanation, either.
Akechi makes no attempt at conversation while they order and wait for their drinks, nor does
he start trying once the drinks are delivered to the table. Amamiya’s eyes occasionally narrow
and flick around the room, like he’s trying to discern something. His eyes occasionally settle
on Akechi, before darting away, mouth set in an embarrassed line.
“So,” Amamiya starts eventually, “How did you find this place?”
Akechi contemplates the question. More accurately, he contemplates how he’ll answer.
Akechi stumbled into Jazz Jin about a year ago, soaked from the rain and still coming down
from the aftershocks of enacting a psychotic breakdown. He figured the place was hole-inthe-wall enough to get a hold of himself in peace without any prying eyes.
It worked. And then he came back. And then he came back again. And again, until the club’s
owner, Muhen, started recognising him, shooting him warm grins every time he walks down
the steps.
He got a very smug grin this time, once Muhen saw that Akechi had brought someone along.

“I found the place by accident, mostly,” Akechi starts, “I had a bad day, and found the
environment here particularly soothing. I’m a regular, at this point.”
Amamiya blinks, a small grin cracking his face, “I thought you said this place was of ‘no
particular significance’?” He says in a mocking voice, and Akechi almost rolls his eyes.
He shoots him an exasperated look instead, Amamiya letting out something between a snort
and a giggle in response.
“Sorry,” Amamiya says, not sounding sorry at all, “I’m glad you brought me here, though. I
really like it.”
“I’ve never actually brought anyone here before,” Akechi admits conversationally, tracing the
rim of his glass with a gloved finger.
Amamiya looks taken aback, before a soft smile spreads on his face, “I’m glad you trusted
me, then.”
“Is it really a matter of trust?” Akechi’s eyes narrow involuntarily.
“Sure,” Amamiya shrugs, smile still in place as he leans in to take a sip of his drink, “If this
place is special to you.”
Akechi huffs, “I suppose it is.” A smirk twitches on his lips, “Don’t tell the owner, I’ll never
hear the end of it.”
Amamiya grins, and mimes zipping his lips.
Their conversation peters out, the silence far more companionable this time around.
Akechi sits up as he sees the usual singer step up onto the stage. Amamiya shoots him a
questioning look, but catches on as he hears the microphone hiss as it’s turned on.
Akechi leans his chin on his hand, “I didn’t think there would be a singer today.” He says
quietly.
“I guess you did say this is a jazz bar,” Amamiya murmurs, leaning forward, “Are the
performances good?”
“They are,” Akechi hums, as the band on stage starts playing.
As he sees Amamiya’s attention captured by the live performance, Akechi lets himself think.
Trust, hm? He has theorised in the past that that’s one of the foundations for forming and
growing a bond.
He threw that idea out when the Devil arcana coiled its way around his ribs.
(The Tower twists around his spine, another reminder.)

Akechi makes it a point to never truly grant anyone his trust. People are disappointing, he’s
found, and, oh, he’s tried to find evidence to the contrary.
He’s well aware that he’s disappointing, too. People who trust him are fools, blind to the list
of broken promises and stacked bodies that tower behind him while he flashes a pleasant
smile to diffuse and distract.
Of course, Akechi’s been made a fool as well.
The Magician thrums, not to be ignored, reminding him of his lapse in judgement.
He betrayed Yoshizawa’s trust before she could betray his, but it stings all the same.
And now, as the Justice reaches rank four, Amamiya has proven that Akechi has relinquished
some trust to him, as well.
Akechi huffs a short sigh.
What the fuck is he supposed to do?
***
If Ren were more cognizant of the strange dreams when they happen, he might have noticed a
pattern in when they occur.
For now, though, he simply falls asleep, unawares.
“Did you have fun?” Ren asks the boy at his side.
The boy rolls his eyes, “Will you finally stop dragging me places if I say yes?”
Ren laughs, “Well, I can’t drag you anywhere tomorrow, so you can take a break.”
“Thank you for your mercy, oh generous leader,” the other drawls sarcastically, and Ren
bumps his shoulder in retaliation.
“This month flew by, huh?” Ren says after a beat.
“Yes,” the other hums, “I suppose it did.” He pauses, “Are you ready to send the calling
card?” He says, looking down at the ground as they walk.
“Sure am,” Ren says dismissively, “I just hope he actually shows up. It would kind of suck if
we did all this for nothing.”
The other scoffs derisively, “As much as I hate the man, he has shown he’s willing to give us
the illusion of a choice, at least.” He stiffly readjusts his scarf, “I have no doubt he’ll show
up tomorrow.”
Ren nods. “I hope so.”

“Make no mistake,” the boy says sharply, “As much as he presents a veneer of fairness, our
resident deity,” he spits the word like a curse, “May not be above dirty tactics.”
Ren frowns, and hums in thought. “Like what?” He asks.
“An ultimatum, perhaps.” The other states flatly, “Or a last-ditch effort to play into your
saviour complex.”
“I don’t have a-” Ren protests, but gets cut off by the other’s withering glare. He pouts, and
the other rolls his eyes.
Ren lets the silence sit for a moment, before speaking up again. “I doubt he can convince me
with anything.” He says confidently, “I mean, nothing’s really changed since I rejected this
reality the first time, right? I didn’t even get a wish.”
The other nods slowly, and unreadable expression passing over his face, “Right.”
“Did you get a wish?” Ren asks in a bout of curiosity.
“No.” The other says shortly.
Ren grins, “Guess wildcards are immune, then.”
The other huffs, “Something like that, probably.”
Silence falls again, but it’s the other boy who breaks it first, this time.
“I know you’re confident,” He starts, “But I want you to promise me something.”
Ren frowns at the others serious tone, “What is it?” He asks softly.
“No matter what happens tomorrow, you won’t falter,” The other says sternly, “Whatever
bullshit gets thrown around, whatever tricks that madman tries to pull, promise you’ll still
fight this reality.”
Ren presses his lips together, and tries to figure out where this is coming from.
For lack of an answer, Ren smiles warmly, “I promise,” he says, and he’s sure he means it.
The other nods stiffly, “Good.”
And then, Ren snaps to the present, still asleep, and a lot of things suddenly fall into place.
Ren turns to stare at Crow, now in his Metaverse attire.
Crow folds his arms, and huffs, “What?”
“The jazz club,” Ren starts, “I saw it in one of these dreams,”
Crow gives him an unimpressed look, “Uh huh.”

“And the aquarium,” Ren says, thoughts going a mile a minute, “That got brought up in one
of these memories, too.”
“Congratulations on your observational skills,” Crow says dryly.
“Fuck off,” Ren glares, “I know who you are.”
A knife sharp smirk cuts across Crow’s face, “Oh? Do tell.”
“Akechi, right?” Ren steps forward, “He invited me to the aquarium, and he’s the one that
showed me the jazz club.”
Crow regards him for a moment, before spreading his arms out wide, “Guilty as charged,
Joker.”
Ren stares, reeling.
“But,” Ren starts, opening and closing his mouth, “You said you’re dead. Akechi’s not
dead.”
Crow shrugs, inspecting his hands.
Ren rolls his eyes, and keeps thinking aloud, “One of these memories happened in the attic,”
he continues, finishing the revelation that got cut short last dream, “But I’ve only ever been
in Leblanc’s attic this year, let alone lived there.”
“And?” Crow tilts his head, “What have you figured out?”
Ren tugs on his gloves, as his mind struggles to come to a conclusion- because it’s ridiculous,
what he’s thinking, completely impossible.
All of this is insane, but“Are these dreams… prophetic, or something?” Ren murmurs, “Are you supposed to be from
the future?” He looks at Crow.
“I don’t know. Are you a seer?” Crow says disinterestedly.
“Help me out here!” Ren snaps, “What, are you going to die in the future?”
“The future is hardly set in stone.” Crow says, finally looking up again, “But you’re still
missing something.”
Ren bites his lip, and wracks his brain for what the hell Crow could be talking about.
“The memory with the phone call, in the attic,” Ren says slowly, “You didn’t call me, in the
real world.”
Crow nods for him to continue.

Ren presses his lips together, “But, I don’t remember these dreams enough to have made that
kind of change, if the timeline’s set, or something.”
Crow folds his arms, still staying silent.
“So,” Ren cuts himself off. He huffs angrily, and throws up his hands, “You’re not helpful,
you know.”
“So I’ve been told,” Crow deadpans, “If you can’t figure it out, I can’t tell you.”
“Fuck, is it an alternate reality?” Ren says, running his hands through his hair, glaring as
Crow snorts, “You don’t get to laugh. You can’t tell me, or you won’t?”
“Is there a difference, given the nature of my existence?” Crow ponders aloud, unhelpfully.
“Right, cognition. Whatever.” Ren crosses his arms, frustrated, “You don’t act like Akechi.”
He points out.
“From what you’ve seen in reality, sure.” Crow hums, “But I’m your cognition based on
what you’re forgetting, so who’s really acting out of character?”
Ren shrugs, feeling petulant, “So basically, all these dreams are useless, because nothing that
happens in them is sure to happen in the real world.”
“Is that what you really think?” Crow says, contemplative.
Ren bites his lip. Is it?
These dreams aren’t prophetic, but his cognition is definitely implying that they’re important.
Akechi isn’t dead in reality, but could he be in danger? Is it up to Ren to save him, using the
knowledge granted from the Aeon?
A bit fucking difficult, Ren grouses, when he can’t remember any of this stuff when he wakes
up. The only thing these dreams have given him in the waking world are a series of vibes, and
a vague suspicion towards Yoshizawa that she might be the black mask.
Ren catches on that thought.
“Wait, fuck, are you the black mask?” Ren turns to Crow again.
“Haven’t you asked this before?” Crow sighs.
“Yeah, and you dodged the question by saying that you’re dead,” Ren narrows his eyes, “But
you aren’t, so you’re still a candidate.”
Crow shrugs, “My answer remains largely the same. There isn’t a monopoly on the colour of
someone’s Metaverse outfit. I could be one of many who happen to be sporting black masks.”
Ren scowls. That’s a valid point.

Crow chuckles, “What’s all this hostility, Joker? You seemed so torn up at the idea of my
death last time.”
Ren kicks at the floor, “I’m just,” he huffs, “Confused. About all of this.”
Trying to fit all of this together is like trying to do a puzzle without the corner pieces. And the
picture is just a flat colour. And there’s a thousand pieces.
And Ren’s blindfolded, too, just for good measure.
“I don’t want you to die.” Ren says softly. He dreaded the idea of Crow’s death before, but
now that Ren knows who he is- and he has a chance to avoid it?
He hopes he has a chance to avoid it.
“You’ll figure it out.” Crow murmurs, andAs the Aeon hits rank five, Ren wakes up, with no memory of his newfound resolve.

Chapter End Notes

Shoutouts to 2B from neir:automata for sliding around the desert in heels. Sumi envies
her skill.
Actually, speaking of neir, do y'all ever do that thing where a song is really cool and so
you do your utmost to link it to a character you also think is cool? Anyway in this essay
I'll be explaining how the entire soundtracks of neir and neir:automata kind of vibe with
Akechi's characterAlso, another blanket 'Thank you' for all the comments and kudos <3 <3 <3
Uhh confidants! Feel free to call me out if I ever get one of the numbers wrong in these:
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 5
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 4
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 2
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 3
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 5
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 4

Chapter 22
Chapter Summary

The dominoes fall.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As always, Sae starts their conversation by growling incoherently.
The frequency by which she’s been ignoring Akechi entirely in their conversations at work
has been increasing, too- She seems more than content to debate with herself rather than wait
for external input.
“Any progress, Sae-san?” Akechi asks wearily, snapping the prosecutor back to reality.
Sae scoffs, “Nothing. Even with Medjed’s deadline hanging over their heads, the Phantom
Thieves haven’t done anything publicly.” She throws up her hands, “Some defenders of
justice they are- they’re willing to let the country rot so long as they don’t get caught.”
Akechi thinks about how the last timeline supposedly ended, with the Phantom Thieves
failing to stop reality from being destroyed. In that case, he supposes, Sae’s claim isn’t so
outlandish.
He pointedly doesn’t think about Amamiya’s determined will, eyes flashing steel at any and
all challenges that Akechi presents.
(Akechi struggles to reconcile the two images)
He hums in vague agreement at Sae’s complaints.
“And I’ve gotten nowhere on trying to find Isshiki’s research, either.” Sae scowls.
Akechi feels his throat dry up, “Oh?” He almost chokes.
“Wakaba Isshiki,” Sae says, like Akechi could forget, “The cognitive psience researcher. I
tried going to Sojiro Sakura for answers, but he didn’t have anything.” She rolls her eyes, “I
even tried threatening him.”
Akechi cracks his features back into place, “You threatened him?” He asks airily.
Sae waves her hand dismissively, “He’s Futaba Isshiki’s legal guardian. She’s a shut in,
hasn’t been seen in public in months. I used it as leverage- he wouldn’t win a legal battle if

we pursued it.”
She must see something in the look that Akechi gives her, because she has the decency to
look lightly ashamed, “I was never going to actually pursue it, I just needed information.”
“And I’m sure you’d be delighted if someone threatened you with Makoto’s custody.” Akechi
says icily, smile unabating.
He’s not sure where this is coming from. He’s off his game, clearly. He lets it happen anyway.
Sae flinches, before staring back with equal frigidness. “I needed answers, and Sakura knows
better than to pick a fight with the state.”
“You said he didn’t have anything anyway, right?” Akechi says lightly, “I assume he told you
upfront that he knows nothing?”
Sae presses her lips together, “He could have been lying. I had to be sure.”
“And if he had told you something upfront?” Akechi tilts his head, the picture of innocence,
masking the snarl threatening to bubble onto his features, “Would you have still threatened
him on the off chance that there was something more?”
Sae’s glare sharpens, “Cut the crap, Akechi. What’s your point?”
“I believe I’m making it rather obvious,” Akechi says, dropping the smile, “You’re being far
too aggressive.”
“I’ll do what I have to.” Sae snaps, “I thought you, of all people, understood that.”
“And what happens when someone decides they’ve had enough?” Akechi asks cooly,
supressing a sneer, “Someone’s bound to notice that your threats are baseless. I’m amazed
that Sakura didn’t considering he used to work in the government.”
“They were hardly baseless,” Sae scoffs, “We’re on a time limit. We need to find the
Phantom Thieves, by any means necessary.”
“For what?” Akechi snaps, unable to stop his lip from curling, “For justice? Or for you?”
Sae’s eyes widen a fraction, before she collects herself, “And just what are you implying?”
She says, venom creeping into her voice.
Akechi just cocks an eyebrow, and stands up. “Nothing at all, Sae-san.” He says smoothly, “I
think I’ll be leaving now, though.”
“Sure.” She says flatly, not looking at him.
Akechi turns on his heel, and leaves, fuming.
Fucking ridiculous. What the hell is Sae thinking?

Through his haze of anger, Akechi’s brain latches onto the fact that Futaba is a shut-in. He
never bothered to check on Wakaba’s daughter, after he killed her. He barely remembered she
had one.
Not for lack of knowledge, of course, Wakaba would never shut up about her daughter, even
whenHis personas hiss in warning, and Akechi grits his teeth.
He ducks into an alley near the station, and spits “Mementos” into his phone’s receiver. The
world shift, and Akechi stalks down the steps, the metal in his attire grinding and clanging
together as he walks.
“Sae Niijima.” He sneers, sending Robin to search through the layers of Mementos.
He’s not surprised, when he can’t find her in the upper layers. He isn’t that surprised either,
when she’s absent from the middling regions.
A cold stone sinks in his gut when he gets a signal down, down, right on the fringes of where
Akechi can still access in the collective unconscious.
Akechi makes his way through Mementos in a whirlwind, not stopping as he lets his mind
focus on the cacophony of shrieks and clangs as he tears through any shadow foolish enough
to stand between him and his goal.
The distraction doesn’t work as well as he hopes, as his mind wanders anyway.
When Akechi last checked on Sae’s shadow, she was non-hostile and almost human in her
functions. She still spouted fragments of repressed thoughts like any other, but she could hold
a conversation just as well as her real self without dissolving into nonsense and tangents
about her need to win.
Akechi doubts that the same will be true, now.
The portal to Sae’s shadow looks narrower, from the outside. Akechi, if he were an idiot,
would take that as a good sign that the distortion is lessening. He’s not an idiot, however; and
combined with the faint buzz of peppy sound effects and cheerful music, Akechi can see that
Sae is teetering on the edge of a full palace.
Well. Yoshizawa did warn him.
Akechi pulls the curtain of distortion aside, and steps through.
The burrows that Mementos shadows make their homes in are usually barren, save for the
few pulsing veins that adorn the walls.
Sae seems to have dressed the place up a bit.
Neon signs, slot machines, poker tables, roulette wheels- all jammed together in an
incongruent mess that spells no rhyme or reason, only existing to purpose the visual of a

casino rather than the function of one.
The distortion is still only one room, given that it’s yet to break from Mementos, but Akechi
can see the hazy outline of doors littered about at random, waiting to be attributed to a
physical space.
Sae’s shadow stands at the far end of the room, her pantsuit exchanged for a floor length
black dress, with a plunging neck and back line, as well as a large sunhat adorned with
yellow roses and playing cards.
She doesn’t turn to acknowledge Akechi as he approaches, though he makes his presence
clearly known.
He leans against one of the haphazard tables, not speaking.
The shadow finally turns her head, golden eyes flashing, and makes a show of sizing Akechi
up.
“I was wondering when you’d return,” she sneers.
“Did I ever promise to come back?” Akechi asks dryly.
“They always come back,” Sae’s shadow says confidently, “They all want to leech on my
accomplishments, my success. But I won’t let them,” she spits out, “I’m the ruler here.”
“You certainly are.” Akechi deadpans. He tries not to feel the creeping disappointment that
sits in his gut.
“You dare judge me?” The shadow snarls, “You’re the same as me. You’d do anything to
win.”
He would. He knows.
(Of course he knows- he’s lived it, constantly, for longer than he cares to recall.
What he finds disappointing, is that Sae is no better.
He really thought that she could be better.)
“I’m not exactly the poster boy for good human behaviour.” Akechi points out with a scoff.
Sae’s shadow barks a laugh, “Is that supposed to be modesty?” She juts out her chin, “Look
at you. A teenager, and you’ve already got the public wrapped around your little finger. You
can support yourself easily, even without parents, and everyone respects you.”
Akechi decides not to say that the only reason he can afford to support himself is that he
happens to do assassinations as a night job.
“Hardly,” Akechi says to everything else, “Haven’t you noticed, Sae-san, that you’re the only
one who ever really takes me seriously out of all our peers?”

“Then you should understand me.” The shadow spits, “Why are you fighting me on this?”
Akechi rolls his eyes. Shadows are impossible to reason with.
“This is pointless,” He voices, and turns on his heel, “I’d tell you to do some self-reflection,
but I don’t think you physically can.”
“Get out, then! See if I care.” Sae’s shadow growls, “I’ll win. If you want to stay and grovel
in the dirt because you don’t have what it takes, then be my guest.”
“Of course I have what it takes,” Akechi hisses, “Do you?”
Before the shadow can respond, Akechi pushes his way out of the pocket of distortion,
stumbling onto the subway tracks.
Hm. The hallway looks even narrower than it did before.
The Moon arcana grows to rank six.
A hysterical laugh escapes Akechi’s lips before he can clamp it down. It echoes off the tracks
and walls, bouncing back and forth as Akechi laughs even harder.
It is absolute comedy gold that the Moon is his strongest bond, when all he feels for Sae
anymore is distaste at best.
He hasn’t changed shit. Sae has still grown a palace this timeline, because she can’t get her
head out of her ass. There’s no magic fate bullshit that’s swooped in to save the day- she’s
distorted all the same.
Unless, a voice says cheerfully in his head, he made a bond with Sae last time, too- maybe
her growing a palace is him changing fate.
Another betrayal for the pile, he supposes- though he’s not sure who the offending party is.
Akechi grinds his jaw together as he tries to supress his laughter again, and only succeeds in
causing himself pain.
***
“Can you pass me the watering can, Sumi-chan?” Haru asks softly.
Sumire jumps, “Oh! Of course.” She scrambles to oblige, and Haru gives her a sympathetic
look.
Sumire grimaces. It must be obvious, then, that her mind is elsewhere.
After seeing Futaba’s palace, Sumire has doubled down on her efforts to find Akechi and
speak with Ren. A near impossible task, now that Ren is also actively avoiding her.

Sumire bites her lip. She has no full theories as to why that might be, but she does remember
almost being spotted in Kaneshiro’s palace at one point. Could Ren have seen more than she
thought?
But, he probably would have told the other thieves then, right? No one else is giving her the
cold shoulder, and none of the current thieves can act to save their lives. Neither can Sumire,
though, so she can’t judge too much.
“Want to talk about what’s on your mind?” Haru prompts gently, and Sumire startles again.
She laughs self-deprecatingly, “Ah, it’s nothing, really,” she wilts slightly under Haru’s
disbelieving look, “Nothing important.”
“You can talk to me,” Haru says, though she doesn’t sound particularly confident, “If
something’s happening, then I want to be there for you.”
Sumire presses her lips together. She relents, and huffs, pouting, “There’s just some people
that I really have to talk to, but they’re both avoiding me.”
Haru blinks, “Oh, that’s rude. Why are they doing that?”
Sumire shrugs weakly, “I know what’s wrong with one of them, but I’m not sure about the
other.”
Haru hums, and looks contemplative, “Does this have anything to do with what you told me
about the other week? The delicate conversation that you needed to have with someone?” She
clarifies at Sumire’s questioning look.
Sumire sighs, “A bit, yes.”
Haru frowns, “How did the conversation go?”
“Bad…” Sumire admits with a sigh.
Haru’s eyes widen, “Did something bad happen?”
“Nothing yet,” Sumire assures her, “But I really need to talk to him again before he does
something dumb.”
Haru looks sympathetic for a moment, before breaking out into giggles, “You really have a
lot of colourful friends, Sumi-chan! First the detective prince, and now a set of problem
children, it seems.”
Sumire decides not to mention that Akechi and one half of the ‘problem children’ set are, in
fact, one and the same.
“Speaking of, have you seen Akechi, recently?” Sumire asks, in a tone she hopes is
nonchalant.

Haru’s smile falters, “I did, a little after the fireworks festival,” Sumire perks up, and Haru
continues, “I asked him to help me in getting gardening supplies, and we spoke for a bit.”
Sumire tilts her head in a prompt for her to continue.
“I just hope I didn’t offend him on some way,” Haru admits sheepishly, “He seemed a bit out
of sorts, and our conversation steered into… sensitive territory, I think.”
“Why do you think you offended him?” Sumire asks, lips pulling down in a frown.
“I just cut off our conversation rather abruptly, when I didn’t like the turn it took,” Haru
wrings her hands together, “And, well,” she bites her lip, “Have you noticed how the way he
speaks changes when he’s a bit more relaxed?”
Sumire blinks. She has noticed, by force more than superior insight; but she’s surprised that
Haru’s noticed, when she hasn’t known Akechi for very long. Maybe Sumire was just out of
the loop for even longer than she originally assumed. She nods affirmatively to Haru’s
question.
Haru looks a bit relieved, “Right, well, he slipped back into something a bit more stilted
when I cut our conversation off, so I’m worried that I did something wrong.”
Sumire shakes her head quickly, “I don’t think it was you, Haru-senpai. Akechi’s just…” she
falters, and resorts to a vague hand gesture she hopes conveys a fraction of Akechi’s myriad
issues.
It succeeds, as Haru giggles behind her hand, “I suppose that’s true.” She looks
contemplative, “I guess I’m just worried about overstepping any boundaries. You and
Akechi-kun are the first real friends I’ve had in a long time, and I’m a little afraid about
chasing you off.”
Sumire smiles brightly, “You could never chase me off. And if Akechi tried to leave, I’d just
drag him right back.”
Haru’s smile widens, “Thank you, Sumi-chan.” She giggles again, “Though I’d hate to keep
Akechi-kun in a friendship against his will.”
“He’ll live.” Sumire says cheerily, and they both dissolve into laughter.
As their laughs die down, Haru smiles, “I hope that you can figure out your problem. I’m
sorry that I can’t be of more help.”
Sumire shakes her head, “It’s all right. I haven’t really told you much.”
Haru nods, “Either way.” She stands up to head off as the lunch break ends, “Let me know
how it goes!”
“I will,” Sumire says, and retreats back into her thoughts as Haru leaves.

There’s no way Sumire’s going to let her October deadline run out. She’ll find a way to get
Akechi to talk to her no matter what.
***
Akechi grits his teeth.
He’s been distracted. And now, it’s costing him.
Despite having spent time with Amamiya on multiple occasions in the past few weeks,
Akechi hasn’t been paying attention to what the Phantom Thieves have been doing. He made
some half-hearted attempts at wheedling information out of Amamiya, sure, but he
predictably got nothing out of it, and never bothered to follow up with some more forceful
interrogation.
He’s been careless.
And now, he has to try and explain to Shido why he has nothing.
“Nothing?” Shido sneers, “It’s been weeks, Akechi, and you have nothing to show for it.”
“Given that the Phantom Thieves have been trying to deal with Medjed, rather than an
individual, they haven’t made any trips into the cognitive world as of late.” Akechi lies
calmly.
He has no way to back up that statement, but neither does Shido, and it’s reasonable enough
to suffice.
“Is that so?” Shido says, unconvinced anyway.
Akechi smiles wider, and imagines gutting the man.
“Have they taken the bait with Medjed, at least?” Shido scoffs, and looks at Akechi like he’s
somehow in control of what the fuck a bunch of teenagers in over their heads do.
“They have.” Akechi says, absently thinking about how it would feel to strangle Shido with
his own intestines.
Loki cackles lowly at the thought of violence, drowning out the cutting sting of the Devil
arcana.
“In that case,” Shido smirks, looking far too smug for someone who barely did anything, “We
can start setting up for the next step of our plan.”
“And that would be?” Akechi prompts.
“The mental shutdowns,” Shido starts, “It would be rather convenient if we dealt with the
thieves and the mystery of the culprit in one fell swoop, yes?”
Akechi nods blandly.

It’s far better to just let the man talk, when he so wishes.
The fucker likes to feel like a cartoon villain, he supposes.
“We’ll trap them, then,” Shido continues, smile widening like a cat who’s caught the rat,
“We’ll give them a target they can’t resist, and then give them a mental shutdown before the
change of heart.”
Akechi hums.
“Okumura has been looking to step into politics,” Shido muses, “Don’t you think it’s time
he’s reminded of his place?”
Akechi doesn’t think about Haru. He doesn’t think about how Yoshizawa told him how
Okumura died last time. He doesn’t think about how he knew all of this in advance, and still
feels like he’s being doused in ice.
“I agree, sir.” Akechi lets his smile twist into a smirk.
“Scout Okumura’s palace, and make sure the thieves will take the bait when the time comes,”
Shido barks out, “You can do that for me, right?”
“Of course, sir.” Akechi says quickly.
“Good,” Shido leans back in his chair, “You always do such excellent work, Akechi. I have
no doubt you won’t disappoint me.”
Something in Akechi’s chest flutters frantically at the praise. He stamps it down. Fucking
pathetic.
He remembers the cognition on the cruise ship, and feels the teetering pull of the Tower. Lies
and bullshit, he knows, so why is he stillIt doesn’t matter.
(The Devil arcana reaches rank three)
The leather of Akechi’s gloves creaks as he clenches his fist.
“I won’t let you down.” Akechi smiles passively, as nausea bubbles in his throat.
He isn’t lying. Maybe that’s what makes him the sickest, out of everything.
Akechi is never prepared to meet with Shido.
Some days, he’ll barely remember what was discussed, as he only speaks through a fishbowl
while the fear pounds in his ears and chest, drowning him while he smiles and conspires
along with the whims of a man he hates.
He usually won’t stop shaking until hours later, on days like those.

On other days, he’ll just feel numb.
Of course he can stomach talking to the man who ruined, will ruin, is ruining, everything.
He’s Goro Akechi! The man who will lie and kill and backstab just for the promise of
patricide- he can act like the best of them, and he’ll put on the goddamn show of a lifetime
when it counts the most.
Figures, that despite all that, the impression that he’s left still warrants a cognition like the
one Akechi had the misfortune of encountering.
Maybe he’ll go back. See if he’s earned the man’s respect for fucking once.
Akechi forces his consciousness underwater again, for that one.
He despises how the Devil arcana grows and cuts at his insides, carving him out, while every
other bond sits, useless and unhelpful.
What’s the list, again? The girl he betrayed, the woman who’s lost herself, the girl whose
father he’ll murder, the thing that isn’t even human, the girl who reeks of jealousy,
The boy he’ll probably have to kill, someday,
The reflection of himself, that spells disaster,
The father who made him this way.
What a joke, that he’s spurned everyone else, and yet still begs for scraps of affection from
the one bond he’d cut out of his chest along with his still beating heart if he could.
Hilarious, truly.
***
If Akechi has to do his job, he’ll do it fucking right.
He’s an overachiever at heart, after all.
Okumura’s palace needs to be scouted, and Akechi isn’t leaving until he’s torn through
enough of the man’s psyche that he’ll be simmering in baseless paranoia for weeks.
Who knows? Maybe he’ll take a hint and stay the hell away from politics before Akechi has
to kill the father of one of his only friends.
Not a friend, he insists to himself.
And frankly, Haru would probably be better off with her father dead, anyway.
Ha! That would be a fun way to explain himself, should she ever find out.
Akechi swiftly steps off the train, and makes his way to the Okumura Foods headquarters.
Once he’s directly outside, and reasonably out of sight, he quickly takes out his phone and

whispers the keywords into the receiver.
The world shifts, and,
Oh. Good.
Akechi is already considered a threat; he smirks as he feels his mask settle on his face.
An involuntary chuckle bursts past his lips, and he begins stalking into the palace, not
stopping to marvel the beauty of space conjured by the greedy bastard’s psyche.
He’s seen it before. This is hardly the first time he’s had to kick Okumura’s shadow back into
place.
Though, it might be one of the last.
Akechi cuts off the thought by ripping off a wandering shadow’s mask in a spray of black,
cackling as it reshapes into its true form.
All weak to physical, hm? This should be fun.
He doesn’t even draw his sword- just kicks one shadow down while tearing into another with
his clawed gauntlets, and sending Loki for a rending strike on the last. He feels the spell
recoil into his own health, and grins maniacally.
“Oh, Okumura!” He sing-songs to the air, “I have some words to share- I’m sure you’d love
to hear them.”
“INTRUDER!” Another shadow yells in a robotic voice from down the hall, “YOU SHALL
NOT SPEAK TO OUR MASTER, BLACK MASK!”
“Won’t I?” Akechi sighs, before darting forward and cleaving through the shadow before it
has a chance to change forms.
“A shame!” He calls to the air again, meandering down the hall, “I suppose I’ll just have to
do some convincing, no?”
“W-what do you want?!” The distorted voice of Okumura’s shadow come on over the
loudspeaker, barely audible through the fishbowl Akechi remembers the shadow wears on its
head, “I have nothing to say to you, black mask!”
“Ah, but I have something to say to you.” Akechi says, stabbing into another shadow as it
tries to swarm from behind, “Now, are you going to show yourself, or do I have to carve a
path?”
“Leave!” Okumura’s shadow snaps. The loudspeaker crackles off, and Akechi can feel the
oppressive air of the cognitive space grow heavier, as he hears the clamour of reinforcement
shadows and cognitions from further in.
Carve a path it is, then.

You’re being reckless, Robin chides, and Akechi shoves the voice down, burying the mask
entirely.
Will Okumura’s shadow take a hint, if he doesn’t put on a show? No, Akechi thinks, as he
kicks forwards, splitting a shadow through the middle.
He’s going to cause as much destruction as he can, damn the consequences.
He uses another widespread physical attack to clear a path, barely acknowledging the recoil.
He steps up to a locked door, shooting absentmindedly at a shadow as he examines the
mechanism. A scrolling announcement above the door blinks in, reading: biometric scan.
Akechi quickly dodges to the side as another shadow charges him, waiting for the door to
hurry the hell up.
Access denied, the door announces, and Akechi scoffs.
“Okumura,” Akechi calls, in the way one might chastise a child, “You know I have other
ways of getting through, if you want to be difficult.”
“You’re bluffing!” The shadow calls again from over the loudspeaker, not sounding
particularly confident.
“Oh?” Akechi smiles sweetly, and folds his arms as he sends Loki to jam his sword into the
door, the metal making a horrific screech as the persona slowly bends the metal back, peeling
away the first layer.
Akechi inspects his hands as Okumura makes a sputtering noise, along with some incoherent
protests.
“I know this is hurting you,” Akechi says disinterestedly, “There’s an easy way to-”
“Fine! Fine!” Okumura’s shadow snaps, and the door opens unceremoniously, “Wreak your
havoc, but stay the hell away from me!”
From the hall behind the door, a hoard of shadows rushes around the corner, shouting praise
for their master and surging forwards with reckless abandon.
Akechi’s lip curls into a knife sharp smirk.
Good, he thinks, let them come.
***
A few minutes earlier, Sumire was at the same train station that Akechi was at.
Pure coincidence, funnily enough. She hadn’t even been looking for him that time. But, she
isn’t going to pass up the opportunity, now that it has presented itself.
She follows him all the way to a tall office building, jogging to keep up. She looks up, and-

Okumura Foods?
Wait, but, thenSumire’s fears are confirmed as she feels the world shift, the small plaza being replaced by a
futuristic looking lobby, with floor-to-ceiling windows that create a view out into,
…the expanse of space.
Okay.
Sumire’s eyes are like saucers as she takes in the view. That’s… quite the delusion Okumura
has. Sumire stares for a beat, distracted, before breathing in sharply and shaking her head
furiously.
Akechi- what the hell is Akechi doing here? Sumire’s hands shake as she runs through every
worst-case scenario; was her prediction of an October deadline wrong? Is Akechi headed to
kill Okumura now? But she can’t“H-huh?!” A voice squeaks.
Sumire whips around, and gapes at Haru, who is standing stiffly in the middle of the room,
looking wildly between the space-port view and Sumire in her Metaverse outfit.
“Um!” Sumire starts.
Shit.
“S-Sumi-chan?” Haru asks, voice trembling, “Is that you? What’s-?” She’s cut off by a crash
from somewhere deeper in the palace.
“Uh, so-!” Sumire stutters. She needs to get moving now, “Remember how I said one of my
friends might do something really dumb if I didn’t talk to them?”
Haru looks bewildered, “Can you please just explain what’s going on first-”
“This is the dumb thing,” Sumire interrupts, “I can give you the gist in a bit, but right now I
have to go.”
But, Sumire can’t just leave Haru here, can she? She doesn’t have a persona, can’t defend
herself if something goes wrong, and if Sumire sends her back out into reality, Haru might
already have the Nav and be able to come back on her own anyway, so,
Damnit.
“Just follow me!” Sumire says, she hopes reassuringly, as she grabs Haru’s hand and darts
forwards.
“What-?” Haru yelps as she gets tugged along, “Sumi-chan!”

“I’ll explain on the way!” Sumire stumbles to a stop as they encounter an elevator
mechanism in the first room. She quickly pulls the lever and the two start to descend, “So
basically, I’m pretty sure this is your dad’s heart?”
Haru stares at her blankly.
“Uh, one second,” Sumire pulls out her phone, and- right:
Candidate: Kunikazu Okumura, Location: Okumura Foods HQ, Distortion: Space Station.
Sumire shoves her phone in Haru’s face, “So, yes- this is another world called the Metaverse,
and it’s based on other people’s hearts.” She babbles, trying to think of a way to explain as
quickly as possible, “So this is how your dad sees the world, basically.”
Haru gapes, “I…”
“Don’t worry!” Sumire waves her hands, and jumps off the elevator as it reaches its
destination, Haru quickly following, “I didn’t get it at first either.”
“I’m so confused,” Haru whispers, clearly overwhelmed, “I just saw Akechi-kun near
Okumura Foods, and I walked up to say hi, but then the world went all…” she gestures
vaguely.
“Right, so,” Sumire quickly walks forward, but stops abruptly when she sees the trail of
destruction that litters the hall in front of them. Scorch marks and cleaving gashes are
scattered haphazardly around the walls, and the lingering remains of shadow corpses twitch
and dissolve into oozing puddles on the floor.
Haru looks even more horrified.
“So,” Sumire says, for what must be the fifth time, “I think Akechi did that,” she steps
around a pile of black ooze.
“Sumi-chan,” Haru says, regaining her composure, gaining a serious edge in her voice, “I
think I have to accept that I’m not going to understand what’s happening until you can sit
down and properly explain, but I need you to tell me what’s going on right at this moment.”
Sumire nods quickly. Right. Yes, that will help. “We need to find where Akechi is, and figure
out, um,” Sumire bites her lip, “Either what he’s doing, or how to stop him.”
Haru’s eyes widen, “You said this is my father’s heart?”
“Yes,” Sumire nods encouragingly.
Haru looks at the ground and bites her lip, “Does Akechi-kun want something with my
father?”
Sumire winces. Might be best to ease her into the murder thing a bit later. “I’m not sure,”
Sumire says, because she really isn’t.

They move past the hallway, and enter a large room with a projection sitting in the centre.
Sumire skims over the hologram (A burger bun? Really?) and perks up when she sees a door
on the other end of the room.
She jogs over to it, and stands still as the scrolling text above the door flashes.
Biometric authentication lock, it blinks, Access denied.
Sumire hisses a breath between her teeth.
“What’s wrong?” Haru asks from the side.
“We need to get through this door,” Sumire says, pressing her hand against it in a futile
attempt. She jumps back suddenly when a resounding crash echoes from behind the door,
followed by a rasping cackle and robotic shouts.
Ah. That’s familiar.
“W-what was that?!” Haru gasps, freezing in place, “Was that-?” Her eyes widen as she
seems to put together the only other person they know of in the palace.
“Yep,” Sumire laughs awkwardly, “Uh, don’t worry, that’s normal. For him.”
But- damnit, that sounded like a lot of shadows. Even Akechi, as strong and, well, borderline
insane as he is- can he take on that many?
What if something happens to him -or Okumura- because Sumire can’t get past this damn
doorHaru steps forward, putting a hand on Sumire’s shoulder, “Are you-?”
She gets cut off, as the door shoots open. Both girls jump, and stare, wide-eyed, at the freshly
glowing Access Granted that flashes above the door.
Sumire breathes a sigh of relief, and grabs Haru’s hand again, pulling her through the door.
“Piece of shit!” Akechi’s voice echoes from farther down the tunnel, and Sumire runs a little
faster.
“Is he okay?” Haru gasps, nearly tripping over her own feet.
“I don’t know,” Sumire puts a hand on her rapier, as she sees the pile of shadows start to get a
little higher.
She bursts into another room, and sees the looming form of Loki crash down into some
robots that she assumes are cognitions. Akechi himself is half slumped against the far wall,
breathing laboured, as he spits vitriol at the encroaching shadows.
“Come on!” He shouts at the air, and uses another physical skill, the recoil forcing his body
further down the wall.

Sumire dashes forward, throwing off her mask with one hand, and pulling Haru along with
the other, “Ella!” She calls, “Diarahan!”
Akechi’s head snaps up as a green light encases his body, and Sumire can see a snarl form
beneath his helmet. “Yoshizawa?” He spits, “What the fuck are you doing here?”
“What-?” Haru speaks up, and Akechi lets out a growl of frustration when he sees her.
“You brought her here?” He hisses, pushing off the wall into a proper battle stance.
Sumire falls into step with him, and ushers Haru behind them, “You’re the one who activated
the Nav!” She protests, sending Ella for a room-wide bless spell, pushing the enemy line
back to a more comfortable distance.
“Riot gun!” Akechi shouts as follow up, then turns back to Sumire, “That doesn’t explain
why you didn’t turn the fuck around!”
“Well!” Sumire starts, then yelps as she dodges psychokinesis spell from a shadow, “Clearly
you needed help!”
Akechi looks like he’s about to say more, but he spots Haru again and sneers, “We’re talking
about this later,” he snipes a few of the cognition robots that are beginning to pile up.
Sumire opens her mouth to respond, but gets cut off.
“What the hell do you want, black mask?!” The muffled voice of Kunikazu Okumura shouts,
as his shadow marches into the room, complete with an astronaut’s suit and blue skin.
Sumire blinks, baffled.
The shadow leers from the other end of the room, eyes narrowing when he sees Sumire,
“More of you?” He scoffs, and spots Haru behind them, “Haru, what are you doing here?
Why are you associating with low lives such as these?”
“Huh…?” Haru exclaims softly.
Akechi hisses, “Great…”, and Sumire has to agree with the sentiment.
***
Haru has never been more confused in her life.
She was confused, perhaps, when her father suddenly stopped showing up to her ballet
recitals one day, when she was young. But, she could understand- her father is a busy man, it
makes sense if he suddenly doesn’t have time for his only daughter.
She was also confused, in a way, when her father announced that she was engaged. A
business move, he explained, and Haru simply nodded her head and murmured her assent.
She wasn’t confused for long, because that’s just how it is in the upper echelons of society.
The only wonder is that it didn’t happen sooner.

But she could understand all of that. All of that falls within reality as she knows it- it doesn’t
matter if it hurts, or makes her so angry thatHaru never prepared to encounter some golden-eyed version of her father in an astronaut’s
suit, while her only two friends wear similarly ridiculous outfits, in a space station that
appeared out of nowhere, because that’s not the kind of thing that happens in the real world.
Haru can see Sumire’s eyes flick back and forth between Haru and her father, worry painting
her expression. Akechi, though Haru can’t see his face through his helmet, is standing very
still, hand hovering over the gun at his hip.
“Father…?” Haru whispers.
“That’s not the real him,” Akechi says sharply, “It’s his shadow. All his thoughts and
emotions, but anything you say to him won’t carry through to the real world.”
Sumire nods enthusiastically in confirmation.
Haru stares, and takes a tentative step forward.
“Father,” she starts, “This is… your heart? All of this?”
Is it really true? All the production lines manned by robots braded with the Big Bang Burger
logo- Haru can guess what it symbolises, she’s heard the rumours about the family company.
Her father smirks, “Before you is my legacy! All of my success, everything I’ve earned, it’s all
a steppingstone for my journey into the next frontier, the political world!”
“Is that how you see all of this?” Haru murmurs quietly, “Just something to throw away once
something better comes along?”
“Why are you questioning me, Haru?” Her father snaps, “It’s your job to obey me!”
“What?” Sumire exclaims, disgust creeping into her voice, “She isn’t- Haru isn’t your
property!” She insists.
“It’s useless arguing with these things,” Akechi drawls flatly, “There’s only one language
they understand, and it isn’t words.”
Sumire shoots him a helpless look, and Haru takes the opportunity to take another step
forward.
“Father,” she tries again, “Why have you become like this? Don’t you remember?” She
clasps her hands to her chest, “You used to love making people happy, and you loved
grandfather’s café…”
“Those who cannot seize opportunities when they are presented get left in the gutter,” her
father sneers, “Such idle dreams never helped anyone.”

Haru bites her lip, “But why go so far?” She takes another step forward, “We already have so
much, why do you want more?”
Why do you never have time for me, she doesn’t say, because she feels it’s childish. Why do I
have to get married, she forces down, because she’s afraid of the answer.
Her father laughs, “Why? Why not!” He exclaims, a bright grin capturing his face.
“So you would really betray grandfather’s wish for this company?” Haru says, voice raising,
“Why do you-”
She’s cut off as her father scoffs, “Betrayal? Betrayal is in our family name! it’s the only way
to get ahead.”
“Okumura-san,” A new voice speaks, and Haru goes still, “You’re being far too lenient with
her. Why are you letting her challenge your ideals like this?”
“Him…?” Haru gasps, as her fiancé steps out from behind her father, “But how is he?”
“He’s not real either,” Akechi cuts in, “He’s just your father’s cognition of him.”
Haru nods, still confused, and feet still rooted to the ground.
“You’re right, Sugimura,” He father snaps, “This is hardly how my Haru would act,
associating with liars and assassins,” he sneers, before a leering smirk spreads on his face,
“Unless, Haru- of course! You’re here to turn in my enemy’s dogs for disposal! You truly live
up to the family name!”
“No,” Haru whispers.
Her father scoffs, “Then you’re of no use to me.” He turns to Sugimura, “Deal with them
how you wish.”
Sugimura’s lips twitch up in a disgusting smile, “Of course.”
He starts to stalk forward, and Haru shakes, fists clenched.
How dare he?
So she’s worthless? Only because she won’t sell out her only friends, she has no value? No
potential for gain?
“You’re foul.” Haru sneers.
All that she’s done, everything that she’s tried to do to get her father back- it’s all been for
nothing, because she missed the point. Her father was never going to return to being his oncekind self, certainly not by Haru’s efforts, because she can’t be traded for goods and services.
Or, well, that’s not entirely true, Haru thinks, her nails digging into her palms, because she
can still be traded for the purposes of some sick man, who only wants her as a plaything.

“Come now, Haru,” Sugimura says, leaning forward, “That’s not a very pretty face. Why
don’t you-”
Haru cuts him off, her clenched fist connecting with his jaw as she spits a guttural shout.
Sugimura gasps, and shrieks, “You bitch-!”
“No,” Haru rasps, voice haggard, fist still raised, “I’m not your goddamn toy.”
Sugimura goes to say something, but not beforeTime slows, the room stills, andThe sharpest pain that Haru could have ever imagined lances through her skull.
Dear princess, have you finally opened your eyes?
Haru falls to her knees with a shriek, grasping at her scalp.
Do you see, now? How they look at you?
Haru gasps out choked sobs as she can feel her throat tightening, the pain in her head doesn’t
ebb, and spreads, inch by inch, down her spine, ribs, lungs,
They’ll measure your limbs and weigh your organs, all to see if they can get a pretty penny
if they sell it all away. But then what will be left of you?
“I- I don’t-” Haru whispers, voice wet and cracking. Something pulses between her eyes, her
veins on fire, and sheThey’ve betrayed your love, your loyalty. But you want to get back at them, don’t you?
“Yes,” Haru snarls, her legs buckling beneath her as she tries to stand again,
The voice laughs daintily,
Very good!
We’ll betray them all, you and I, when they least expect it.
Do you accept these terms?
“I accept!” Haru gasps, finally stumbling to her feet. The pain is so white hot now, that she
can barely feel it- but there’s something on her face and she needs to get it offThen call my name! I am thou, thou art I.
With beauty and grace, cut your way to freedom- no matter what may stand in your path!
“Milady!” Haru screams, her nails digging around her eyes, as she finally rips off the mask
in a spray of blood.

The cognition of Sugimura dies in in the shockwave, and, ha,
Haru isn’t confused, anymore.

Chapter End Notes

Boy oh boy.
/Now/ that canon divergence is starting to hit. Sumire doesn't know much about the
thieves pre-Maruki, but she's /pretty/ sure this wasn't supposed to happen.
In regards to the door in Okumura's palace- though it's never stated in-game, I suspect
that there's another way to get around cognitive locks in palaces beyond meeting the
requirements or altering the ruler's cognition. I would assume that in canon, neither
Madarame nor Okumura would be thrilled about letting Akechi further into their
palaces, and yet he /definitely/ got pretty far into Okumura's, and it's implied he scouted
all of Madarame's.
The solution that I've made up here is essentially 'brute force', a method which the
thieves haven't thought to try, but Wakaba and Akechi definitely would have. I would
consider the downsides to such a method would be /drastically/ increasing the security
level in the palace, and maybe setting the real-world ruler on edge. Akechi would never
attempt brute force in a palace like Shido's- too much risk involved there.
On a completely unrelated note, I caved and got tumblr.
Come say hi!

tumblr

instagram

Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 3
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 4
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 3
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 3
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 5
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 4

Chapter 23
Chapter Summary

Haru joins the party, Sumire gets a take two, and Akechi makes some progress on being
less difficult.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire stares in awe at Haru, whose awakening has just cut their enemy numbers by half.
The only two awakenings Sumire has been present for have been her own, and one of them
wasn’t even real.
She’s definitely impressed.
She snaps out of her trance when Akechi lets out a low huff of frustration next to her, “Great,
wonderful- can we go?”
“R-right!” Sumire stammers, “Haru-senpai!” she calls.
Haru, in her newly acquired metaverse clothes, whips around, wide eyed. She’s gripping the
axe that just formed in her hands very tightly, looking more than ready to tear into whatever
unfortunate fool may cross her path, “Yes?” She responds, sounding rather calm.
“We need to retreat,” Akechi snaps, “These cognitions are endless. we can fight all we want,
but we won’t make progress like this.”
“And who’s the one who picked a fight?” Sumire mumbles.
Akechi’s head snaps up to look at her, “Something to say, Yoshizawa?” He says sweetly.
“Aren’t we leaving?” Haru cuts in, already across the room.
Sumire flinches, and starts running, while Akechi mutters under his breath, trailing behind.
The first thing Sumire does once the three of them return to reality, in a dark corner of the
Okumura Foods HQ gardens, is shove Akechi in the chest as hard as she can.
The second thing she does, before he can even look affronted, is throw her arms around him
in a tight hug.
Akechi stiffens, and makes no move to reciprocate.
“You’re a jerk.” Sumire sniffs into his chest, “You could’ve died.”

“I can take care of myself, Yoshizawa.” Akechi says tightly, still not leaning into the hug.
“You looked rather injured when we found you, actually.” Haru corrects softly, and Sumire
nods furiously.
Akechi is silent for a beat, before he sighs, “We shouldn’t talk here.” He says curtly, “We
look suspicious, just standing around.”
Sumire finally breaks the hug, “Mementos?” She asks, quickly wiping her eyes.
“Sure.” Akechi says, taking out his phone.
“Mementos-?” Haru gets about halfway through asking, before the world shifts and the sky
tints red and black, the few people who were in the plaza suddenly vanishing into thin air.
“Huh?” Haru gasps, looking around frantically.
Sumire jogs over to a bench and sits down, patting the seat next to her. Haru blinks, but
obliges. Akechi stands in front of them, folding his arms with a huff. Sumire thinks it’s
definitely for the best that their Metaverse outfits don’t appear in the top layer of Mementosit would definitely be a bit intimidating, while they’re trying to explain.
“So!” Sumire starts, “This is Mementos.”
Haru nods slowly, looking like all the shocks of today are starting to catch up to her.
“Or more accurately,” Akechi speaks up, “this is a branch of a world called the ‘Metaverse’, a
physical manifestation of people’s hearts.”
Some understanding dawns on Haru’s face, “Right…” she frowns, “This is different from
where we were before, though?”
“That was your dad’s palace.” Sumire pipes up to explain, “So, how he sees the world, and
everything. Mementos is, um…” she stumbles over her words, thinking of how to describe
something she doesn’t fully understand herself.
“Think of it as the mixed cognitions of the general public.” Akechi cuts in flatly, looking
disinterested.
Haru hums, “I think I’m starting to understand a bit better…” she looks contemplative for a
beat, “What about my… persona, was it? Milady?”
Sumire brightens and clasps her hands together, “Your awakening was so amazing, Harusenpai! I’ve never seen anyone else awaken, before!”
Haru beams in response, “Thank you! That’s very kind, Sumi-chan.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “To answer your question, a persona is…” he trails off, and appears to
mull it over.

Sumire tilts her head questioningly, and when she gets no reaction, goes to answer in his
stead, “It’s you, basically. Your soul. So that’s what Milady represents for you.”
Haru’s eyes widen “I see… and you both have personas too?”
“Yes!” Sumire smiles cheerfully, “Mine is Ella. Like from Cinderella.”
“Oh! That’s very fitting.” Haru giggles, and Sumire can feel Ella glow warmly with pride.
Haru frowns suddenly, “… what about my father?” She asks softly, “You said that he wasn’t
real, right? Or my… fiancé.”
Sumire feels a bolt of alarm at the knowledge that Haru is engaged, especially considering
how the cognition of the man acted within the palace. Akechi doesn’t seem to take the news
with any particular shock, and Sumire wonders if he already knew, “Right,” he starts,
“Neither of them will remember anything in the real world. And your fiancé is also still alive,
unfortunately.”
A sharp, conspiratorial smile splits Haru’s face at that, and she dissolves into laughter.
Akechi’s lip twitches like he’s holding back a smile of his own, before he schools his
expression again, “It’s a little more complicated than just that, of course, but we might be
here a while if I went into all of it here.”
“But we will explain later though!” Sumire says reassuringly.
Haru nods, looking grateful, “Right…” a look suddenly shadows her face, and she looks
nervously between the two of them. “I was distracted in the moment,” she starts tentatively,
“But my father said something… he called you both… assassins?”
Sumire stiffens, and bites her lip. Akechi doesn’t seem to react at all, simply looking
disimpassioned.
Sumire looks back and forth quickly, “Uh, well…” she starts, silently cursing Akechi for not
lending her a hand, “I’m not… that.”
“But?” Haru’s eyes narrow as she clearly starts to catch on.
Sumire glances at Akechi, who is still expressing no emotion in particular.
Haru follows her gaze, “Oh!” She exclaims politely, “Then… Akechi-kun, the other day,
when you asked about my father, were you…?” Her face hardens slightly, and her words
grow sharper.
Akechi lets out a small huff of breath through his nose, but otherwise says nothing.
Sumire winces, but takes the opportunity to push, “Akechi… were you in Okumura’s palace
today to, well-?” She isn’t sure if she’ll like the answer.
Akechi sneers, “Well.” He says curtly, “Since we’re talking about this frankly, No. Not
today.” Sumire breathes a sigh of relief, and she can hear Haru do the same to her side. He

turns his head, growing tense, “But if you two want to try and stop me in the future, then you
may want to get the fight over with now.”
Sumire stands up abruptly, feeling a rush of frustration. She’s absolutely not letting this
conversation be a repeat of last time.
“No! When will you listen to me!” She snaps, surprising herself, “I know there’s more to this!
I know that you wouldn’t just… kill people for no reason!”
Akechi glares, looking mildly surprised at her outburst, “And what gives you that
impression?” He snarls, “Give it up, Yoshizawa. I’m a murderer, and there’s nothing that will
change that just because you were too foolish to realise it sooner.”
Sumire shakes her head furiously, “That’s not what this is!” She insists, “I’m just giving you
the opportunity to explain yourself!” She bites her lip as she can feel tears pricking at her
eyes again.
Akechi scoffs, rolling his eyes, “And do I owe you an explanation? Will you let me get back
to killing people in cold blood so long as I have a good reason for it? Are you really that
daft?”
“Guys…” Haru tries to cut in, looking alarmed.
“Are you being difficult on purpose?” Sumire shouts, voice breaking, “Do you think I’ll
abandon you if I know the truth? I’m telling you here, I won’t!”
The curl in Akechi’s lip grows harsher, and he stares her down. He doesn’t seem to have
anything to say to that, though, as he stays silent.
Sumire takes a deep, shaky breath. “You work for Shido, right?” She pushes, steadying her
voice.
Haru blinks, confusion contorting her face, “huh? The politician?”
Sumire keeps looking at Akechi, “But… you don’t seem to like him. At all. So, why…?” She
trails off, and gives him a hopeful look as he’s yet to interrupt.
Several warring emotions seem to pass across Akechi’s face, as he glares at Sumire. “…
Fine.” He growls, and then sighs. He folds his arms tightly, picking at his sleeves absently.
“He’s… my father.” He eventually says, stiltedly, “I’m his bastard son.” He spits, and
Sumire’s face slackens in shock.
Haru seems to be experiencing much of the same, “Wait…” she whispers.
Akechi clenches his fists as he continues, “I’m doing his… dirty work,” he sneers, and turns
his glare at the ground, “Because it’s the best way that I can get closer to him.”
Haru lets out a soft sigh, “Do you… want him to care about you?” She asks.

Akechi’s eyes snap up again, “No.” He snarls, eyes flashing, “I’m getting close to him so that
I can destroy him at his peak.”
Sumire’s jaw clicks back together, “Wait, you mean-”
“I’m doing all this,” Akechi continues, face contorting, “Because I want revenge, and I don’t
care what I have to do to get it.” He waves his arms stiffly, “So, there.”
In the silence that follows that declaration, Sumire slowly sits back down. She blinks,
opening and closing her mouth, thinking of what to say.
She can’t say that she should have seen this coming, because she doesn’t know how she
could have.
“…why is it that you want revenge?” Haru eventually asks, tentative.
Akechi looks like he’s about to snap at her, before he deflates, “…My mother, mostly.” He
admits quietly, “She… well. It’s not important.”
Haru hums softly, “I see.” She looks contemplative for a beat, “…Do you really want to be
doing this, or can you just not stop?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “What?” He doesn’t really seem to be asking.
“Do you really not care, or do you not have a choice?” Haru continues anyway, ignoring the
warning laced in Akechi’s tone, “What are the consequences if you tried to quit?”
Akechi’s lip curls again, as he glares down at her.
Haru meets his gaze calmly, and nods, “So you’re trapped, then.”
“What the hell do you know?” Akechi spits, sneering, “Does it matter if I don’t have a
choice? It was always my choice to start this, and even if I could leave now, I wouldn’t.”
Sumire looks up at him pleadingly, “Is that really true? How old were you when you first…?”
Killed someone, she doesn’t say.
Akechi gets the idea anyway. “…Fifteen.” He says, not looking at her and quietly enough that
she almost doesn’t hear it.
Sumire shifts forward, “When you were fifteen, did you really want to become a murderer?”
Akechi just stares at her, face impassive once again.
Haru looks between them, back and forth, and her eyes gain a calculating gleam, “The way I
see it,” she starts, turning to Akechi, “Is that the faster you get your revenge, the faster you’ll
be free, right?”
Akechi blinks, “What?”

“So,” Haru continues, a smile spreading on her lips, “If Sumi-chan and I helped you, then
you-”
Akechi cuts her off with a growl, “Are you fucking insane?” He looks at the ground,
shoulders tensed, “You’re not seriously saying you’d be willing to become murderers for
some bullshit-”
Haru cuts him off, “No, but we can figure out ways that you won’t have to kill as often, and
keep you safe while we’re at it.” She smiles up at him cheerfully.
Sumire nods quickly, trying to hide her shock, “Right!”
“We’re your friends, Akechi-kun,” Haru says seriously, standing up and taking a step
forward, “And if you need help, then I’m more than willing to give it.”
“So am I.” Sumire says confidently, quickly moving to stand beside Haru.
Akechi stares at both of them, shock and confusion painting his expression. He bites his lip,
and then scoffs at the ground, “…You’re both ridiculous.” He says softly.
Sumire beams, “Is that a yes, then?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Do whatever the hell you want.” He says flatly, and Sumire knows he
means yes.
“Wonderful!” Haru claps her hands together.
Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose, exasperation catching up to him, “How do you even
plan on doing anything? You don’t know anything about the Metaverse, and neither of you
know anything about the inner workings of the conspiracy.”
Haru’s smile is unabating, “Well, that’s where you and Sumi-chan come in! I’m sure we can
all share our knowledge.” Akechi shoots her a glare, and she barely blinks.
Sumire pauses, “Also, wow, a whole conspiracy?”
“Having second thoughts?” Akechi deadpans, resigned, like he already knows the answer.
Sumire grins, “Not a chance!”
Akechi sighs wearily, “I’m starting to get that, yes.”
Sumire huffs a delighted laugh. She’s practically on cloud nine after how well this went in
comparison to last time.
She fixed her mistake. She’s got Haru on her side. She can help.
Haru speaks up, “Well! It’s getting late, and we’re all tired, so how about we head home, and
meet up soon to discuss more?”

Sumire nods gratefully, aware of how late it’s getting, “That sounds good! Oh, and Harusenpai, you can leave the Metaverse with the app that should have just appeared on your
phone.”
Haru blinks, “An app?” She takes her phone out of her pocket and scans the homepage,
“Oh!” She exclaims, “There is one here. How strange, another world accessed through a
phone app… “
“Yes, yes,” Akechi cuts across, waving his hand dismissively, “it’s all very weird. I’ll be
leaving, now.”
Sumire gives him a sympathetic glance, “Tired?”
“Fucking exhausted.” Akechi says, turning on his heel and stalking off.
(Meanwhile, in Akechi’s mind, he hears the breaking of chains,
I am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Fool arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of rebellion,
and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
When the world settles back into place, he’s confused, at first.
The Fool? With who? He already has the Magician and Strength with Sumire and Haru
respectively, so who could this represent?
He gives the bond an experimental tug, and raises his eyebrows at the veritable chord he gets
back in response.
The three of them, then.
He smirks wryly to himself. The Fool, hm?)
***
While Akechi makes his way through the top layer of Mementos, he hears a voice call out
after him.
“Akechi-kun!” Haru calls, jogging after him.
Akechi sighs, and turns around. “Is there a reason you’ve chased after me now, Haru-san,
rather than waiting patiently for the next time we meet?” He says, making an effort to not
sound too curt, despite having given up on his mask of pleasantries.

Haru giggles, apparently amused by his attempts, “I just wanted to continue our conversation
from when you helped me buy gardening supplies.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Oh? I was under the impression that you hated that particular
topic.”
“Well, I was a bit uncomfortable when you pushed it.” Haru admits, wringing her hands
together. She frowns, “Perhaps this is overstepping, but, were you trying to convince me that
I’d be better off without my father, that day?”
Was he? A good question.
There was a part of him, maybe, that felt… averse to the idea that he would have to hurt Haru
in that way.
(Maybe, a part of him thought that if he made her realise she’d be better off, then the wound
wouldn’t sting as much, when he inevitably had to cut it.)
“…Perhaps subconsciously.” He chooses to say, “But ultimately, I was genuinely curious as
to why you have respect for a man that treats you like dirt, no matter your blood connection.”
Haru nods solemnly “Hm.” She looks down, “At the time, I thought that the fact he was my
father was enough. I… didn’t like how he treated, treats, me- but I thought that…”
“That you were enough?” Akechi cuts in quietly, not thinking about porcelain white and
honey brown stained with crimson.
Haru nods, a small smile worming its way onto her face, “Something like that, yes.” She
looks downcast, “I thought that maybe I could be the one to remind my father of how he used
to be, of the way he used to love the family business when it was just that- ‘the family
business’.”
“And?” Akechi prompts.
Haru blinks, and looks confused, “Huh?”
Akechi huffs, “Admittedly, your persona awakening is the only awakening besides my own
that I’ve been present for, so it’s not like I have a large sample size.” He prefaces, “But, you
didn’t awaken when your father expressed his insatiable greed.” He tilts his head at her,
narrowing his eyes.
Haru smiles wryly, “Ha, so you noticed?” She threads her fingers together, “I suppose it is a
bit selfish of me, but I only snapped when I realised that I wasn’t enough.” She huffs, and her
voice tinges with some venom, “At first, I wanted to blame myself, but then that creep started
talking, and then I heard Milady’s voice, and, well… I guess when I realised there wasn’t a
point, anymore, to me just lying down and taking it. I wanted to get back at him.” She looks
up again, determination painting her features.
Akechi hums dispassionately, “I don’t think that it’s selfish, for you to want to be free from
that.”

Haru lets out a sad laugh, “Isn’t it? I didn’t care what my father had become, until I realised
that I wasn’t exempt. I knew how terribly he was treating his employees, and I knew it was
awful, but I felt so distant from it.”
Akechi shrugs, and tilts his head consideringly, “Maybe it is selfish.” He concedes, “But I
don’t think that’s bad, either. Do you feel the urge to go crawling back to your piece of shit
fiancé just because it might make you a ‘better person’ in some intangible book of morals?”
Haru looks up sharply, “No. I’ll never subject myself to that again. I know what I’m worth.”
Akechi cocks an eyebrow, “Do you?”
Haru’s steel deflates slightly, “Hm?”
“If that were the case,” Akechi starts, a sardonic lilt to his tone, “Then why subject yourself
to working with a murderer?”
Haru smiles cheerfully, “Because I want to!” She smiles wider at Akechi’s responding glare,
“Neither Sumi-chan or I were lying when we said we wanted to help. Don’t think of it as pity,
either,” She cuts in, clearly seeing something bloom in Akechi’s expression, “It’s definitely
not that.”
Akechi scoffs, “Then why?”
Haru hums, considering, “If you have to have a reason for it,” She says slowly, “then think of
it as repaying a debt!”
Akechi rolls his eyes. Bullshit. He hasn’t even done anything, “Sure. Whatever.” He looks
her up and down, “…You seem awfully unphased at the idea of murder.” He points out.
Haru presses her lips together, “Well… I know it isn’t morally correct, or anything, but…”
Her voice lowers to a whisper, and she leans in slightly, “Is it strange to say that I don’t really
care?”
Akechi blinks, wondering if he misheard her, “I’m sorry?”
“Not that I would kill anyone!” Haru quickly says, waving her hands in front of her, “But…
maybe it’s because I don’t know them, but I know you, and I like being your friend.” She
giggles softly, “I think that might make me a bad person, but…”
Akechi shakes his head. “You and Sumire are both fucking insane.” He says flatly.
Haru beams, taking it like the compliment it decidedly isn’t, “I think it’s also because I know
you’re trapped. You can say you chose this all you like, but… you were fifteen, and you can’t
leave, whether you want to or not.”
Akechi sneers. How many times does he have to say it before the point gets through these
people’s thick skulls? “I’ve still killed people. Turned others insane.” He drawls, and then
gives a mean smirk, “You can’t seriously say that my occupation wouldn’t bother you if I
ever got around to killing your father.”

Haru frowns, and looks to be lost in thought, “…I would be upset, if you did that.” She says
seriously, before perking up with a smile that comes across as a threat, “But, that just means
we’ll have to try and avoid it, right?”
Akechi shrugs. “You can try.”
Haru nods happily, “I certainly can.” She stifles a small laugh behind her hand, and flashes
him a sympathetic look, “I know that this is all a lot, Akechi-kun. I honestly don’t think I’ll
be getting much sleep tonight, when I get around to processing all of this.”
Akechi snorts, “Tell me about it. I was lost as hell when I first awakened my personas.”
“Personas?” Haru cocks her head, looking confused.
Akechi blinks, “I- yes.” He forces himself not to trip over his words, “I have two.” He
admits, surprising himself with how readily he gave up the information.
Haru’s eyes widen in wonder, “Oh! I didn’t realise that was a thing!” She smiles, “Though,
who am I to say what’s normal when I’ve only learned about all of this this evening? What
are their names, if you don’t mind me asking?”
Akechi shrugs in answer, “The one you saw in the palace was Loki. The other is Robin
Hood.” He says dully, eager to move on.
Haru clasps her hands together, “They sound very cool!” She exclaims, sounding entirely
genuine, “And very different from each other. But I suppose it makes sense.”
Akechi looks at her incredulously, “You seem unphased by…” He gestures vaguely to
himself, “All of this.”
Haru’s smile turns sharp, and a little smug, “Well, I think I got the gist that there was more to
you when you agreed to help me spite my fiancé.”
“Ah.” Akechi says dispassionately, “I must be slipping.”
Haru giggles, “I like this side of you, though.” She says as her cheer dies down, “I think
you’d find that other people would, too, if you let them see.”
Akechi finds that unlikely. Sumire and Haru are just weird. “…Perhaps.” He says anyway, to
placate her.
He can feel the Strength reach rank four in his chest.
Haru gives him a soft look, like she knows he doesn’t believe her, “Well, anyway,” She says,
“I should probably head back. It’s rather late.”
Akechi nods stiffly, “Yes.” He throws up a wave, “I’ll see you later, Haru-san.”
Haru returns the wave, “You too, Akechi-kun.”

***
The day after, Akechi still feels restless.
How could he not, with everything that has been revealed against his will?
He thinks that both Sumire and Haru are absolute fools for simply nodding and smiling at the
revelation that he’s a literal murderer.
The concept of taking someone else’s life doesn’t shock him, or ignite a sense of dread like it
used to. That stopped happening a long time ago. That doesn’t explain why Haru and Sumire
are so desensitised, though.
They’d probably take a hint if they ever saw what happened to the people Akechi killed in
person, or if he killed someone close to them.
Perhaps Haru was right in her insights- maybe it’s their selfishness that allows them to sleep
soundly at night, despite having just damned themselves to being accomplices.
Akechi can’t quite comprehend why they would choose Akechi over literally any other
option, but he supposes that at some point he should stop complaining.
You won’t. Robin assures him dryly.
He won’t.
But, he can’t lie that with the new addition of the Fool arcana to his repertoire, he’s felt
calmer than he has in weeks. The newly spun thread holds all the others together, twisting
them in an orderly bundle, laying the foundations.
For what? The more conscious part of his brain asks. He gets no answers.
Akechi huffs to himself as he jogs down the steps of Mementos, waiting until he’s further in
to start pulling on the Star arcana.
He sits on the corner of one of the platforms, waiting, and doesn’t look up when he hears the
telltale sounds of José’s car, hauling stars and trinkets on its back.
“Oh, Mister!” José exclaims, jumping down from the driver’s seat, “It’s been a while! Are
you feeling better?”
Akechi narrows his eyes at the question, “What?”
“Well last time we talked to each other, you seemed really angry,” José points out matter-offactly.
Ah, right. The last time Akechi spoke to José would have been just after he formed the Devil
arcana. He’s still not happy about that.

“And then,” José continues over Akechi’s thoughts, “I could feel you trying to push your
bonds away.” He laughs, “Well, I could feel you trying to push my bond away, but I couldn’t
think of any reason that I would have upset you, so I assumed you were doing it to
everyone.”
Akechi snorts. “That’s a rather simplistic assumption to make.”
José frowns, “But if I didn’t do anything to upset you, then why would you only be mad at
me?”
Akechi shrugs, “Human emotions aren’t quite as neat and tidy as you’re attempting to
categorise them as. Though,” he continues, when José looks downcast, “Your assumption was
correct, this time.”
José brightens, “Oh! I’m glad I got it right!” He scratches his head, “Humans sure are
complicated, though. Every time I learn something more, I just get more confused. How do
you humans all understand each other?”
“We don’t.” Akechi says flatly, “We think we understand things, but we’re all just as clueless
as you.”
José hums contemplatively, “Then… if you can’t understand each other, can you at least
understand yourself, Mister?”
Akechi goes to respond with a resounding ‘yes’, before he cuts himself off. He would argue,
ordinarily, that persona-users, by nature, have a far stronger sense of self than the average
person. Their core being is condensed into one representation, drawn equally from their own
heart and the hearts of the collective unconscious.
But, well, Akechi doesn’t have one persona. His soul didn’t even have the decency to awaken
at different times, so that he could at the very least attribute the fractured aspects of himself
to distinct parts of his life.
But, no. He has Robin Hood and Loki, who both want revenge and justice in equal measure,
and they can’t even be consistent about it.
WHERE’S THE FUN IN BEING PREDICTABLE?
We would be consistent if you only deigned to listen.
Case and point.
Akechi wonders if Amamiya has the same problem, with his veritable menagerie of personas.
“No.” Akechi eventually admits. “I don’t.”
“Oh.” José frowns. “I guess you are a wildcard. So it makes sense that you might have
trouble wrapping your head around all that potential.”

“I’m really not feeling the effects of this so-called ‘potential’.” Akechi says dryly, “The only
thing these bonds have really given me is heartburn, so far.”
“Oh, well, that’s because you’re supposed to use it for-” José cuts himself off with a frown,
“Huh. I… can’t remember?”
Akechi resists the urge to roll his eyes. These extra-dimensional beings have a habit of being
spectacularly unhelpful. “Well, tell me if you ever remember.” Akechi says.
José nods cheerfully, “Will do, Mister!” He squints in Akechi’s general direction, “But, hey,
you’ve really started collecting those things! You’ve even picked up the Fool!”
Akechi raises his eyebrows at that, “Is there some kind of significance to the Fool arcana in
particular?”
“Well, the Fool represents beginnings,” José explains, “It’s really important for wildcards,
since, you know, ‘Fool’s Journey’, and all that. So it’s kind of weird that it took you so long
to get it. But, it means that your journey has finally begun! This one, at least.”
“I see.” Akechi says with a huff. Fate has a funny sense of humour, if it’s decided that
Akechi’s journey has only begun now, three years down the line, once he’s picked up a
couple of idiotic accomplices.
He wonders what the Velvet Room’s opinion of all this is. Nothing good, he assumes, since
they’re the ones that have so vehemently insisted he ignore the arcana to begin with.
It’s ill advised, but Akechi finds himself trusting José’s information more than the Velvet
Room’s by a wide margin- if only because of the hum of the Star, that grows to rank four as
he thinks about it.
José smiles brightly, “Hey! We just got closer. You’re making some pretty good progress on
strengthening your bonds, too.”
“I aim to overachieve.” Akechi deadpans, and stands up to leave.
“You’re leaving?” José tilts his head, and then gives a big wave, “Well, see you later, Mister!
I’ll tell you if I remember what those bonds are for specifically.”
“Glad to hear it.” Akechi nods, and begins walking back to the entrance of Mementos.
He sighs to himself. One of these days, he’s going to have to stop pretending he’s even trying
to push these people away anymore.
***
Ren stares at the dead woman currently happily chatting away with her daughter.
This is insane. He probably should have seen this coming, what with everyone acting strange
at the shrine. But, even then, who the hell expects dead people to just start walking around
again like nothing’s wrong?

No one’s even acknowledging it. Just cheerfully bantering over new year’s food and coffee.
The last, and only, time that Ren ever saw Wakaba was-In the battle at the top of Futaba’s pyramid, which Ren snaps back to when he gets a side full
of sphinx paw, knocking him to the ground.
“Joker!” Morgana calls out.
“M’fine,” Ren grunts over the sounds of battle.
“Don’t lose focus!” Makoto shouts, emptying the rest of her bullets into the sphinx’s wings.
Ren hisses as he hauls himself back to his feet, “Right,” he says, trying to play it off, “Sorry.”
That’s concerning, Ren thinks as he dodges a blast of wind. It’s been a while since one of
these visions has caught him at a bad time, or been distracting enough to throw him off while
he’s in the Metaverse.
And its contents, too. The exact details of these visions often flit through his mind quite
rapidly, conveying the emotion more than the scenario.
Dread, understanding, sorrow, fear- those kinds of emotions more often than not.
And that’s nothing to say on his dreams that he’s sure are linked to the Aeon.
But this vision? This vision was rather forthcoming on what it was trying to convey- Wakaba
Isshiki having a cheerful discussion with Futaba at Leblanc.
Which is absolute nonsense, because Wakaba has been dead for two years, and staring up at
the circling sphinx above them is the first time that Ren has ever seen the woman’s face.
Are the visions just that, then? Complete nonsense? Should Ren forgo the assumption that
these are related to the Metaverse and actually ask Takemi to give him some diagnosis for
oddly specific hallucinations?
Yeah, he doubts that one, he thinks, as he feels the Aeon’s pull. It almost feels as though it’s
asking Ren to give it attention, which pulls a short laugh to his lips as he dodges another slam
from the sphinx’s paw.
He’ll have to ask the Velvet Room. They had nothing to say last time he asked about weird
visions, but maybe the addition of a new and mysterious bond will loosen up their lips.
***
When Futaba crumples back into the real world after speedrunning her personal growth, she
wants nothing more than to just collapse into a coma for the next month or so.
She doesn’t think it’s unreasonable. Frankly, she’d like to sleep for a year, but she’s been
known to compromise.

She can feel the pleasant buzz of Necronomicon as she slowly drifts off, not even bothering
to drag herself back to her room, instead just tucking her knees to her chest as she curls up in
front of Sojiro’s house. It’s kind of weird that her inner self is a book that actually looks like a
UFO, but, hey- it’s pretty cool, so who is she to complain?
Futaba almost slips entirely into sleep- but before she can, she gets a ping from
Necronomicon.
What? She whines internally. She’s in the real world, there’s no shadows here, she’s fineAnother ping.
Ugh. She scrunches her nose, and looks internally to see what’s up. She gets a whole lot of
vague, and thenOh.
That’s…
Futaba can’t be sure, but…
She doesn’t exactly have the camera feed for what was going down in her palace when the
thieves were infiltrating it- her shadow was separate enough from her for that to not transfer.
But now that her shadow has morphed into her persona, she gets a whole healthy heaping of
vibes to sort through from when there were people messing about in her brain.
She gets a whole lot of the warm fuzzies from when the thieves probably insisted to her
shadow that her mom’s death wasn’t her fault, andJust one little ping of maybe something more.
Weird.
Well, Futaba thinks as the grip of sleep begins to claim her again, she’ll bring it up later.

Chapter End Notes

I forgot to say this last time but:
sike, it's an accomplice au! Well, kind of.
Not exactly a surprise, persay, but hey! Haru's here to add to the fun now.
I don't have a better name for the Fool arcana other than just 'black mask trio', which is
what I've been reffering to this little group as in my head since I did my full plot outline
before I started writing this. Luckily the name is only going to show up in the confidants
list lol

Uhh, socials. come say hi!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 4
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 4
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 3
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 4
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 5
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 4
___
Akechi: I'm trapped in a government conspiracy by a tangled mess of both choice and
coercion, and the only way to leave is by somehow dealing with my shitty father
Sumire: Okay, so this is going to take a delicate balance of nuance and subtle
manipualtion in both the real world and the metaverse. We're going to have toHaru: We could just kill him! :)
Akechi: That works

Chapter 24
Chapter Summary

The Velvet Room makes a move, and the black masks hash some things out.

Chapter Notes

CW: implied suicidal ideation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ren blinks.
He’s surprised, for a beat, because he’s pretty sure his eyes were closed just a second ago, and
it’s pretty hard to blink when your eyes are already closed. He stares up at the ceiling and
takes in the familiar velvet blue, and lets out a small sigh at the sound of chains that start to
filter in, and resigns himself to having to sit up.
He really needed that sleep, too. Well, at least he has the opportunity to ask some questionsassuming Igor lets him get a word in, that is.
“Trickster,” Igor starts, already a bad sign, “How fares your thievery?”
“Just fine.” Ren grumbles as he hauls himself to his feet, “Thieving’s great. I, uh, had some
questions actually.”
“Our purpose is to further your rehabilitation,” Justine explains dispassionately, “We will do
our utmost to aid you if necessary.”
“Unless your question is really dumb!” Caroline cuts in, “Sometimes stupidity can’t be cured,
inmate.”
Ren graciously doesn’t point out exactly how forthcoming, or lack thereof, the Velvet Room
has been with information in the past.
“Yeah, great,” he says instead, “So, remember how I asked about weird visions I’ve been
having before?”
“I do recall.” Igor says.

“Well,” Ren rubs the back of his neck, “They keep happening. A lot. And I’ve been getting
dreams too.”
“We already told you we have no idea what you’re talking about!” Caroline snaps.
Justine flips through clipboard, “Perhaps you should seek the counsel of one of your world’s
‘general practitioners’.”
Ren resists the urge to roll his eyes. Asking Takemi for help is definitely a last resort, in his
book. He doesn’t need the woman thinking he’s more insane than she already does.
“Yeah, okay.” Ren bites his lip, “But… I think they’re linked to this weird bond that I have?
The Aeon.”
Igor’s eyes widen, somehow, and for a beat Ren is afraid they’re going to tumble right out of
his head. He lets out a low hum, while the twins exchange confused glances.
“The Aeon,” Igor starts, “Synonymous with the Judgement, in some decks. When drawn, the
card calls for understanding and reflection of the path taken, and truths yet uncovered.” He
laughs, “A fascinating development, indeed.”
“Do you know who it belongs to?” Ren pushes, leaning forward, “I can tell who all my other
bonds represent, but this one always comes up empty.”
“You can’t tell who it belongs to?” Justine murmurs, looking confused.
An uncharacteristically contemplative expression passes on Caroline’s face, “That’s…”
“You would do well to be wary of this particular bond, trickster.” Igor declares, tapping his
fingers rhythmically on his desk, “For this arcana, normally so intwined with uncovering
truths, to be so shrouded in mystery- I can only portend that it may hold disaster, and a key to
ruin.”
Ren’s eyes narrow of their own volition. Be wary of this bond in particular? It seems
counterintuitive, when all the Velvet Room has preached in the past is to grow his bonds, and
whatnot. And- doesn’t it make sense for a bond about seeking truth to be confusing and
mysterious at first? Ren wants answers, sure, but he has to concede that from what Igor is
telling him, being left in the dark sounds particularly on brand for this arcana.
There’s a small pull from the Aeon in his chest, and Ren supresses a twitch in his lips.
Ren looks between the twins, who are both in the middle of having a conversation with facial
expressions alone. This isn’t the first time that the twins and Igor seem to have conflicting
knowledge, Ren thinks, as he remembers how the Strength has been progressing so far.
Huh.
Ren quietly resolves to disregard Igor’s advice.
“Got it,” Ren lies, “I’ll try and avoid it.”

Igor nods, satisfied, while Justine shifts.
“Your rank with the Aeon is almost halfway to completion.” She says, “How is it that you’ve
been strengthening it, without having any knowledge of who it belongs to?”
Ren shrugs, not wanting to reveal too much in front of Igor, “Sometimes I’ll wake up, and I
can feel that the bond has gotten a bit stronger. I’m not really doing anything.”
“Huh.” Caroline frowns.
“Girls?” Igor interrupts, “What is the matter?”
“Nothing, master.” Justine says blithely, going back to flipping through her clipboard.
Ren smiles to himself at the further confirmation that the twins are probably on his side. He
reaches up and tugs at his bangs, “Uh. Is that all?”
“Show some respect!” Caroline snaps, banging her baton on the bars. Okay, maybe they’re
not completely on his side.
“Rest well, trickster,” Ren hears Igor say as his vision fades.
***
In the same space, but also somewhere else entirely, Akechi opens his eyes to find himself
standing again within a blue-tinted courtroom.
He rolls his eyes. Great. Wonderful. He assumes that he’s going to get a lecture on the danger
of letting bonds into his heart, like he can control it in the slightest.
Akechi pastes on his nicest, fakest, smile and waits for Igor to begin his spiel.
“You have certainly done well to ignore our warnings, trickster.” Igor starts, voice booming
from his position on the judge’s plinth.
Akechi shrugs. He eyes where the twins stand behind the prosecutor’s desk. Usually, one of
them would have chimed in with words of assent by now. He raises an eyebrow when he sees
them both looking unusually stoic. Do they really believe his actions that serious? Or is it
something else?
“Well,” Akechi starts, “I’m weighing my options.”
“Once the bonds have taken root in your heart, it’s already too late.” Igor continues, “By
‘weighing your options’, as you say, you have chained your strength to those with fickle
goals and whims.”
Akechi chooses to ignore the part of him that agrees, for now. “I have also aligned myself
with those who are willing to help further my goals,” for whatever reason, “And I’ve yet to
see a correlation between my ‘strength’ and my bonds.” A statement which, of course, goes
both ways, but that’s hardly the point Akechi’s trying to make at the moment.

He sees the twins both make a face in the corner of his eye, while Igor continues like Akechi
never spoke at all, “I see you have acquired the Fool. You should know that this bond will
only restrict your path to the desires of those it represents.”
Akechi hums, “I’m sure.”
“You should listen to our master, defendant!” Buns finally snaps, “Don’t act like you know
better!”
“And what do you think?” Akechi turns to the twins, acting on a sudden hunch, “About the
arcana?”
“That is irrelevant,” Braids says flatly, “We in this room exist to serve your purposes. You
should heed our advice, when it is given.”
Akechi pointedly doesn’t react to her words. It is unlikely, he thinks, that they truly ‘exist to
serve’, or whatever other bullshit they want to peddle, when they take the metaphorical role
of prosecutors and judge against his defence.
The Velvet Room was never really this pushy before he started picking up the arcana. Their
visits to his dreams were few and far between, and they only spouted the same rotating set of
speeches- ‘don’t falter in order to avoid ruin,’ and whatnot.
Akechi has resolutely ignored the doors at the entrances to Mementos and palaces, too. He
entered one of them once, a few years ago, and when he found that it was just a one-wayticket to get talked at for ten minutes, never entered them again.
There’s no information that he requires from the Velvet Room, and if these dreams are any
indication, there’s really not a lot they need from him, either.
They only seem to care when he actively disobeys their vague advice- and, even then…
It is interesting, that the twins seemed to dodge the question.
“Well, I suppose that’s that, then.” Akechi says in a chipper voice, “Anything else to add?”
Buns rolls her eyes, “We wouldn’t have had to have this conversation at all if you had just
listened the first time, defendant.”
Then he’ll probably have to endure this conversation again, Akechi thinks, not particularly in
the mood to bend to the will of a bunch of strange beings with unknows agendas. He nods
blandly, anyway.
“Until next time, trickster.” Igor says, as Akechi feels the tug of sleep yet again.
***
Sumire hits the Nav on her phone, shifting into Mementos.
“Oh!” A voice exclaims at her side.

“Haru-senpai!” Sumire starts, “Did you just get here as well?”
Haru shakes her head, “Oh, no, I got here a few minutes ago, but I wasn’t quite sure where to
go.” She readjusts her hair sheepishly, “So I thought I’d just wait here for you or Akechi-kun
to show up.”
Sumire nods, “Well, I’m here! Let’s get going then.”
Haru smiles, “Wonderful. Um, where are we headed, exactly?”
“Oh, we’ll be going into Mementos proper.” Sumire explains as she starts walking.
Haru matches her step, “’Proper’? Does that mean there’s more to this place?”
“Yes, this above ground section isn’t really…” Sumire purses her lips together, “Well, it is
Mementos, but it’s all the above ground stuff, so it just looks like regular Tokyo, but without
all the people.”
Haru’s eyes widen, “Above ground?”
“All the interesting bits of Mementos are actually in the subway tunnels.” Sumire points at
the entrance to Shibuya station, “You can tell pretty quickly once you’re in the right place.”
Haru nods slowly, and jumps as her Metaverse outfit burns into place. She readjusts her hat,
“Well, I guess that’s as good a sign as any.”
Sumire taps her cognitively adjusted heels into place, “Yep! Though, that’s, uh, not quite
what I meant.”
Haru gives her a confused look, before she winces as the pulsing red veins signature to
Mementos come into view. “Oh…” She murmurs, looking lightly disgusted.
“Yeah…” Sumire commiserates.
“Took you both long enough.” An icy voice cuts in.
Sumire whips around, and breaks into a smile and a cheerful wave, “Hello, Akechi.”
Akechi scoffs, and Sumire assumes that he rolls his eyes beneath his helmet, “No need for
pleasantries at this point, is there?”
“I disagree,” Haru says, a strained smile spreading across her face, “I think being as pleasant
as possible would counteract how foul this place is.”
“My apologies that the décor isn’t up to standard, your majesty.” Akechi deadpans. “But
you’ll have to take it up with the collective unconsciousness of Tokyo.”
Haru giggles, “I’ll get on that, then.”

“Please do,” Sumire chimes in, and shudders, “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to how gross
this place is.”
Akechi kicks off the wall he was leaning against, starting to walk towards the escalators
down to the subway tracks, “I hate to break it to you that we’re going further in, in that case.”
He says over his shoulder.
Sumire blinks, and then pouts, “Huh? How come?” She quickly moves to follow him, Haru
trailing behind.
“It’s safer that way.” Akechi says, unsheathing his sword. He blinks, eyeing the edge of his
blade, “Well. From the thieves, at least.”
Haru looks up, eyes wide, “The thieves?”
“The Phantom Thieves.” Sumire explains.
Haru’s mouth makes a little ‘o’, before she clicks her jaw back together, “They know about
this world too?”
Sumire winces, “Oh! Did we, uh, not mention it?” She rubs the back of her neck sheepishly.
Akechi sighs, “The Phantom Thieves’ methods are rooted in the Metaverse, where they can
directly interact with the physical manifestation of a person’s cognition.” He says, while
eyeing some of the shadows that threaten to cross their path with a dispassionately cautious
look.
Haru nods slowly, “I see…”
Akechi turns back to the group, and shrugs, “I would say more, but someone has yet to
explain to me the details of how the thieves do their work.” He throws a pointed look to
Sumire.
Whoops. She did promise to do that, didn’t she? “Uh. Sorry. I can get on that now…?”
Haru nods and smiles, “I guess it would be more efficient to explain it now.”
Sumire wrings her hands, “In that case- um, I’m not really an expert, but I know that there are
these things called ‘treasures’ within palaces.” She definitely doubts that she’s the best person
to explain this, when she hardly understands what she’s saying. She’s mostly just parroting
what Morgana told her when she first awakened.
Haru hums, and wrinkles her nose slightly, “Palaces… the thing I awakened my persona in?”
Akechi gives a sharp nod, “Yes. Palaces are manifestations of a person’s distorted desires.
Not everyone has that level of distortion, though, so only people who are particularly
removed from reality can grow such spectacles in the Metaverse.”
Haru sighs softly, looking downtrodden, “And you said that place belonged to my father…”
she murmurs.

Akechi cocks his head, “Are you really surprised?” He drawls.
“…I suppose not.” Haru says eventually, pressing her lips together.
Sumire looks back and forth between them with a grimace, quickly jumping to change the
subject, “A-anyway, I know that if you steal the ‘treasure’ from someone’s palace, it’s like…
taking out the distortion, in a way. The palace will collapse, and the person will realise the
error of their ways.”
Haru is successfully distracted, as she perks up, confusion painting her face, “And this
treasure is just an object lying around?” She asks incredulously.
Sumire shakes her head, “Well, it’s usually in the centre of a palace, so really heavily
guarded. And the treasure only becomes a physical object once you send a calling card.”
Akechi barks a laugh. “Ah. I see, a change in cognition. How clever.” He says, a bitter lilt to
his tone.
Sumire cocks her head and opens her mouth to ask, but gets cut off by Haru, “How did you
find all this out, Sumi-chan?”
Sumire blinks, caught off guard, “Uh! I spied on the thieves for a bit when I first awakened
my persona.”
Haru gasps softly, “Does that mean you know who they are?”
Behind his visor, Sumire can see Akechi’s eyes dart to Haru before he continues walking in a
show of practiced nonchalance, “About that.”
Sumire laughs uncomfortable, “Um, yes. Do you remember the people we ran into at the
fireworks festival?”
Haru stares at her, uncomprehending. When Sumire doesn’t elaborate, she blinks slowly, as
understanding dawns on her face. “…Seriously?” She mutters, resigned.
Akechi snorts, “I’m as amazed as you. Not that they’re stupid enough to be vigilantes- more
that they’ve yet to be caught.”
Sumire tilts her head, “…Aren’t you the detective on the case?”
“And isn’t your revenge plot kind of a form of vigilantism?” Haru chimes in.
Akechi stops walking abruptly. “Shut up.” He says in a low growl, and stalks off again,
movements stiff.
Sumire hides her smile behind her hand.
Haru giggles softly, before she recomposes herself. “I really can’t believe it…” she murmurs,
“I mean, Niijima-san? She always seemed so…”

“Stuck up?” Akechi offers, “Bending over backwards to accommodate the whims of
authority?”
Sumire winces slightly. She wants to protest, but she does remember how quickly Makoto
brushed off her concerns about Kamoshida. She seemed to feel incredibly guilty, though,
later on, so all is forgiven in Sumire’s book.
Haru frowns politely, “Well I probably wouldn’t put it that way…” she smiles at Akechi’s
disbelieving look, “But I guess she has changed, recently. I don’t really know her that well,
so I’m not really the best judge.”
Akechi hums, “Well, the dubious competency of the thieves aside, we’re here to discuss other
things, correct?” he says, a sudden sharpness in his words.
Haru’s face falls slightly. “Of course.” Her mouth twists, “So, just how… bad is your
situation right now?”
Akechi huffs, as he leads the group down another set of escalators, leading to a rest area,
“I’m afraid you’re going to have to be more specific, Haru-san.” He says dryly, over his
shoulder.
“I think she’s asking about the entire conspiracy that’s apparently just been happening.”
Sumire blurts, no longer able to keep quiet about the absurdity of all this.
As is the case with a lot of the things that have come up this year, she probably shouldn’t be
too surprised. But her life has only become a show of supernatural events very recently, so
she’s still adjusting.
Akechi gives her a look, like he’s asking why she’s surprised, “It’s a lot less shocking when
you consider the general demeanour of politicians.”
“So it’s a political conspiracy?” Haru clarifies.
Akechi takes a seat on one of the benches, “In so many words. It would be more accurate to
say that it’s Shido’s conspiracy- it doesn’t exist to further a particular political agenda more
than it does to stroke Shido’s god complex.” Sumire winces at the sudden venom in Akechi’s
voice.
Haru remains unphased, “How widespread is it?”
“It covers about every conceivable industry and shady connection you could think of.”
Akechi states matter-of-factly, “Half the police force is in his pocket, he controls the media,
he has a handful of the old yakuza families on his side- and, most importantly, he has an iron
grip on cognitive psience, both in research and practice. Among other things.”
Sumire nods slowly, “Is that why you thought I was working for someone when we first ran
into each other?”
“That would be correct.” Akechi tilts his head towards her in acknowledgement.

Haru furrows her brows in concern, “Does he have access to the Metaverse himself?”
Akechi barks a laugh, “Through me, he does.”
Sumire lights up, “Does that mean you’re not in any danger, then? Since you’re
irreplaceable?”
Akechi doesn’t look nearly so delighted, “In theory.” He intones flatly.
Haru doesn’t look convinced, either, “…What about your method of assassination is purely
irreplaceable, though?” She murmurs, considering, “Could he not just hire other assassins?”
Akechi nods sharply at her, “And therein lies the problem. The main benefit to my methods is
that they’re impossible to trace, that doesn’t mean Shido can’t just do things the oldfashioned way. If I were to, say, defect, or refuse an order, I could probably expect a lessthan-friendly knock on my door.”
Sumire blanches, and Haru looks grim, “…as a warning?” She asks, voice forcefully light,
“Or something more permanent?”
Akechi smirks humourlessly, “That would depend on the severity of my fuckup.”
Haru frowns and presses her lips together. “I see…”
Sumire frowns, “So why does Shido even keep you around, then?” She realises as she says it
that that may be a bit blunt.
Akechi levels an unimpressed glare at her, “You mean aside from the fact that I’m the sole
reason he is where he is today?”
Haru tilts her head, looking contemplative, “Yes, actually. It seems strange that Shido would
rely on a teenager for his political success, even if the teenager is his son.”
“He doesn’t know I’m his son.” Akechi cuts in.
Sumire’s eyes widen. “Then why…?”
“The psychotic breakdowns.” Akechi says, “Those incidents are unique to the cognitive
world, and beyond that, they’re unique to me.”
Sumire nods. Right, of course- Akechi isn’t just an assassin. She isn’t sure if that’s better or
worse, but at least not all of the things he has to do involve murder. It still doesn’t sit great
with her, morally, but it does make her feel a bit better that not all of Akechi’s past and future
targets have or will end up dead.
(She mentally kicks herself, at that. She thinks that she shouldn’t be settling for ‘good
enough’, when she’s the only person in the world who knows bits and pieces of the future.
She just doesn’t know what to do,)

“How do you enact them?” Haru speaks up, shaking Sumire out of her thoughts.
Akechi rolls his shoulders, looking almost uncomfortable, “Loki has a unique ability that I
can use on shadows and myself. When used on a shadow, it translates rather effectively to the
real person.”
Sumire, despite herself, smiles slightly, “Call of chaos, right?” She says, remembering the
team attack that Ren and Akechi used to do all the time.
Akechi tilts his head, confused, “That would be correct.” He just shakes his head in
exasperation when Sumire widens her smile to make it clear she won’t elaborate.
Haru sighs, “But even besides all that, you don’t think Shido is above killing you if you tried
to defect?”
Akechi sneers, and glares at the ground, “…I would think so, yes.” He says, voice devoid of
any particular emotion.
Sumire huffs, “So there’s really no way for you to get out of killing more people…”
Akechi scoffs, “Did I not make it abundantly clear that I wouldn’t stop if I could, anyway?”
Sumire presses her lips together at that.
Haru nods placatingly, “Right, you did.” She frowns, “What is your plan, exactly? What’s
stopping you from just killing Shido right now? Especially since your methods are
untraceable?” Sumire raises her eyebrows in surprise at that. She… honestly forgot to ask.
‘Revenge’ is a very vague goal to have, now that she thinks about it.
“If I were to try and give him a mental shutdown, I’d have to get to his shadow in his palace.”
Akechi starts, leaning forward to place his elbows on his knees, “Which, unfortunately, he
has made exceedingly difficult through his knowledge of cognitive psience. It was basically
the first thing he did when he got the researchers in his pocket. That place is a deathtrap.”
Sumire bites her lip, before brightening when she gets an idea. It’s so simple, of course,
“What if we joined you in the palace, then? There’s plenty of strength in numbers, and our
team is pretty diverse.”
Sumire deflates slightly when Akechi gives her a flat look. Haru sighs slightly, and looks
downtrodden, “…You don’t just want to kill him though, do you?” She says.
Akechi shakes his head stiffly, “No. If I just kill him, he’ll be a martyr. I want to make him
watch as his tower crumbles, first.” He growls lowly.
Sumire wrings her hands together, “And then kill him?”
“Forgive me for wanting to indulge.” Akechi deadpans.
“So how do you intend on taking him down?” Haru asks, straightening out her posture.

“I’ve had a few ideas over the years.” Akechi folds his arms and leans back, “I considered
trying to dismantle him with evidence in the real world, but I’d probably be silenced before I
got the chance to push it very far. I also considered a psychotic breakdown, but to do that I’d
have to clear his palace.”
Sumire wracks her brain for an elegant solution, and frowns when she comes up with
nothing. “So…?” She pushes.
Akechi stills for a beat, “My… current plan,” He starts, looking uncharacteristically hesitant,
“Is to suck it up and push through his palace, give him a psychotic breakdown to cause a
scandal, then while he’s still reeling from the coverup, give all the evidence I have on Shido
and the conspiracy to Sae Niijima- a prosecutor- and then kill Shido in the real world when
he realises there’s nothing he can do.”
Sumire pales at the implication for how that would end for Akechi himself.
Haru seems to pick up on it as well, “But then you…” She whispers, eyes wide behind her
mask.
“Something to say?” Akechi snaps.
Sumire forces some cheer onto her face, “We’ll workshop it.” She says brightly.
“Will we, now?” Akechi drawls.
Sumire opens her mouth to insist that yes, they absolutely are going to make some
adjustments to Akechi’s suicidal mess of a plan, before Haru places a hand on her arm,
shaking her head slightly, conveying that now may not be the time. “We should focus on what
we’re going to do right now.” Haru says calmly, though she doesn’t look particularly happy,
“Akechi-kun, you implied that my father may be a target in the future?”
Akechi nods after a beat, “Right. Shido intends to frame the Phantom Thieves for the mental
shutdowns, and he wants to use Okumura to do it.”
Haru narrows her eyes, “How?”
Akechi sighs, looking frustrated, “Well, the fucker loves to keep his machinations vague
when he monologues at me, but I take that after cornering the thieves into choosing Okumura
as a target for a change of heart, I’m to induce a mental shutdown after they send the calling
card, and the public and police will fill in the blanks.”
“What about after that?” Sumire asks.
Akechi bites his lip, and grimaces, “…I somehow doubt that Shido would be satisfied with
leaving the thieves as loose ends, even if they were to disband after they get framed for
murder. He’d probably want to make a statement with making it very clear to the public that
the Phantom Thieves are done for.”
Sumire’s eyes widen, as a part of the timeline she was unsure about clicks into place. “…By
killing their leader?” She asks tentatively.

Akechi nods, “Something like that, I’d say.”
Sumire presses her lips together, and Akechi shoots her a knowing look. She wonders if
Akechi tried to kill Ren, last time, or if things never got that far. Part of her hopes that things
never got to be that bad, but knowing that Ren had to fake his death, she gets the feeling that
that may not be the case.
“Who’s their leader?” Haru pipes up.
“Amamiya.” Akechi says in an unreadable tone.
Haru’s face falls, looking worried, “Oh…”
“We won’t let that happen.” Sumire says firmly. Akechi nods stiffly in agreement.
Haru nods as well, before looking down at the ground. “…Why use my father for all of this?”
She asks tentatively.
“He’s been getting a bit ambitious in the political sphere, lately. Shido wants to tie up the
loose end.” Akechi responds dispassionately.
Haru hums softly, “I see…”
“Well,” Sumire starts, an idea forming, “What if we just stopped the thieves from targeting
Okumura? That should stall Shido’s plans, right?”
Akechi’s lips twist, considering, “That would be convenient,” He concedes, “But
unfortunately Okumura is more than just a convenient target for Shido. The thieves are going
to want to target Okumura as well.”
Haru’s eyes widen, “Why is that?”
Akechi gestures in a wide arc to the surrounding area of Mementos, “Public opinion, partly.
Once Shido’s stunt with Medjed has skyrocketed the thieves’ popularity, if they don’t want to
face the wrath of the masses, they’ll likely turn to a target that seemingly everyone is calling
for.” He smirks dryly, “Of course, that will be partially orchestrated by Shido, too.”
Haru hums, “I see. …What’s the other part?”
Akechi smiles sharply, “If the thieves were to analyse the pattern of mental shutdowns and
psychotic breakdowns, or if they looked into the police files on the case, they’d find that a
great many of the incidents benefited Okumura.”
Haru’s face falls, “You mean to say…?”
“That Okumura is part of the conspiracy, yes.” Akechi scoffs, “And quite the extra weight on
my workload, too.”
Sumire scowls, frustrated, “That’s so annoying… it would probably be really good if
Okumura does have a change of heart, since it would mean he wouldn’t order any more

assassinations- but if that happens, then he dies.”
“I’d also like to be present for anything that happens to my father, if at all possible.” Haru
chimes in softly.
Sumire blinks, and winces, “Right, of course.” She says quickly.
Haru tilts her head, “…Hm.” She exclaims, “That’s a thought. What if I joined the thieves?
I’m on good terms with them all, and I could convince them to not target my father.”
Akechi leans forward, “A possibility.” He hums.
Sumire sighs, hating to be the bearer of bad news, “Actually… it might not be.” Haru and
Akechi turn to her with questioning looks, “The thieves know that there’s at least one other
person in the Metaverse, and they know that it’s the person behind the mental shutdowns and
psychotic breakdowns. And, uh, their only clue is that this person has a black mask.”
Haru blinks, and then looks between the three black masks that adorn each of their faces,
“Ah.”
“And since none of us have an alibi for when we awakened, we’re kind of stuck.” Sumire
continues, having already thought about this at length before.
Haru frowns, “So we can only influence them externally…”
“We’ll have to keep thinking, then,” Akechi cuts in, “And we’ll have to be careful to avoid
arousing suspicion, as well.”
Sumire jumps, “Oh! Right,” she turns to Haru, “Haru-senpai, one of the Phantom Thieves is
Amamiya-senpai’s cat.”
Haru gapes, looking bewildered, “Huh?”
Akechi scowls, “He also talks.”
Haru clicks her jaw closed, her bewilderment morphing into something more resigned, “…
Huh?”
Sumire smiles weakly in commiseration, “I don’t think you’ll be able to hear him just yet,
since you’ve never heard him in the Metaverse before, but just be careful.”
Haru blinks, “I’ll… keep that in mind.”
Akechi sighs, and kicks up onto his feet, “Well, if we’re all out of ideas, should we disband
for today?”
Sumire frowns, brushing herself off as she stands as well, “Probably. I need some time to
think about all this.”

Haru hops off the bench delicately, “Me too… if my father is part of the conspiracy, then I’ll
try to do any digging I can.” She raises her chin, looking determined.
Akechi shakes his head, “Be cautious. I doubt you’ll find anything, but we’ve long since
established the kind of man your father is.”
Haru’s shoulders fall slightly, “Right…”
Sumire shuffles on her feet, before pasting on a bright smile, “Um, well, good luck! So… the
mission statement is to just keep an eye out?”
Akechi nods sharply, turning towards the escalators leading back upwards, “It’s the best we
can do.”
Sumire’s smile becomes more genuine, “Got it.”
She wracks her brain for anything that could be a solution.
This entire situation is a mess- Sumire knew this even before she knew the severity of it. She
thinks it might be both a blessing and a curse that she doesn’t know how it resolved last time.
If it ended badly, she thinks she might have spent way too long panicking and throwing
herself into self-fulfilling prophecy by trying to avoid what she may have perceived as ‘set
events’.
Of course, now she’s just panicking because she has no idea what she’s supposed to be doing.
But she can fix this. Both Haru and Akechi are smart- they’ll know what to do, even when
she hits a dead end.
…But what is it that she can do?
Sumire feels nervous that she’s yet to encounter anything to do with why she was sent back in
time.
***
At some point during the night, not so long after he met with Haru and Sumire, Akechi
dreams.
Akechi glares down at the other boy, stiffly folding his arms as he waits for a response.
Fuck, this is what Akechi was afraid of. Of course the fate of the entire world is being left in
the hands of a teenager- because he’s just so special. Of course Akechi has to stand here and
beg, because he doesn’t even get to decide whether he lives or dies.
He’s not even real, and still, the other looks like the world is ending.
Which it will, if the boy is as much of a fucking moron as he’s making himself out to be with
this display.

“I want to hear you say it aloud,” Akechi eventually says, keeping his voice as level as
possible, “What do you intend to do?”
The other boy pales further, opening and closing his mouth like he’s choking on air. Akechi
presses his lips together in a sneer, and waits. He slowly breathes in the smell of coffee and
curry, directing his thoughts anywhere but what the hell he’s going to do if the other takes the
deal.
Will it hurt, to be tugged around on strings for the rest of his existence, so long as the other
wishes it? Will the madman let him have some semblance of himself, or will his insides be
scraped out and replaced with something more palatable?
Who is he kidding? Of course he won’t be allowed to exist as he is. He’s too much of a danger
to the sanctity of this reality- he’d tear it apart the second he got the chance, should he
remember that he’s trapped.
And, most importantly, there is no chance that Goro Akechi can truly exist in a perfect reality.
So, there’s that.
If only the other could see that, too- but instead he looks like he’s genuinely considering
taking this fucking deal.
“Are you going to answer?” Akechi drawls.
The other boy finally looks up, “Can you not give me one fucking second to think about
this?” He says, voice wobbling.
Akechi scoffs, “You’ve had one. Shall we repeat everything that’s already been said? You
have nothing to gain by taking this deal. You’d be betraying everyone, and for what?”
The other boy’s face twists, “’Nothing to gain’? Are you fucking kidding?” He takes a step
forward, and Akechi takes a step back.
“Have I been known to joke?” Akechi says lightly, then scowls, “That seems more your
prerogative. I have to say though, you’ve lost your touch. This farce isn’t very funny.”
The other looks to stop listening halfway through, looking back down at the floor with glassy
eyes.
“Shit,” The other chokes out wetly, “Fuck- Akechi, why didn’t you tell me?” His gestures
violently, “We could have figured this out!” He shouts.
“Figured what out, Joker?” Akechi hisses, “There’s nothing we can do.”
“Like hell there isn’t!” The other spits, and runs a hand through his hair roughly.
Akechi rolls his eyes. “Give it up, would you?” He snarls, “I get that your little complex
can’t handle the idea that you couldn’t save everyone, but you need to let this go.”

“God, fuck you.” The other says in nearly a whisper, “What is it about this that’s so hard for
you to understand?”
“There’s nothing to understand,” Akechi shoves his hand into his pockets, trying to make the
action seem final, “Now what are you going to do?”
“No, nonono, no, I can’t-” The other takes in a shuddering breath, “This isn’t fucking fair- I
thought,” He bites his lip, “Shit, I thought everything was going to be okay,”
“This is the real world, Joker.” Akechi says quietly, “Not everything works out.”
The other looks up sharply at that. “But it could.”
Akechi feels like he’s been plunged into ice, “Joker, don’t you fucking dare.”
“What?” The other challenges, something flashing in his eyes, “Don’t what?”
“Don’t trap me here.” Akechi snarls, taking a step forward. The other stands his ground.
The boy laughs weakly, “You really don’t get it, huh?”
“No, I don’t fucking understand why you’re hesitating- when you were perfectly fine
destroying this reality just yesterday!” Akechi runs a hand through his hair, “You-” he takes
a sharp breath, trying to steady himself, “Goddamnit, you promised!”
The other flinches, and tears start to well in his eyes again, “…I-” he cuts off, shaking.
“Joker.” Akechi says taking another step forward. He places his hands on the sides of the
other’s face, tilting his head up to look him in the eye, “You know what you have to do. There
is no choice here.”
The other blinks slowly, mouth slightly parted, before he swallows, and grimaces. “You’re
right.” He says softly, “There isn’t.” He tentatively places his hands over where Akechi’s are
resting, “I’m taking the deal.”
Akechi rips his hands away like he’s been burned. His instinct is to lash out, scream and claw
and shout until the other takes a fucking hint and makes the right choice.
But Akechi knows that won’t work.
He laughs bitterly, “Well, I have your answer.” The other has the good sense to look
ashamed. Akechi turns on his heel to leave. When he reaches the door, he looks over his
shoulder, “Our deal’s off.” His eyes flick downward, “I hope you know I’ll never forgive you
for this.”
He doesn’t give the other a chance to respond as he slams the door behind him, drowning out
the sound of the tinkling bell.
Fuck.

No. No, he can’t accept this. He won’t accept this.
He doesn’t need everyone else to do this.
Reality shifts and shimmers, and distantly Akechi can’t tell if it’s the dream or the vision that
swirls his sight.
He can see a towering structure, blinding white and clinical, andAkechi wakes up.
He sits up, fast as a bullet, clutching at his chest as he coughs violently.
He tugs at his hair, trying to centre himself as his vision blurs. He blinks rapidly, trying to
clear the kaleidoscopic colours that painted the end of his vivid dreamAs Akechi has that thought, he realises that the details have already slipped his mind.
God fucking damnit.
Akechi sighs heavily, scraping a hand down his face. Even if the details evade him, he still
remembers that he had a troubling dream- though that’s not really anything particularly new.
He half-heartedly scrounges for anything he could possibly recall, andHis bonds twist, and a butterfly net manages to snag whisps of smoke.
He remembers coffee. Or the smell of it, more accurately. Warm and rich, and definitely
better than anything he’s ever had before.
He remembers a knife to the back, though he can’t quite tell if it’s literal or metaphorical.
Who knows, maybe it’s both? That does sound like his luck.
He remembers glittering silver, pristine enough to be blinding, shifting in manufactured
imperfection.
What a pleasant dream. If he could remember it properly, he’s sure that he would hate it.
Akechi bites his lip. There are little fragments of something that keep filtering into his mind,
as of late. As of about April, he’d say if he had to hazard a guess.
April? Didn’t Sumire say that…?
Akechi bites his lip harder. Now that’s a thought. Between his visions and weird dreamsnone of them paint a very coherent picture. But they wouldn’t have to, if they’re whispers
from a year erased.
Didn’t José say something about how wildcards are usually chosen for all this time travel
business? What if he has a leg-up on remembering things because of that? If that’s what’s
happening at all, of course.

Akechi wonders if Amamiya might be experiencing something similar. That would be…
inconvenient, if that’s true. Akechi has revenge he needs to fulfill, and he doesn’t need yet
another roadblock.
Akechi flops back down, glaring up at the ceiling. He should ask Sumire more about all of
this.

Chapter End Notes

Sooo I made cover art for this fic. Which you can find here!
Merry Christmas! Or, merry whatever else you do or don't celebrate! Happy holidays, is
my point- 2023 flew by, huh? Well, sort of. Humanity's warped perception of time, and
all that. Hope you all enjoy the leadup to the new year!
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
No rank ups this chapter... been a while, huh?
Well, here's the state of the confidants nevertheless:
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 5
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 4
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 4
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 3
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 4
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 5
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 4
___
Ren: I absolutely promise that I won't take the deal
Maruki: But have you considered the implications?
Ren: Fuck, shit, I forgot about the implications-

Chapter 25
Chapter Summary

Justice, dreams, and visions of the future.

Chapter Notes

CW: reference to a canon-typical suicide attempt

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi almost does a double take when he see Amamiya standing outside of Penguin Sniper,
in the exact spot that Akechi himself tends to loiter at.
“Amamiya.” He says amicably, walking up to the other boy, “What are you doing here?”
Amamiya jumps at Akechi’s voice, head snapping up, “Uh.” He starts, “I wanted to spend
time with you, actually.” He rubs the back of his neck sheepishly, “You weren’t here, though,
so I thought I’d wait around to see if you’d show up.”
Akechi cocks an eyebrow, “Couldn’t you have texted me?”
Amamiya flushes, “I guess I didn’t think of that?”
Akechi chuckles politely, masking the rougher bark of laughter that attempts to claw its way
up his throat. He smooths out his smirk, “Well, I’m free right now. Is there anywhere you had
in mind?”
Amamiya hums contemplatively, and twists his fringe between his fingers, “Not really. How
about…” His lips quirk as he thinks, “Inokashira park is nearby, right? We could take a
walk?”
Akechi tilts his head, “It’s rather dark out.”
Amamiya gives a small grin, “I think we’ll be fine if we’re together.”
“Famous last words, Amamiya,” Akechi says with a teasing smile, “But I suppose I agree.
Inokashira sounds nice.”
“Great,” Amamiya nods, looking more cheerful, “Lets go, then.”

As they make their way to the train station, Akechi notes the lack of nasal whining that
usually follows Amamiya around and quips at random intervals. He gestures to Amamiya’s
currently empty side bag, “No cat today?”
Amamiya blinks, “Oh, no. I left him at home.”
Akechi guesses that the other boy wasn’t in any rush to hear the cat complain about his
choice of companion tonight, for which Akechi is somewhat grateful. That doesn’t mean he
can’t be a shit about it, though, “I thought you said he had separation anxiety?”
Amamiya takes it in stride, grinning, “Yeah, but he seems to get over it whenever I give him
some fatty tuna.”
“That must be hell on your wallet.” Akechi comments, tilting his head.
Amamiya sighs wearily, “It sure is.”
Their banter trails off as they step onto the train, only waiting around for a few stops to then
get off at Inokashira park. Amamiya takes point, quickly moving forward in the direction of
the park. Akechi begrudgingly follows, trying and failing at not feeling annoyed at Amamiya
taking the lead like Akechi’s never been here before.
Eventually, they reach the footpath that snakes through the park, shadowed oddly by the
combination of dense trees and glowing streetlights.
Akechi falls into step with Amamiya. “Did you have anything that you wanted to speak about
in particular?” He asks off handedly.
Amamiya looks straight ahead, pressing his lips together sheepishly, “Um, not really.” He
laughs awkwardly, “I just… wanted to see you, I guess.”
Akechi hums dispassionately. “Well, here I am.”
“Here you are.” Amamiya agrees.
…This is one big waste of time, isn’t it? Though, Akechi supposes that’s what friends do.
His stomach violently curdles at the idea that he and Amamiya could be considered friends.
He’s resolved to avoid killing him, sure- but Akechi barely considers Sumire and Haru
friends, and they looked him in the eye and said they’re down with murder.
Don’t you enjoy his company? Robin hums smugly, knowing full well what the answer is,
even if Akechi refuses to vocalise it.
But that’s hardly the point, Akechi thinks. Even if he doesn’t want Amamiya dead anymore
(Something whispers that he never wanted him dead), Akechi still has no intention of letting
Amamiya and his merry band of idiots get anywhere near Shido, and he’s more than willing
to do whatever it takes.
YOU DON’T SOUND CONFIDENT.

“How have your summer holidays been?” Akechi says abruptly, both to fill the silence and to
cover how close he is to snapping at the voices in his head.
Amamiya shrugs, “Busy. I’ve been spending a lot of time helping out a friend.” He twirls his
fringe between his fingers, and Akechi doesn’t bother to speculate on what he means, “…
How about you?”
Akechi chuckles, “I’ve been busy as well, I’m afraid.”
Amamiya gives a small smile, “Work? All that Medjed stuff is still going on, right?”
Akechi nods, “Yes. We’ve yet to find a solution, short of the thieves just turning themselves
in.”
Amamiya frowns, like he isn’t the problem, “That sucks. I hope it all turns out.”
“I hope so, as well.” Akechi says.
They walk in silence for a while, before Amamiya cracks, “…Have you been up to anything
else?” He asks awkwardly.
Akechi gestures vaguely, “Not anything of note.” He huffs to himself, “…Though, I’ve begun
to acknowledge how persistent some of my… associates are.”
Amamiya cocks an eyebrow, a teasing grin spreading on his lips, “‘Associates’?”
Akechi doesn’t appreciate the mockery, “Well, that’s what they are.” He says, almost
petulant.
Amamiya’s grin grows wider, and he looks to be fighting to supress it, “I see.” He furrows his
eyebrows, “But, uh, is everything all right? I noticed that you were avoiding Yoshizawa for a
bit.”
Akechi blinks. What, was Amamiya stalking him, or something? “How could you tell?”
Amamiya gives him an incredulous look, “You practically sprinted away when you saw her
at the aquarium.”
“Ah…” Akechi presses his lips together, “I suppose I wasn’t particularly subtle,” he admits,
then shrugs, “You don’t have to worry, though. It was all a misunderstanding on my part.”
Amamiya blinks, “Oh. That’s good. That you fixed it, I mean.” He says dumbly.
Akechi nods vaguely, “Yes.”
They fall into silence yet again. Amamiya starts fidgeting after a beat, and Akechi supresses a
sigh.
Amamiya cracks again, “…The park is kind of pretty, at night.” He mumbles.

Akechi hums, and looks out at the lake, reflecting the streetlight and starlight in equal
measure. “It is.” He says, “I’m glad I accepted your invitation.” He finds he’s being genuine.
Amamiya smiles, “Me too.” He looks at the ground, face flushing slightly, “…We should talk
more.”
Akechi tilts his head and smiles politely, “I thought that was the purpose of this outing, no?”
Amamiya grimaces, “Yeah, but… We should do it more often.” He smirks, “And we never
did continue our debate.”
Akechi raises his eyebrows, “You’re referring to our back and forth at the TV station?”
Amamiya nods, “Yeah. You gave me your number because you liked our debate, right? But
we haven’t really done much debating.”
“I get the feeling you want to debate.” Akechi deadpans, feeling the word lose its meaning.
Amamiya raises his hands in surrender, “Guilty.” He says, another smile growing on his face.
Akechi feels a smile tug on his lips as well, “I suppose we could.” He murmurs, “…Do you
wish to continue with the same topic?”
Amamiya nods, “Sure. A lot has changed since we last spoke about it properly.”
“Are you questioning whether my own opinions have changed?” Akechi brings a hand to his
chin, and smirks wryly, “You know you could just watch an interview, right?”
Amamiya rolls his eyes, “I can’t get your real feelings on one of those.”
Akechi drops his hand back to his side, “Is that so?” He huffs a laugh, “Well I’m sure you’ll
be disappointed to hear that my opinion hasn’t changed.”
Amamiya raises his eyebrows, “Really? Even after they took down a mob boss?”
If Amamiya thinks he’s being subtle, then Akechi redoubles his disbelief that the thieves
have yet to be identified by the police.
Akechi nods gravely, “Even then.” He laughs lightly, “You’ll forgive me if I’m not entirely
grateful for the power vacuum and gang wars that ensued following Kaneshiro’s arrest.”
Amamiya’s eyes widen, and he flicks his gaze down, biting his lip. After a beat, he looks up
again, confidence reinstated, “But what about the people that Kaneshiro’s mob was targeting?
Were the police ever going to be able to help them?”
Akechi hums, “That’s a fair claim. The police certainly weren’t making much headway on
trying to arrest Kaneshiro themselves.” By design, partially. Between the cops in Shido’s
pocket, and the ones that were just the regular kind of corrupt, it’s a miracle Sae made any
progress at all.

Emboldened by the admission, Amamiya continues, “And even if they did, wouldn’t the
same problem have happened anyway, with the power vacuum?”
Akechi supresses a grimace. “That’s true.” He concedes. Damn. He straightens his back,
“But, you’d think that if the thieves were so incredible, they would have found a way to
circumvent all of the horrible consequences of their actions. What’s the point if they’re just a
more anonymous version of the police?”
Amamiya presses his lips together, and Akechi’s lips twitch at the clear blow to the other’s
ego, “…Maybe they didn’t know it was going to happen.” Amamiya says eventually, rubbing
the back of his neck, “Or they just didn’t know how.”
Subtlety, once again, is not Amamiya’s strong suit.
“If that is the case, then my point still stands.” Akechi counters, “Why should we as a society
let a nebulous, clearly fallible, entity make such grand decisions? If the thieves are unable to
ascertain the consequences of their own actions, then who’s to say what could be next?”
“I think they’d learn from their mistakes.” Amamiya says firmly.
Akechi supresses an eye roll. He sincerely doubts they would. Their bleeding hearts would all
bend over backwards the moment someone begged to be saved from their shitty situation,
damn the consequences. “Would they, now?” Akechi says flatly, “Do you know them
personally?”
Amamiya grimaces, his unsubtlety clearly catching up to him, “…No, but so far it’s pretty
clear that they only want to help people.”
“You can’t help everyone.” Akechi says quietly, before he can think better of it.
That seems to catch Amamiya’s attention, “So, what? They should just give up?” He folds his
arms, “I think the thieves are the lesser of two evils, between them and the police.”
Akechi shakes his head, “At the very least, the police are a known entity.” Devil you know, or
something, “Even if they’re not always effective, the justice system as a whole has checks
and balances. The thieves have none of that.” Akechi sighs, “I’m not saying that what the
thieves have done thus far hasn’t been beneficial, but the fact that they are entirely unknown
is my problem.”
Amamiya hums, and then gives a small grin, “Three times is a pattern, isn’t it? Even if we
don’t know who they are, they’re still doing good.”
“But what happens if that suddenly changes?” Akechi points out, and doesn’t think about
Shido’s plan for their downfall, “Public opinion certainly won’t be kind. And neither will the
police, once they get their hands on them.”
Amamiya looks down “So you think they should quit while they’re ahead?”
Yes. Fuck yes, absolutely. If Amamiya could take a hint then Akechi’s life would be
infinitely easier.

But he won’t. It’s frankly a fool’s errand to even try to get Amamiya to give it up. The Justice
arcana hums in something that must be agreement.
(If Akechi weren’t so good at lying, especially to himself, he might admit that Amamiya’s
tenacity is something he admires about the other boy, but alas.)
“Preferably after they deal with Medjed.” Akechi says lightly, because it doesn’t matter what
the thieves do in this situation.
Amamiya barks a laugh, “It’d be nice if the economy didn’t crash, yeah.”
Akechi almost snorts, “Indeed.”
They keep walking, coming up to the end of the trail, the ever-persistent hum of noise from
the city bleeding into the bubble of quiet that the park provides.
Amamiya comes to a stop, and turns, “You haven’t won our debate just yet, by the way.”
Akechi tilts his head, “Oh? You’re not conceding?”
“Nope.” Amamiya says with another dumb grin, popping the ‘p’, “Let’s call it a stalemate for
now. You’re right that the thieves are an unknown, so I can only prove that I’m right about
them once they’ve done some more stuff.”
Of course he listened to all of that and only decided to double down.
Of course someone as self-righteous as Amamiya would be represented by Justice, Akechi
thinks as the offending arcana reaches its fifth rank.
Akechi says none of that, and simply holds his hand out, “…Very well. Stalemate it is.”
Amamiya takes his hand and shakes, his stupid smile growing wider, “It’s a deal.”
God damnit.
***
Later that night, Ren dreams.
It doesn’t start off with a memory this time, but Ren can remember the events of the Aeon all
the same. With the added knowledge of who Crow is in reality, Ren can retroactively see the
pattern of when these dreams happen. He wonders if he’ll ever notice in the waking word.
Ren looks around, confused, as he sits in a chair in a blank, grey room. There’s a metal table
in front of him, and a heavy door looming further back. He looks to his side, and sees some
empty needles litter the floor.
Ren shifts. This chair is pretty uncomfortable, now that he thinks about it.

He jumps as the door across from him opens with a screech of metal on metal, and smiles as
he sees Crow step through.
“Hey,” Ren says, throwing up a wave.
Crow just hums, folding his arms and looking down at Ren with an unreadable expression.
“So,” Ren starts to fill the silence, “No memory this time?”
Crow barks a laugh, and it puts Ren on edge, “Oh, there could be. Unfortunately, there’s no
point in time where we actually interact in this scenario, so we’ll just have to go with some
old-fashioned speculation.”
That’s… different. “Cool.” Ren says, keeping his voice level, “What the hell is that supposed
to mean?”
“Well,” Crow starts, and the black and blue body suit melts away into Akechi’s school
uniform. He smooths down his hair as the helmet vanishes, and tugs on his gloves absent
mindedly. “You’ll see as it happens,” he says waving an arm.
Ren opens his mouth to ask some more questions, but cuts himself off with a gasp as his own
Metaverse outfit shifts, and Ren’s body suddenly hurts. His wrists are red raw, he’s pretty sure
his ribs are cracked, and his head pounds with his heartbeat, making the room swirl violently
in a haze.
“What…?” He slurs, trying and failing to move his words around his tongue.
Ren blinks, and is met with a gun to his forehead.
“Case closed,” Crow says, all smiles, “This is where your justice ends.”
A bang, a pain, a numbness, and Ren’s vision goes dark.
He blinks, and he’s back in the room again. There’s no blood on the table, and when he
sluggishly reaches up to his forehead, he can’t find any evidence of a bullet hole either.
A bullet hole, because Crow just fucking shot him.
The door creaks open again, and Crow steps through, gun in hand.
“What,” Ren starts, mustering up enough spit to form the words, “The fuck was that for?”
Crow shrugs, “Since you weren’t technically here for this, I thought we’d do some method
acting.”
“Okay,” Ren coughs out, “But why?”
Crow looks contemplative, though Ren thinks it might just be for show, “You’re so adamant
that you want to save my counterpart in reality, so I thought It’s only fair that you see exactly
what it is you’re trying to save.”

Ren chokes on nothing as he tries to come up with something to say to that. He settles on
clenching his fists instead.
“Let’s see…” Crow hums, tapping a finger on his chin, “That was one scenario you dreamed
up, that you’ve forgotten, but there’s a couple others rattling around in here.” He grins
suddenly, knife sharp, “Ah. Here we are.”
Ren blinks, and finds the gun in his face again.
“You don’t have to do this,” The words form on Ren’s lips of their own accord.
Crow’s face twists into something like melancholy, “I’m sorry,” He whispers, and thenAnother bang,
(Ren can’t be sure, but he thinks he can feel a kiss being pressed gently on his forehead before
the scene resets)
And Ren blinks.
This time, Crow is sitting cross legged in the chair on the other side of the table, inspecting
the gun with manufactured interest.
“Why don’t we make this more interesting?” Crow says with a pretty smile.
Again, Ren’s lips move on their own, “I’m game.”
Crow nods in acknowledgement, and the gun is suddenly a revolver, rather than a pistol.
Crow mechanically empties all of the bullets bar one, and lifts the gun to his head.
A click, a blank. Crow smiles wider, “Your turn.”
Ren accepts the gun, and obediently lifts it to his head.
A click, a blank. He returns the gun.
They go round and round, until Crow lifts the gun to his head, and comes up with another
blank.
Crow laughs lowly, “Just one left. Shall I do the honours?”
Ren smirks, and nods, and,
Another bang,
(Ren can’t be sure, but he thinks he can hear another bang, unrelated to the bullet in his own
forehead, in the time before the scene resets)
And Ren blinks.

Crow is drenched in blood, and Ren can see the crumpled body of some nondescript figure in
the corner of the room.
Crow cackles, brandishing the gun, “I’ve wanted to do this for a long time, Joker.”
Ren doesn’t get the chance to open his mouth, before,
Another bang,
(Ren can be sure this time, he can hear delighted laughter in the time before the scene resets)
And Ren blinks,
Crow enters the room, steals the guard’s gun, and,
“I’m here to rescue you,” Crow says cheerfully,
And he shoots the guard in the back, the body hitting the floor in an unceremonious thump.
Crow smirks, “Is that what you were hoping I’d say?”
Ren doesn’t resist the words forming without input, this time, “I knew you were going to
betray me.”
Crow tilts his head in a facsimile of polite surprise, “Is that so?” He snorts, “It’s too bad that
wasn’t enough to save you. Were you hoping I’d change my mind?”
“I know you will.” Ren says, something like desperation creeping into his voice.
“Yeah.” Crow hums, pressing the gun to Ren’s forehead, “Maybe. But it will be too late, by
then.”
Another bang, and
“Enough!” Ren snaps, his words his own again.
Crow blinks, the scene reordering. He huffs a small laugh, and collapses onto the chair
opposite Ren, “But we’re only halfway through, Joker.”
“I think I get the gist,” Ren sighs, rubbing at his ribs as his Metaverse attire burns back over
his skin, the pain in his body leaving with it.
“Good,” Crow says, inspecting his gloved hands. He still hasn’t returned to his own
Metaverse outfit, instead staying in the tan coat. He carelessly tosses the gun onto the table,
“I hope you’ve gained a bit of perspective.”
Ren rolls his eyes. He’s starting to understand Crow’s shtick. “By ‘perspective’, you mean
trying to make me hate you, or something?”
“By ‘perspective’, I mean getting you to see the point.” Crow drawls, lifting his eyes to shoot
Ren a death glare. The gun would’ve been more effective, Ren thinks.

“You were like this before, too,” Ren continues, ignoring Crow, “In that memory with the
other girl. You wanted to hurt yourself, so is that what this is? You just pushing me away?”
Crow folds his arms, “Perhaps it’s just your subconscious warning you.”
“Warning me about what?” Ren pushes, “That Akechi is going to try and kill me? That you
tried to kill me?”
“I haven’t tried anything.” Crow says dryly, “I’m a cognition. So anything I say and do is
based off of your missing memories surrounding Goro Akechi.”
Something about that rings false, in Ren’s mind. He doesn’t have much ground to stand on
with that claim, admittedly, given that he can’t remember shit, but there’s something off about
the way that Crow says it.
But when he thinks about all the things Crow has said to him…
“Are you…” Ren flicks his tongue over his lips, realising that this is probably a ridiculous
thought to be having, “Are you really a cognition?”
Crow grins sharply, “Well, it’s what I’ve been saying, hasn’t it?”
Ren narrows his eyes, “If you’ve proven anything, it’s that you’re a liar, Akechi.”
Crow grins even wider, “Look at that. You’re learning.” He tugs off a glove, and snaps his
fingers,
And Ren wakes up, immediately feeling the Aeon reach rank six.
He sharply brings a hand to his forehead, as a headache pounds behind his eyes. Morgana
shifts at his side, and Ren forces his body to untense.
Ow, is his first thought. It’s more than just the migraine, too, his whole body aches like he’s
taken a beating.
If this is the aftershocks from the fight with the cognitive Wakaba, then they’re showing up a
bit late.
Ren blinks as, uncharacteristically, bits and pieces of the dream return to him. He winces as
he remembers getting shot, over and over, by some shadowed figure he can’t quite make out.
Well. That’s as clear as any of his Aeon dreams have gotten. The violence kind of makes Ren
think he might be on the right track with thinking that these dreams might be about the black
mask, whoever they may be.
Ren grumbles quietly as he hauls himself out of bed, and quickly jots down everything he can
remember.
***

A few days after their meeting in Mementos, Sumire blinks at her phone, surprised to see the
caller ID listed as Akechi.
She tentatively picks up the call, and lifts the phone to her ear, “H-hello?”
“Sumire.” Akechi’s frigid, disinterested voice comes through the other line, “I need to
discuss something with you.”
“Uh.” Sumire starts, “Okay, um it’s…” She checks the clock on her wall, “Almost midnight.”
There’s a shifting sound on the other line, “Fuck.” Akechi says flatly.
“Well, I’ve already picked up, so,” Sumire hastens to respond, “It’s fine!”
“In that case, I need to talk to you about your time-travel situation.” Akechi says sharply,
and Sumire nearly falls over with how quickly she sits up.
“Oh!” She exclaims, rushing to grab her notebook, flipping to the most recent page, “What
about?”
There’s a sigh, “I think I’ve been getting… bits and pieces of the last timeline.” He says, an
uncharacteristically uncertain lilt to his voice.
Sumire freezes, and does not jump to hopeful conclusions. She does not immediately feel
relief, and she definitely does not need to hastily derail her spiralling train of desperate
thoughts.
Instead, Sumire takes a steady breath, “What do you mean?”
“What I mean,” Akechi starts, sounding impatient, “Is that I keep getting weird visions and
dreams, and I get the feeling they might be related to the other timeline.”
Sumire gives up on holding back her hope.
“Really?!” She gasps, “That’s amazing!”
“Is it?” Akechi deadpans, “From my point of view, it seems rather inconvenient.”
“Oh…” Sumire deflates, and remembers why she was trying to not be hopeful, “Um, how
come?”
“Every time I get one of these visions, not only do I not actually have any idea what’s
happening in them, but I also get treated to a migraine.” He lists off.
“So, you don’t actually remember anything?” Sumire says, trying not to sound too
disappointed.
“No.” Akechi says curtly.
Sumire hums, pressing her lips together, “What are the visions like, then?”

Akechi sighs, “Well, for the most part, the ones I experience when I’m awake are just a
jumble of thoughts and emotions with next to no context.”
“Is there anything that you’ve picked out?” Sumire asks, instinctually leaning forward.
“…Not really.” Akechi huffs, “A lot of the emotions that I get are things that I experience
relatively frequently anyway.”
Sumire tilts her head, “Like?”
“Anger. Frustration.” Akechi deadpans, and that draws a short giggle from Sumire.
“That sounds about right, I guess.” She leans back, smiling.
There’s a pause. “You never really clarified,” Akechi starts, “But were we… close, last time?
You imply it sometimes, in your comments.”
Sumire stills, “I- I’m not really sure. It’s, um, kind of hard to tell, with you.” She laughs
awkwardly, “But I really admired you. And… I think you talked with me more than most of
the other thieves, so…” She shrugs, even though Akechi can’t see.
There’s a huff, and Sumire thinks it might be a laugh, “I suppose admiration would have
come easier if you weren’t aware of my secondary occupation.”
Sumire bites her lip, “I still admire you, actually.” There’s a silence, and she flushes,
embarrassed, “Um, It’s like, well, you’re really confident, you know? And back then, I was
still figuring myself out a lot, and so seeing how angry you could get, I wanted to learn how I
could be like that, too.”
“Anger is not often a quality that people look up to.” Akechi says, no particular emotion in
his voice.
“I guess I’m pretty weird then, huh?” Sumire giggles, “I… wasn’t very good at standing up
for myself, so I wanted to take a leaf out of your book, I think.”
There’s another huff, though it sounds more exasperated this time. “Well, do what you will.”
Akechi says, and Sumire can almost hear the eye roll.
She breaks out in a bright grin, “I’ll do that.”
Akechi scoffs, “I suppose your admiration,” He says the word like it offends him, “Is a
partial contributor to why you’ve decided to be an accomplice to murder?”
Sumire opens her mouth, and then closes it.
She knows that Akechi is trying to wind her up with that comment. It’s what he does best,
really. ‘Accomplice’ definitely feels like stretching it, especially since she has no intention of
killing anyone. (She doesn’t even know if she could)

“Well, we’re trying to make it so you don’t have to do that as often, right?” Sumire says,
twisting some of her hair around her finger.
“And what if I’m perfectly okay with the way things are?” Akechi says icily, and Sumire
would shoot him a look, if she could.
But insisting that Akechi is very much not okay with how things are isn’t going to be enough,
Sumire feels, so…
“Don’t you want to get back at Shido without doing his dirty work?” Sumire tries, “Wouldn’t
it be, uh, more satisfying?”
Akechi snorts, “Sure, but why are you willing to bear the weight of trying to help me?”
“Because I want to.” Sumire says simply.
“I’m not your charity case,” Akechi snaps, though it doesn’t actually sound particularly
venomous.
“No,” Sumire agrees, a smile tugging at her lips, “But I am your friend.”
There’s a weary sigh on the other end of the line, and Sumire tries not to feel too smug.
“Anyway,” Akechi continues, “About the last timeline,”
“Yes?”
“Are you going to tell Haru-san about it?” Akechi asks, and Sumire bites her lip.
“Um,” Sumire starts tentatively, “I’m… not sure that she would believe me.”
“You were willing to tell me.” Akechi points out.
Sumire laughs awkwardly, “That was sort of an accident…?”
“Right,” Akechi says, sounding amused, “Well, I’m sure you’ll let it slip, then, when Harusan starts asking too many questions.”
“Hey,” Sumire pouts, “I’m not that bad…” She trails off, knowing that she kind of is that bad.
“In any case,” Akechi says, “Are you going to tell her?”
“…Yeah,” Sumire sighs, “I will. It was… kind of nice, when I got it off my chest with you.”
Akechi hums.
Sumire takes that as a cue to continue, “Um, I know you said your visions are inconvenient,
but part of me really hopes that they keep happening, so that you might remember
something.”

“It would be practical, if I did.” Akechi muses, “In all likelihood, the me of the other
timeline would have far more encompassing knowledge of events to come.”
“That’s part of it,” Sumire admits, “But… I also really don’t like how I’m the only one who
remembers all the good and bad things that happened.” She takes a deep breath, “My coach,
she told me how she was impressed at how I’ve managed to sort myself out, but she has no
idea that so much of it was because of her. And talking with all the thieves… it feels like I’m
being dishonest, a lot, and I wish I could just tell them the truth.”
There’s a low, considering hum. “…It does sound a bit lonely; I suppose.”
“Yeah…” Sumire breathes out.
Akechi makes a sound of acknowledgement, but otherwise stays silent.
“You mentioned the visions you had when you were awake,” She starts, “But what about the
dreams you’ve been having?”
“Ah.” Akechi huffs, “Now those have been a bit more interesting.”
Sumire shoves the irrational spades of hopeful conclusions back down, “Oh?”
“Often times, I won’t remember anything at all,” Akechi explains, “But sometimes, I’ll
remember something with odd clarity. There’s still no context for it, though.”
“What kind of stuff do you remember?” Sumire says quickly.
“There was…” Akechi murmurs, contemplative, “I think I remember a café. And…” he
sighs, cutting himself off.
A café? Could it be Leblanc?
“Amamiya-senpai lives in a café,” Sumire says tentatively.
“Does he now?” Akechi says, an unreadable lilt to his voice.
“Yep,” Sumire says, popping the ‘p’.
“I suppose I’ll have to pay a visit, at some point.” Akechi says flatly, “Perhaps it will trigger
some more visions.”
“Maybe!” Sumire nods enthusiastically, before remembering that the other can’t see her. “I…
really hope you remember. I have no idea what I’m doing, to be honest.”
“Well, you’ve hardly brought about the end of the world six months early,” Akechi drawls,
“So you’ve yet to fuck up irrecoverably.”
Sumire laughs humourlessly, “Well, I haven’t messed anything up, but I haven’t really fixed
anything, either.”

“Was there anything in particular that needed immediate fixing?” Akechi questions.
“Yeah, um,” Sumire sighs, “There was a girl, Suzui-senpai, that Kamoshida, um,” She trails
off, and judging by the dark hum on the other end of the line, Akechi gets the implication,
“She… jumped off the school roof, about a week or so after I remembered everything, and,”
She cuts herself off with a huff, “I just keep thinking, I forgot it even happened- if I had
thought to do something, then maybe…”
Akechi is quiet for a while. “It’s not as though you chose to be the person to come back and
fix things,” he starts, voice flat, “You didn’t even know her. If the universe wanted you to be
some saviour, perfecting the timeline, or some other bullshit, they could have stood to give
you a guide.”
Sumire laughs despite herself, “I guess…” She sighs softly, “It still feels like it’s my fault,
though. I had the opportunity to try and change it, and I just… didn’t.”
“You said you didn’t remember it happened.” Akechi points out sharply, “That’s hardly
having an opportunity to change anything. It happened only a week into this whole mess,
too.” He laughs bitterly, “That isn’t enough time to magically stop someone from being
suicidal.”
Sumire frowns, “You think so?”
“Yeah.” He says quietly.
Sumire huffs softly, “I- yeah. I guess you’re right.” She smiles awkwardly, “That does make
me feel a bit better. thank you.”
“Whatever.” Akechi huffs, and Sumire’s smile widens.
“Well,” She starts, “I’ll call Haru to see when she’s free.” She presses her lips together, “I
hope she isn’t too sick of all this supernatural stuff…”
“She’ll live.” Akechi says dryly, “I’ll be there as well.”
“Right,” Sumire nods to herself, “Um, I’ll see you then.”
“See you.” Akechi says, and the line clicks.
(In Akechi’s mind, he feels the Magician grow to rank six. He huffs a laugh to himself. These
bonds are nothing if not persistent.)

Chapter End Notes

Last update before the new year! Weird to think about- I never register January as 'next
month' when it's december.

Also: Ah! Thank you all so much for the 400 kudos <3 <3 <3 Thank you also for all the
comments- I always love seeing them, and I'm trying to get better at responding to them
too haha
I'm always very fascinated in the argument of the justice of the phantom thievesespecially in regards to what Akechi has to say about it. He kind of has three layers that
he can argue: 1, where he's stuck as the detective prince, and can only make comments
as a civilian and about vigilantism in general, for the most part- as seen in this chapter.
2, when he joins the thieves, but before the black mask reveal, where he can now offer
his opinion about changing hearts, but can't really say much about it in relation to
himself. 3, where everything is on the table, and he can compare the phantom thieves to
himself fully- ethics, personality, murder and all.
I was always a bit sad with how p5 got *very* close to having more in depth discussions
about the morality of the phantom thieves, especially when Maruki came around, but
never *quite* made the thieves question themselves on a moral level. They only really
faltered when Okumura died, and that was A) not their fault, and B) not really an
address of the morality of changing hearts, more just 'murder is bad' lol.
But hey! That's what fanfic is for, right?
Also, small aside since there was an interrogation room scene: it is *deeply* funny to
me that in both vanilla p5 and royal, Akechi starts off Justice rank 8 by pointing a gun at
Ren. Just. What, is this how he shows affection, or something?
Socials! Come say hi!
Tumblr
Instagram
Anyways, confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 6
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 4
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 5
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 3
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 4
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 6
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 5
___
Crow: I hate the idea that Ren cares about me. How do I make him stop
Crow:
Crow: *cocks gun* actually I have an idea

Chapter 26
Chapter Summary

The black masks slowly make some headway.

Chapter Notes

CW: mentioned suicide
(More detailed CW in the end notes)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sumire wrings her hands nervously as she waits for Akechi and Haru in the top floor of
Mementos. The plan is to meet up, and then immediately find a safe room to be safe from
both shadows and be easily alerted in case the Phantom Thieves make an appearance.
A simple, easy, cut-and-dry plan that only really leads into the setup for what this meeting is
actually about.
Sumire, given the chance, might have attempted to take the secret of her time travel all the
way to her grave. It seemed absurd that anyone could possibly just accept that time travel is
apparently real, especially when Sumire is such an unlikely candidate, and she doesn’t
actually know how it happened.
But, Akechi believed her when she let it slip. And Haru’s been nothing but accepting of all
the crazy things that have been thrown her way over the past week, so…?
“Sumi-chan!” A voice calls from behind her.
“Haru-senpai!” Sumire jumps, and smiles sheepishly, “Uh, when did you get here?”
Akechi trials down the steps behind Haru, “Just now. We ran into each other at the station.”
Haru nods cheerfully, “Mmhm! Shall we get going?”
Sumire blinks, and tries to shove the sense of dread back down into the pit in her stomach,
“Y-yes.” She stutters.
Akechi nods sharply, and takes point as navigator to lead them through the top layers of
subway tunnels to the nearest safe floor.

Haru takes a seat on one of the benches, taking off her hat and placing it on her lap. Akechi
sits opposite her, and Sumire awkwardly shuffles in next to Akechi.
Haru seems to take note of the serious atmosphere, and frowns slightly, “So, what is it that
we need to discuss? Does anyone have any ideas about how to solve our problem with the
thieves?”
Akechi folds his arms, “About that.” He looks at Sumire expectantly.
Sumire starts, “Right. Um. So-”
Haru tilts her head in concern, “What’s wrong?”
“I suppose the first question is how much you’re willing to suspend your disbelief.” Akechi
drawls flatly, shooting Sumire a look.
Haru’s frown turns confused, “…A fair amount?” She says tentatively.
“So, time travel.” Sumire blurts, biting the bullet.
Haru’s eyes widen, “Huh?”
“Time travel. Is, um. A thing I did.” Sumire mumbles, wincing at how she can’t get a grip on
her words. Great start.
Haru’s eyes get even wider, “…What?”
Sumire wrings her hands tightly, not making eye contact, “So, the world ended. Kind of. In
February of next year. And I… got sent back.”
Haru blinks very slowly, mouth making a little ‘o’, “Okay…?”
Sumire whips her head up, “Okay?” She asks hopefully.
Haru shakes her head, bewildered, “I mean, go on.”
Sumire nods quickly, and takes a deep breath, “So, in the last timeline, in January, all of us
were members of the Phantom Thieves,” The words spill out, and Sumire tries to calm
herself down by remembering how she’s done this before, “We were trying to stop Doctor
Maruki from taking complete control over reality, and making everyone’s wishes come true.”
“At the expense of free will.” Akechi cuts in, and Sumire nods in confirmation.
Haru’s brows furrow suddenly, “Wait, Maruki? As in, our school counsellor, Maruki?”
Sumire laughs awkwardly, “Yep.” She says, popping the ‘p’, “Uh, he got a persona, at some
point, and also became a god?”
Haru breathes in and out for a beat, “Okay.” She says quietly.
Akechi cocks his head, “Okay?”

Haru nods slowly, then shakes her head, “I need a second.”
“That’s okay!” Sumire says quickly.
“I hate it too.” Akechi commiserates, and Haru laughs at that.
Haru swallows, and seems to gain a hold of herself again, “So… why did you get sent back?
And how did the world end?”
Sumire opens, and then closes her mouth.
She’s still no closer to figuring out why Ren took Maruki’s deal, and she said to herself that
she wouldn’t reveal the truth until she knew more, so… “We… didn’t manage to finish
getting through Maruki’s palace before the deadline.” She lies, and tries not to think too hard
about the look that Akechi is giving her, “So the world didn’t end, more like Maruki would
have gotten absolute control over it.”
Haru hums softly, “I… see.” She looks back and forth between Sumire and Akechi, “So you
both got…?”
Akechi shakes his head sharply, “No. I don’t remember the last timeline.” Sumire stops
herself from saying ’yet’.
Haru tilts her head, “How is it that you speak about it with such certainty, then?”
Akechi sighs, “Sumire, when she let the time travel issue slip, had a lot of knowledge about
highly specific things that she only could have had if her story was true.” He scoffs, “Or, if
something even more ridiculous had happened.”
“Hm…” Haru nods, her calm demeanour nearly completely back intact, “So, we were all part
of the Phantom Thieves, last time? What changed?”
Sumire shrugs, “Well, I think you actually got your persona early, this time? The thieves fell
for the conspiracy’s trap with Okumura, and I think that’s when you joined them.” She
winces suddenly, realising what she’s implied.
Haru blinks, “Oh! If they fell for it then…” Her face falls as she catches on.
There’s a short silence, and Sumire tenses.
A hundred scenarios suddenly race through her mind. What if she shouldn’t have said that?
What if this all falls apart and she’ll be alone again because she accidentally spilt baggage
that hasn’t even happened, and everything“It seems that I did kill your father last time, yes.” Akechi says blankly, filling the silence
when no one else speaks.
Haru hums and looks down, “Oh…”
Akechi seems to stiffen, and Sumire looks between them frantically, biting her lip.

She decides the best thing to do is to just change the subject, “…Anyway, do you… believe
me?”
Haru looks up, and then gives a small smile, “Well, since Akechi-kun corroborates your
claims, and I don’t really have a reason to disbelieve you, I think I can trust you.”
Sumire blinks, and then brightens, fears suddenly evaporated, “Really!?”
Haru giggles at the enthusiasm, “Mmhm!”
“We can also take you to speak with José, who can also confirm Sumire’s situation.” Akechi
cuts in, with a significantly less cheery tone.
Haru tilts her head, “José?”
Sumire rubs the back of her neck, “He’s… not human?” She starts, “But he lives in
Mementos, and he can sense the timeline stuff.”
Haru looks lost again, “Huh…”
Sumire laughs sheepishly, “Sorry for springing all of this on you all at once…”
Haru shakes her head reassuringly, “It’s okay! I’m glad you told me now, rather than put it
off.” She frowns, “It’s definitely a lot, but I think the biggest thing I’m trying to wrap my
head around is Doctor Maruki…”
“I take it he’s a rather unassuming character.” Akechi says, leaning forward.
Sumire shrugs, “Yep…” She bites her lip, “He’s really… nice, and has a borderline obsession
with snacks.”
Haru nods, “It’s just so hard to imagine him wanting to take control of reality.”
Sumire bites her lip a little harder, then sighs, “…He wanted to do it to try and help people.
He really believed he was doing the right thing but…”
Haru smiles softly, “That’s no way to live.”
Sumire slumps, and returns the smile, “Yeah…”
Akechi huffs, “I’d certainly rather die than allow a madman to edit my personality at will.”
Haru hums in affirmation.
Sumire forces herself to stop fidgeting, and straightens her back, pasting on a more confident
expression, “So, I guess… can I make a request to the group?”
“Of course, Sumi-chan.” Haru says lightly.
Sumire takes a deep breath, “Since we’re all helping Akechi get revenge, and escape the
conspiracy… can I ask that you both help me with stopping Maruki?”

Akechi nods sharply, “It’s only fair.”
“Of course!” Haru says brightly.
Sumire feels a grin spread across her face, “Thank you!” She stands up and takes a grateful
bow, and Akechi tugs at her arm to get her to sit back down.
Haru frowns, looking contemplative, “But what can we do…?”
“We could just kill him.” Akechi deadpans.
Sumire grimaces.
“Any other suggestions?” Haru says sweetly.
Akechi, despite his eyes being obscured, makes it painfully obvious that he’s rolling them.
“Killjoys…” He grumbles.
“I’d like to avoid murder…” Sumire says tentatively.
Akechi waves a dismissive hand, “Fine, have it your way.” He’s smiling slightly, and Sumire
grins back in response. She probably shouldn’t appreciate Akechi’s morbid sense of humour
this much, but she can’t help herself.
Haru looks to be hiding a small smile behind her hand as well, but she manages to school her
expression back to normal before she continues, “When is it that Maruki became a problem,
last time?”
Sumire frowns, wracking her brain, “Well… he was doing some of his more minor reality
editing stuff… I think at least a few years ago.” The memories in Maruki’s palace had shown
that his ex-fiancé Rumi was his first accidental test subject, and Sumire’s pretty sure that was
a while ago.
Haru’s eyes widen in alarm, “Oh dear…”
Sumire quickly waves her hands, “He can’t do much other than altering individual people’s
cognitions, though.”
Akechi hums shortly, placing a gauntleted hand on his chin, “A problem, but nothing that can
affect anything or anyone on a massive scale.” He summarises.
Sumire nods, “Right. He started being able to actualise things around Christmas, I’m pretty
sure.”
Haru looks contemplative, “So we have time.”
“Yes…” Sumire threads her hands together, “I think our main priority is still trying to stop
the Phantom Thieves from, well, getting themselves killed.”
Akechi snorts, “Agreed.”

Haru nods absently. She looks contemplative, and then turns to Sumire, “I’m wondering…
how is it that you even time-travelled to begin with, Sumi-chan?”
Sumire wishes she had an answer to that.
The only thing she can really remember about February third is running out of Leblanc, then
everything gets hazy.
Except…
She’s running… somewhere. She can tell she’s panicking, distantly, but she also knows that if
she tries to fix it, she’ll waste time that she doesn’t have.
She doesn’t even know where Akechi is. Let alone whether he could actually do anything.
Something in her shivers- after all this time she still can’t do anything on her own.
She bites her lip, and drags herself out of that train of thought. Now is absolutely not the time
to be having a crisis of dependency, with her entire being and the fate of the world at stake.
She chokes back a sob. Why, why, is this happening? She trusted Ren with her entire heart,
and still.
She stumbles, the falling snow picking up in the wind, making sharp little pricks against her
exposed skin. She skids against the ground, falling to her knees, a wave of exhaustion
crashing against her.
Damnit, is Maruki’s reality taking hold already? Did they ever have time to fight him, had
they tried? She tries to stand back up, but her legs buckle each time.
“Please…” She whispers to the air. She can’t even see the street, anymore. The snow blankets
her vision in white.
Except, there’s a flash of blue.
Someone’s saying something. She can’t hear them, butA butterfly lands in front of her, andSumire snaps back to reality, where Haru and Akechi are looking at her expectantly.
“A lot was happening,” Sumire says slowly, condensing everything that was into something
as evasive as possible, “but… I remember… a butterfly?” She says, unsure. Maybe she
hallucinated it? What would a butterfly be doing out in the snow?
Akechi’s head snaps up, “A butterfly? Was it blue?”
Sumire gapes, “I, yes? How did you know?”
Akechi sighs wearily, flipping up his visor to pinch the bridge of his nose, “…There’s a place
called the Velvet Room that houses several extra-dimensional beings. Think beings like

José.”
Sumire stares.
Haru looks just as bewildered, “It’s… just a place?”
Akechi’s mouth twists, “Did either of you see a blue door floating in space near the entrance
to the Mementos tunnels?”
Sumire shakes her head, “No, nothing like that.” She says, because that sounds insane.
Says the time traveller, Ella points out, and, yeah, good point.
Akechi scowls, “I see… I’m not entirely sure what the requirements for entry are. I doubt it’s
just ‘persona users.’ They’ve mentioned a contract, on multiple occasions.”
Haru looks contemplative, “I see…” She giggles, “It’s like an exclusive club!”
Sumire pushes the worrying implications of all that out of her mind. “It kind of is…” Her
eyes widen involuntarily, “What if it’s a wildcard thing?”
“That would imply that Amamiya has access as well.” Akechi points out.
Sumire shrugs, “Maybe?”
Akechi frowns, considering, before he scowls, “Well. It’s probably more likely than not, now
that I think about it.”
“Wildcard?” Haru pipes up.
“Someone who can have more than one persona.” Akechi explains, then sighs, “Anyway, my
point is that the Velvet Room has a habit of using recurring motifs, and I recall that
conspicuously blue butterflies are one of them.”
Sumire presses her lips together, “So do you think…?”
If the Velvet Room is responsible for all this, then it redoubles the question as to why they
chose Sumire, of all people. Assuming she’s right on her wildcard hunch, then it would really
make a lot more sense for the Velvet Room to pick, well, a wildcard, like José said was
normal.
Akechi shrugs, looking to be having a similar internal debate to Sumire, “Maybe. I can ask
them, if you wish.”
Haru tilts her head, “You seem apprehensive.”
Akechi barks a laugh, “Well, the Velvet Room residents are all useless fucks.”
Sumire opens, and then closes her mouth. “Oh.”

Akechi groans, scraping a hand down his face, “They call me into the space at random during
my dreams, and talk at me for a while about bullshit until they let me go back to sleep.”
Haru seems to be trying not to smile. “Does that mean you have to wait until they call you?”
She asks, regaining control of her face.
Akechi shakes his head, “No. I can enter one of the doors that exist in the real or cognitive
world and try and get something out of them then.”
Sumire furrows her eyebrows, “Wait, they exist in the real world?”
“Unfortunately.” Akechi drawls, “I always avoid them.”
“How come?” Haru asks.
“One of the residents waits outside, and she’s an annoying brat.” Akechi deadpans.
Sumire waves her hands apologetically, “If you really don’t want to talk to them, then you
don’t have to!”
Akechi sighs, “No, I’m exaggerating.” He presses his lips together, “Well, I’m not, but the
information we could obtain may be incredibly valuable.”
Haru smiles sweetly, “I’m sure you’ll live.”
“I’m sure.” Akechi says dryly.
Sumire smiles, and claps her hands together, “So, is that our plan, then? Try and get some
more information on the timeline?”
“For now, yes.” Akechi agrees.
Haru grimaces, “Do we have any ideas about the situation with the thieves?”
Sumire slumps, “No…”
Akechi waves a hand, “We still have time. Medjed is a set up by Shido, so the thieves will
‘triumph’ whether they try or not.”
Understanding dawns on Haru’s face, “Right… I remember you implied that earlier.”
“So, what the thieves do only starts to actually matter once they have a choice to target
Okumura?” Sumire clarifies.
Akechi nods stiffly, “Yes.”
Haru frowns, “Medjed’s deadline is… the twenty-second, right?”
“Correct.” Akechi says, and then turns his head, “Sumire, do you remember when Okumura
died last time?”

Sumire winces, and then furrows her brows in contemplation, “I think it was about midway
through October… Public opinion really crashed. And Amamiya-senpai had to fake his death
at one point, too.”
“Ah. Did he, now?” Akechi says quietly.
Haru cuts in, “Anyway, even if we haven’t made a lot of progress yet, we still have time.”
She stands up, “So shall we get to work?”
Sumire kicks off the bench, “Alright!”
Akechi joins them in standing, and turns to head back towards the entrance, “I’ll call a
meeting once I manage to get something out of the Velvet Room.” He says over his shoulder,
though his tone implies he doesn’t expect much.
(In Akechi’s mind, he feels the Fool reach rank two.)
***
It takes until the next day for Akechi to suck it up and go to the Velvet Room. Not because he
didn’t have time the day before, but rather because he didn’t have it in him to deal with them.
He goes to Mementos first, not wanting to take a gamble on how going to the Velvet Room in
the real world looks like, and quietly slips inside the blue courtroom door, giving Buns an
awkward nod as he passes through.
She scoffs, and follows him in, tapping her baton in her hand in a way that Akechi assumes is
supposed to be menacing.
“What brings you here, trickster?” Braids says from behind the prosecutor’s bench, and Buns
goes to join her.
“I have some questions.” Akechi starts with no preamble. He doesn’t expect to gain anything,
so he’s more than happy to get this over with as quickly as possible.
“Our purpose is to aid you,” Igor booms from the judge’s plinth, and Akechi privately calls
bullshit on that one.
“Right,” He says instead, and sighs, “What do you know about the state of reality at the
moment?”
“You need to be more specific, defendant!” Buns snaps, “That could mean anything!”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I mean, what do you know about-” He cuts himself off, and frowns.
“Trickster?” Igor prompts.
Akechi tries a different angle, “How much of my activities in the real and cognitive world do
you see?”

“We can feel your bonds strengthening,” Braids starts,
“Which you’re not supposed to be doing!” Buns interjects,
Braids continues like her sister didn’t speak, “And we can feel ripples within the other world,
and the hearts you choose to rend asunder.”
So nothing specific. Or, so they say.
“What about you?” Akechi nods curtly at Igor, “How much do you see of my actions?”
“I oversee the game as a whole,” Igor threads his fingers together, “Your actions have
consequences, and I see how they play out.”
An entirely vague response, but definitely an implication that Igor sees far more than the
twins do.
Or so he says.
“In that case,” Akechi starts, “What do you know about how time has folded on itself?”
The twin’s head both snap up, looking alarmed. Igor chuckles.
“Time?” Igor questions, “Fascinating. You say that reality has been disturbed?”
Akechi clenches his fists, and hopes he isn’t making a mistake, “Yes.” He grits out.
“Where did you come to obtain this knowledge?” Igor leans forward.
“Is that relevant to the point?” Akechi asks snidely.
It’s at this point that Akechi would expect a comment from Buns or Braids, complaining
about his demeanour. Surprisingly, he’s met with silence. He eyes them in the corner of his
vision, and cocks an eyebrow at the twins exchanging discomforted and confused looks.
“I only ask to verify the claim’s validity.” Igor says, shifting to tap the desk rhythmically.
“What?” Akechi sneers, “Can’t sense it, or anything?”
That seems to snap Buns out of her stupor, “Don’t be disrespectful!”
“The fabric of reality is a fragile weave,” Igor says in a rumbling voice, “If it has truly folded,
then it is something us residents ought to look into. Trickster, could you inform us of any
more information you may find on this possible distortion?”
Like hell he will. “Sure,” Akechi lies, “If that’s all?” He asks for dismissal instinctively.
“Take your leave.” Igor waves a hand, and Akechi can feel the twins’ eyes on him as he turns
and opens the door back to Mementos.

“You’re a real strange one, defendant.” He hears Buns say behind him. He turns, and sees
both of the twins have followed him outside.
“What do you want?” Akechi says flatly.
“Such rudeness…” Braids sighs, “We wish to discuss something with you.”
“I gathered.” Akechi rolls his eyes, and crosses his arms.
“We tell you to not forge bonds,” Buns starts, looking uncharacteristically awkward, “But…
there’s something about that that sounds weird to us.”
Akechi tilts his head, “Go on.”
“You are a wildcard.” Braids states, “One who holds the potential for multiple personas.” She
sighs, tapping her clipboard, “And yet, we make no effort to nurture that power.”
“What about Amamiya?” Akechi cuts in, “My Justice arcana. I know he’s a wildcard too. Do
you attend to him in the Velvet Room as well?”
The twins blanch slightly, before Buns huffs and rolls her eyes, “The inmate has way more
bonds than you.” She says like she’s trying to boast.
Well. That certainly confirms a lot.
Amamiya has access to the Velvet Room. Though, judging by the epithet ‘inmate’, could his
room take the form of a prison, rather than a courtroom?
What a pair they are.
“Do you yell at him for that as much as you yell at me?” Akechi snarks.
“Well,” Braids sighs, “That is where we’re confused. The inmate is actively encouraged to
nurture his bonds, and yet you are discouraged. You’re both wildcards, so why does our
master insist we treat you both differently?”
“We want to do some research for ourselves!” Buns cuts in, tapping her baton against the
ground, “The inmate can recruit personas by convincing shadows to join him, and we want to
see if you can do the same.”
“I see.” Akechi narrows his eyes, “Convincing shadows, you said? Any stipulations? Or
advice?”
“Personas are the mask of the heart.” Braids says serenely, “To convince them to join you is
to mirror their demeanour.”
Akechi nods, digesting the information. “How about you, Buns?” He turns to the other twin,
“Any advice?”

Buns opens her mouth, before she looks affronted, “Buns?!” She shrieks, “Do you not
remember my name!?”
“No.” Akechi says blankly.
She scowls at him, “My name is Caroline!” She says snappishly, “And that’s Justine!” She
jabs her baton in the direction of her sister.
Justine shakes her head, “I suppose that explains why you never address either of us by
name.”
“I assure you, that’s not the only reason.” Akechi deadpans.
Caroline barks a laugh, unexpectedly, andThe twins’ eyes widen as the world cracksI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Temperence arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Justine tilts her head contemplatively, “The Temperance?” She flips through her clipboard,
“An arcana largely representative of balance in all things. A curious choice, for us.”
Caroline scoffs, and then looks uncomfortable, “We’re really defying our master with this
bond, huh?” She presses her lips together, before puffing out her chest, “You better make this
worth our while, defendant!”
“And you’re insulted that I didn’t remember your names.” Akechi rolls his eyes, “But sure.
I’ll try and recruit a persona.” However the hell that’s supposed to work.
Akechi turns to leave, before he feels a hum from his personas. He frowns, wondering if it’s
discomfort at the idea of allowing another presence into his soul. He’ll find out once he tries,
either way.
But that’s not the only thing he remembers, as Robin and Loki ping for his attention.
It’s been some time since his personas have retreated into the depths of his mind. He relishes
the lack of static that plagued his head at an alarming rate of increasing frequency, his
personas becoming more stable presences in his mind.
They’re even arguing less. Akechi thought he’d never see the day.
He doesn’t want to attribute a cause to the change.

(He knows, somewhere, that the weave of his bonds have sewn the fragments of his soul
together more and more, until he can pretend like there’s no fracture at all.
It’s still there, but it’s nice to pretend.)
But there’s one place that still forces his personas somewhere else. Not into buzzing static,
necessarily, but into an eerie quiet.
“Caroline. Justine.” Akechi turns back around to address the twins, “Why is it that I can’t feel
my personas’ presence within the Velvet Room?”
The twins exchange a look. Caroline shrugs, “Dunno.” Which is just so helpful.
Justine sighs, “It is yet another discrepancy between the services provided for you, and the
services provided for the inmate. We help the inmate manage his myriad personas, but we
don’t even have the equipment to try in your room.”
“I see.” Akechi hums.
There was never a time where he trusted Igor. That could be said for a lot of people in
Akechi’s life, but especially for the weird old man who visits his dreams with cryptic portents
of ruin.
The fact that Akechi is apparently treated differently to Amamiya for some elusive reason, as
determined by equally elusive beings, makes him clench his jaw.
Who the hell is anyone to decide how Akechi needs to conduct his life?
(Who the hell is anyone to decide how Amamiya does the same?)
Fuck that. Akechi thinks vehemently. He won’t let Igor’s words sway him.
***
It takes Akechi a few days to call the group back for a Mementos trip.
“So? Did you find anything out?” Sumire asks, trying and failing to not seem too eager.
Akechi shakes his head, “No. Nothing of note, other than that the Velvet Room either
genuinely doesn’t know about time looping, or they’re unwilling to share their knowledge.”
Sumire slumps, looking disappointed.
“Sorry.” Akechi tacks on flatly.
Sumire jumps, “No, no, it’s not your fault!” She waves her hands in front of her, “I guess I
was really hoping that they would know…”
“It definitely seemed like the simplest solution.” Haru pipes up from behind Akechi, having
just walked down the stairs. She joins the circle, “Are we going to head back to the safe

room?”
“No.” Akechi says, to the clear confusion of Sumire and Haru, “There’s something I need to
do with the shadows first.”
Sumire furrows her brows, “What do you need?”
Akechi sighs, “While I didn’t get any relevant information from the Velvet Room, the twins
did confirm that Amamiya is another of their guests.”
Haru hums contemplatively, “So, does that mean it is related to the wildcard thing you
mentioned?”
Akechi nods sharply, “Yes, it appears that way.”
Sumire opens and closes her mouth. “I- the twins?”
“The brats that live there.” Akechi scowls, and Sumire hides a laugh behind her hand.
Akechi is glad that the door to the Velvet Room is a floor above them, because he imagines
that he would have gotten a baton thrown at him for that one.
“Anyway,” Akechi continues, “In light of a difference between myself and Amamiya, they
tasked me with trying something out.” He slides down the escalator railing, Haru and Sumire
jogging to keep up.
“Which would be?” Haru says to his side.
Akechi whips out his gun, and fires at the first lumbering shadow in his sight. Sumire yelps
in surprise, and quickly jumps into a battle formation. Haru scrambles to copy her stance.
“Negotiation.” Akechi says flatly, staring down the pack of pixies that have formed in front
of them.
“Ohhh.” Sumire drawls out, eyes wide. She tilts her head, “I remember Amamiya-senpai
would sometimes turn shadows into personas after he talked with them for a bit.”
“Great,” Akechi aims his gun again, “You can coach me through it.”
Sumire blanches, and stutters, “Uh, first, I think you want to knock all the enemies down?”
Akechi nods sharply, “They’re weak to gun.” He calls to the room.
Haru giggles, and hauls her rocket launcher to her shoulder, “Please, allow me.”
Akechi waves a hand, and smirks as the pixies all shriek back form the explosion, dropping
to the ground. Akechi shoots Sumire a look.
She jumps, “Ah! Right, now we need to surround them.”

The three of them dash forward and surround the four pixies, all aiming their guns in a
warning.
“What the hell?!” One of the pixies wails.
Sumire nods rapidly at Akechi, and he sighs.
“Care to join my cause?” He starts, making a show of flicking the safety on and off the gun.
The pixie scowls, “Is this how you treat a lady you just met?” She scoffs, “But fine, I guess
we can talk.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Talk?” He lifts the gun slightly, “I don’t believe you realise the
position you’re in.”
The pixie sticks her tongue out, “Rude! I’m being generous here!” She crosses her arms and
pouts, “What are you even going to do if you kill me?”
“Um,” Sumire whispers awkwardly, “I think maybe try to be nicer?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and turns back to the pixie, “Nothing at all,” He says in a reassuring
voice, “In fact, I won’t need to kill you at all if you help me out.”
The pixie huffs angrily, “Nothing?! You’re so wasteful! And presumptuous, too!”
Akechi supresses a sneer, and instead pastes on a pretty smile. “My apologies,” He says
sweetly, “What is it that you want from this exchange then?”
The pixie taps her chin performatively, then giggles meanly, “Maybe you could become my
servant! I’ve always wanted one of those!”
CAN WE JUST KILL HER ALREADY? Loki hisses in Akechi’s mind.
Akechi tilts his head, considering. To his side, Sumire gives an encouraging thumbs-up,
oblivious to what Akechi is actually contemplating.
The pixie bats her eyelashes, and then screams in shock as Akechi shoots her without further
preamble, the other pixies scattering in a rush.
“Oh…” Haru lowers her rocket launcher.
Sumire blinks, “But…”
“I didn’t like her.” Akechi offers as explanation.
“Well, I suppose you would want to be compatible in a situation like this…” Haru murmurs,
some confusion still lacing her tone.
Sumire looks downtrodden, and Akechi shuffles awkwardly. “We’ll try on another one,” He
says to her stiffly, “Your explanation was perfectly acceptable.”

Sumire’s head snaps up, and she smiles sheepishly, “Thank you. I, um, wasn’t sure if I
remembered properly, since it’s been a while.”
“I believe the basic steps are intact,” Akechi says, gesturing to where the pixies were
gathered, “I just need a better candidate.”
Haru hums, and then nods cheerfully, “Shall we get to it, then?”
Sumire brightens, “This could be fun. Like a bonding activity, you know?” Akechi rolls his
eyes at the declaration.
Despite the enthusiasm, it seems as the three progress at a snail’s pace through the first few
floors of Mementos, that none of these shadows could be classified as a ‘better candidate’.
“Give yourself to the lord,” One archangel says, “And I will join you.”
Akechi shoots that one before it can get another word in.
“Are you stalk-hee-ing me, ho?” A jack-o-lantern babbles.
“No.” Akechi says stiffly, using all the willpower in the world to keep his smile in place, “I
was wondering if you might lend me your power.”
“I’m very-hee popular, ho!” The shadow exclaims, “I only give my power to pe-hee-ple in
my league, ho!”
Akechi shoots a look to Sumire, who gives a weak shrug in response.
Akechi returns the shrug, and shoots the jack-o-lantern in the head.
“Lend you my power?” A succubus simpers, licking her lips, “Well, I might, if you just-”
Haru ends up shooting that one.
“Oh, sorry!” She gasps, not looking particularly sorry at all, “I assumed you wouldn’t like
that one.”
Akechi snorts, “You assumed correctly.”
It takes until an entirely new section of Mementos, the pulsing subway walls bathed in a
sickly yellow as opposed to the crimson red and deep indigo blue that came before it, until
Akechi encounters a shadow that catches his eye.
“It’s immune to physical attacks!” Akechi shouts to the other two, “Piece of shit…”
Sumire winces, as her past tactic of buffing the party’s affinity for critical hits on their
physical attacks becomes useless. “Any weaknesses?” She asks with a hopeful lilt.
Akechi narrows his eyes, and stares the paper-thin shadow down. It laughs cruelly as Haru
tries for a gun attack, only to be met with yet another impenetrable wall. As its head spins,

white and red swirling in a blur, Akechi tilts his head, and,
“Nuclear.” He growls, and Haru and Sumire deflate. Akechi hisses through his teeth, “We’ll
have to go for something else.”
“Like what?” Haru turns her head slightly, dodging out of the way of the shadow’s bullets.
Akechi snarls at the shadow, quickly rushing through his teammates’ abilities in his head.
“Haru,” He calls sharply, “Cast confusion when I give the signal.”
She nods quickly. Akechi throws out a debilitate spell, and the shadow growls in frustration.
Akechi raises a hand for Haru to act, and she smiles and tips her hat slightly.
“Milady!” She shouts, “Tentarafoo!”
The shadow staggers, its disconnected head lolling in a circle. Akechi grins and shoots Haru
an approving look.
“Now,” he continues, “Hit it with psychic!”
Haru nods again, and throws off her mask in a flash of blue fire, jagged purple and dizzying
pink engulfing the shadow, as it shrieks and falls to the ground.
“You did it!” Sumire exclaims triumphantly as she aims her gun at the fallen shadow.
Haru looks downright bubbly as she aims her own weapon, looking pleased with her
performance and the praise.
“Wait,” The shadow starts as Akechi marches up to it, “Let me live.”
Sumire hums softly, “It seems kind of irritable, so I think it might like it if you’re direct.” She
giggles, “This one might actually be right up your alley, Akechi.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and turns back to the shadow.
“I’ll spare you,” He starts, “If you agree to give me your power.”
“I’ve seen you, human,” The shadow starts its spiel, “Always so violent. Why do you do these
things?”
Akechi bites back a snort, and remembers Sumire’s advice. “Because violence is a tool,” He
says honestly, “If it brings me closer to my goals, then I won’t hesitate to use it.”
“Ah, I understand.” The shadow hums, “You are determined, human. But what happens
when you can’t get what you want?”
“Then I just have to try harder.” Akechi scoffs, “I won’t settle for ‘good enough’,”
The shadow nods sagely, “You and I are alike.” It stands abruptly, and Haru and Sumire raise
their weapons in warning, but the shadow pays them no mind.

“I remember now,” The shadow declares, “I am thou, thou art I. My name is Shiji-Ouki, and
I’ll be your mask from now on.”
The shadow dissolves into a shimmering mass, flickering into the shape of Akechi’s mask. It
flies forward, and Akechi flinches back as the light cracks into his mask, dispersing.
“Fuck.” He hisses, gripping the sides of his head as something to the left of pain tugs at his
nerves, settling uncomfortably in the space where Robin Hood and Loki sit.
“Akechi-kun?” Haru exclaims, rushing forward, overlapping with Sumire’s cry of “Are you
okay?!”
Akechi can feel the threads of arcana in his chest stretch and strain and weave to
accommodate the foreign presence in his heart, sewing shut the gaping wound that threatens
to crack open a dam, andThe sensation passes, and Akechi feels the new mask settle, awkwardly, into place.
“I’m fine,” He grits out, waving the other’s hovering hands away.
“Did it-” Sumire starts, “It- it worked!” She claps her hands together, looking delighted.
“It certainly seems that way.” Akechi hisses as he rolls his shoulders back into place.
“That’s amazing!” Haru smiles brightly, and then tilts her head, “Is that all we needed to do
today?”
“We might as well get some other things out of the way while we’re here.” Akechi says,
keeping his voice level as he’s still reeling from the shock of a new persona.
How interesting for another to join us, Robin hums cheerfully, A band of merry men,
indeed.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? Loki snarls, THERE’S HARDLY EVEN ROOM FOR TWO
IN HERE.
Akechi rubs at his temples, and pushes the voices out of the front of his mind. “We could go
to meet José, now that we’re in Mementos. And we could toss around some ideas about what
to do with the thieves and see if something sticks.”
Haru nods slowly, “That sounds good.” She frowns, “Are you sure you’re alright?”
“I’m fine.” Akechi snaps.
Sumire smiles tentatively, “Alright, then. Um, should we go look for José?”
“No need.” Akechi says, folding his arms. He mentally tugs at the Star arcana, and taps his
foot impatiently as Sumire and Haru stare at him in confusion.

Haru opens her mouth, presumably to ask why they’re standing around, before she yelps as
José’s car comes careening around the corner of the subway tunnel.
“Oh, hey mister!” He shouts, giving an enthusiastic wave. He looks at Sumire, “Oh, you’re
here too, miss!”
“Hello José!” Sumire returns the enthusiastic wave.
Haru, understandably, looks bewildered.
“I know you said he wasn’t human,” She whispers quietly to Akechi as Sumire jogs up to the
car, “But I don’t think that was a particularly adequate explanation to… this.”
“It gets worse.” Akechi says flatly, walking up to join Sumire.
“So why’d you call, mister?” José blinks up at him.
“We wanted to introduce you to Haru!” Sumire says brightly.
“Oh, um, hello, José,” Haru smiles, “It’s nice to meet you.”
“It’s nice to meet you too, miss!” José grins, “Have we met before?”
Haru tilts her head, “Oh, not to my knowledge?”
José hums, “Maybe last time, then? Oh well.”
Haru blinks, and then nods slowly.
José pays no mind to her confusion, instead turning his attention back to Akechi, “Huh…
hey, mister, you got another persona!”
“I did.” Akechi nods.
“Hey, good job!” José says brightly, before suddenly frowning, “Hm… I think there was
something about that…?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, before José jumps, “Oh, I remember now!”
“Remember what?” Akechi asks sharply.
“You asked me if I know what the bonds are for,” José starts, “And I finally remembered!”
Sumire opens her mouth to speak, but clicks it shut as José barrels on, “Their main purpose is
to do with fusing personas.” He says, “If you have a strong bond with someone of a particular
arcana, then personas that you fuse with that arcana will be stronger too!”
“How do I fuse personas?” Akechi asks sceptically.
“Oh, well,” José trail off, and frowns, “I think there’s supposed to be someone who does that
for you? I can tell the other mister fuses a lot of personas…”

“’Other mister’?” Haru cuts in, eyes narrowed.
“The one with the cool trench coat!” José says cheerfully.
“That would be Amamiya-senpai.” Sumire offers, and Haru nods in understanding.
Akechi hums darkly as the pieces come together. He suspects that the services Amamiya is
provided in the Velvet Room involve the fusion of personas, likely to create stronger ones
through what he collects by negotiation with shadows.
That begs the eternal question of why the hell Akechi doesn’t get access to any of this.
José furrows his eyebrows, “Although… actually, mister, I think I could fuse personas for
you if you wanted.”
Akechi’s eyebrows shoot up, “Is that so?”
José nods, “Yup!” He lifts his giant toy hammer in the air, “I could probably do it the same
way I can alter Mementos.”
“Could you fuse some now?” Akechi asks, and immediately frowns. It probably requires at
least two personas to perform a fusion, meaning he’d have to sacrifice at least Robin or Loki.
He doesn’t feel particularly attached to Shiji-ouki, and the persona barely reacts at the
thought of being destroyed. However, as Akechi weighs his options between his two initial
personas, they both shift and shudder in his mind, dousing his veins in ice.
Akechi gets the feeling he wouldn’t enjoy the outcome if he tried to fuse either of them.
“I could…” José responds, “But I wouldn’t recommend it right now, mister.”
Akechi lets out a short breath of relief, as Sumire tilts her head, “How come?”
“Well,” José starts, “You’d have to get rid of one of the personas you first awakened to,
which I think is usually fine.” He scratches his head awkwardly, “But your soul’s all over the
place. I think it would probably hurt if you tried to do anything while you’re split like that.”
“Wonderful.” Akechi says dryly.
“But, hey!” José says suddenly, “Your soul looks a whole lot nicer with all those bonds
knitting it together! Keep that up, and you’ll be whole in no time!”
Akechi winces at the analysis of his state of being while Sumire and Haru eye him curiously,
“Thank you, José.” He strains out.
“No problem, mister.” José grins happily, and brightens even further when the Star reaches
rank five, “Oh, our bond just got stronger. That’s great! Did you need anything else?”
“No.” Akechi shakes his head.

“Well, I’ll see you around, then.” José waves, “If you pick up anymore personas, then I can
fuse those ones for you!”
Before Akechi gets a chance to respond, José peels away, drifting around the corner.
“Huh.” Haru hums.
“That was… a lot of things I didn’t understand.” Sumire says sheepishly, and turns to Akechi,
“So, what are bonds?”
Akechi sighs, “They’re… representations of my connection with others, or something.”
Haru smiles, “Does that mean you have them with us?”
“Yes.” Akechi says tightly.
“Oh, that’s great!” Sumire claps her hands together, looking far too excited by the
admittance.
Haru tilts her head contemplatively, “’Bonds’ seems like such a vague term… does it
encompass any kind of connection?”
“In a sense.” Akechi shrugs, “Each bond I have is represented by one of the major arcana in
tarot decks, so that seems to cover the variety.”
“Oh, what are we represented by?” Sumire asks curiously.
“You’re the Magician,” Akechi gestures to Sumire, “You’re the Strength,” He gestures at
Haru.
Haru giggles, “Strength, hm? That’s rather flattering.”
Sumire snickers, “The Magician? Think you could teach me some card tricks?”
“It’s not-” Akechi cuts himself off and scowls, wondering why he even cares, “Whatever.”
Sumire dissolves into proper giggles, and Akechi fights to keep the scowl on his face as his
lips twitch upwards.
Mercifully, neither Haru nor Sumire make a comment on the apparent state of Akechi’s soul.
(The Fool reaches rank 3. Akechi stifles a snort.)
“Anyway,” Akechi cuts over Sumire’s continued laughter, “I should go tell the twins the
news.”
Sumire gets a hold of herself, “Did they think it might not be possible for you to recruit
personas like Amamiya-senpai does?”
“That appears to be one of their theories as to why I haven’t been given the same treatment.”
Akechi scoffs, “That is now debunked, however.”

“Shall we head back then?” Haru asks.
Akechi nods, and the three make their way back to the first floor of Mementos.
Akechi walks up to the Velvet blue door, and gives a sharp nod to Caroline.
“I’ve fulfilled your request.” He says flatly.
Caroline hmphs, “Well, look at that, defendant. I didn’t expect you to succeed.” She cracks
open the door an inch, “Hey! Justine!” She shouts into the room.
With a sigh audible from outside the room, Justine steps out to join her sister. She flips
through her clipboard, “It seems that you were successful in your endeavours.” She says,
sounding more enthused than Akechi’s ever heard her, “I suppose that proves that you hold
the same abilities as the inmate.”
“And you don’t even have a bond with that arcana too…” Caroline narrows her eyes.
“What arcana is it?” Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Justine taps her clipboard firmly, “The Chariot.” She declares, “A card currently missing
from your deck.”
“I guess that proves even more that you and the inmate are the same,” Caroline crosses her
arms, “He doesn’t need a corresponding bond to form a contract, either. It just makes em’
stronger.”
“I see.” Akechi hums.
Justine frowns, “It seems we’ve uncovered more questions than we’ve answered.”
“Yep.” Caroline groans.
“Defendant,” Justine turns to face Akechi, “Could we ask that you continue to acquire new
personas? Seeing how you react to new presences in your heart may uncover more truth
behind why your Velvet Room is in such a state.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Have you seen rooms and guests outside of myself and
Amamiya?”
“I- no?” Caroline squints, “I think… ugh!” She stops the ground in frustration, “This happens
all the time!”
“I’m unable to recall as well…” Justine frowns.
“Do you two have memory issues?” Akechi tilts his head.
“None of your business, defendant!” Caroline snaps.
Akechi rolls his eyes. “Whatever. I’ll get another persona for you to look at.”

“See that you do.” Justine nods.
The Temperence reaches rank two, and Caroline huffs.
“We’re really in it now…” She mumbles.
“You’re the one who asked for this.” Akechi says dispassionately, turning on his heel to start
walking back to where Haru and Sumire are standing.
“Yeah, we know!” Caroline hits her baton of the ground, scowling.
Akechi smirks as he walks back over to the others.
“A question,” Akechi cuts into their conversation, “What did that just look like to you two?”
Haru blinks, “You said you were talking with some people from the Velvet Room? Um…”
“Huh…” Sumire frowns, “I think you were just standing there, spacing out? But it didn’t
seem odd, in my head.”
“I see.” Akechi says, narrowing his eyes. It seems that the Velvet Room has a habit of
slipping people’s minds.
Akechi shakes his head, “Anyway, what were you discussing?”
Sumire sighs, “We were just throwing some ideas around…”
“We were considering the pattern of who the Phantom Thieves choose to target, to try and
think of how we might dissuade them from targeting my father.” Haru explains.
Sumire tugs on her ponytail, “So far, I think they only really target people when they have a
personal reason to. Even Kaneshiro, I think Makoto-senpai wanted to target him because of
all the phishing scams that were affecting students.”
“That checks out.” Akechi nods sharply, “What about Medjed, though? There isn’t much of a
personal connection there, other than pressure from the public.”
“Oh, well, actually,” Sumire starts, “Right now, the thieves are changing Futaba Sakura’s
heart, so that she can help them take Medjed down.”
“They’re what?” Akechi snarls.
Sumire jumps, “Oh, um, I think that Futaba asked for them to change her heart!” She says
quickly, “They’re not just doing it so that she’ll help them! Um, her palace is a tomb, so…”
“Oh…” Haru says softly.
Akechi nods stiffly.
Of course Futaba Sakura joins the Phantom Thieves. Of course she developed a palace. Of
course her palace is a tomb.

Of course, because why wouldn’t the daughter of the first person he killed (Second,
something cruel whispers) be desperate enough to ask a bunch of teenagers to edit her
cognition.
“I see.” Akechi eventually says, carefully neutral, under Sumire’s worried look.
“Um, okay.” She says quietly.
“…Do you know Sakura-chan, Akechi-kun?” Haru asks tentatively.
“In passing.” He says blandly.
Haru hums, and Akechi gets the feeling that she sees straight through him.
“A-anyway,” Sumire stutters awkwardly, “Since the thieves seem to need a personal reason to
change someone’s heart, then I thought that we could probably just not give them the
reason.”
“If I joined the Phantom Thieves around the time they attempted to change my father’s heart
last time, then it might have been by my request that they did it.” Haru says smoothly, “But
they won’t have that, this time.”
“It’s a possible angle to take.” Akechi says blankly, “But if that’s all?”
“Um, yes.” Sumire wrings her hands.
Akechi nods, “In that case, I suppose we’ll meet again once there’s a development.”
Haru and Sumire both give their gestures and hums of agreement, and Akechi stiffly turns
and leaves Mementos.
He needs to clear his head.
***
When Sumire gets home, she isn’t sure if she’s making a mistake when she texts Akechi.
Sumi☆: im sorry that I brought up Futaba
She gets a response almost immediately.
Akechi: Why are you apologising? It’s not like we can dance around her like she isn’t
involved.
Sumire smiles a little.
Sumi☆: you seemed upset, though!
Sumi☆: I didnt mean to bring up any bad memories
Akechi: You know my relation to her, then?

Sumire bites her lip before she starts typing.
Sumi☆: yes
Her phone starts ringing. She jumps, and hurriedly picks up the call.
“This isn’t the best conversation to be having over text, I believe.” Akechi’s voice filters in.
Sumire laughs, “Probably not.” She fidgets with her skirt, “Um, are you…?”
“I’m fine.” Akechi says curtly, “I was just caught off guard, earlier today.”
“Right.” Sumire says. “I- you know Futaba because of her mom, right?”
Akechi snorts, “You’re asking if I killed her?”
Sumire blanches, “Well-” This is what she’s asking, but now she kind of wishes she didn’t,
“Nevermind.”
“It’s fine.” Akechi says dismissively, “I gave her a mental shutdown, yes.”
“Oh.” Sumire mumbles, “I kind of figured it out, when you were avoiding me. I managed to
go to Futaba’s palace.” Akechi hums for her to continue, “I spoke with her shadow a bit, and
she said that her mom committed suicide. But it seemed kind of suspicious? And combined
with all the stuff I know from last time, I just kind of figured it out…”
There’s a choked laugh from the other end, “Suicide, huh? You know I never really kept track
of what happened to Futaba after I killed Wakaba. I wonder if she came to that conclusion
herself, or if Shido put the idea in her head?”
“Um, there were some men who read out a suicide note to her,” Sumire says, curling in on
herself, “So it might be the latter, I think.”
“Of-fucking-course.” Akechi spits, and then chuckles bitterly, “I don’t know what I expected
to happen. It isn’t like Shido to leave loose ends. I just-” He sighs sharply, and cuts himself
off.
“Just…?” Sumire prompts, tucking her knees under her chin.
“My mom killed herself,” Akechi says quietly, “And I guess it’s a special kind of irony that I
made another kid go through the same thing.”
“Oh, Akechi,” Sumire gasps, horrified, “I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t.” Akechi cuts in sharply, “It’s not-” he sighs, “I knew that I would be orphaning
someone, when I killed Wakaba. She would never shut up about her daughter sometimes.” He
scoffs, though it sounds strained, “And I don’t regret it, either. So I don’t have the right to feel
bad about it.”
Sumire hums, “I think you can feel however you want…”

“It hardly matters.” Akechi says, and then lets out a short huff, “Wakaba was a complicated
woman, is the most concise way to put it. Part of me wishes she was a shitty mother so that
Futaba could have felt the same way I did, when she died.” He snorts, “But that’s a fucked up
thing to think, isn’t it?”
“A little,” Sumire huffs with a small smile.
“Yeah.” Akechi clicks his tongue, “I don’t know why I’m spilling all of this shit to you.”
“I’m glad you’re telling me.” Sumire says, genuinely, “I think I’ve compartmentalised
everything that’s been happening. I haven’t really… thought about all the stuff you’ve done,
much.”
“Having second thoughts?” Comes the dry response.
Sumire giggles, “No matter how many times you ask, the answer’s still ‘no’.”
There’s a pause, and then a huff, “I suppose I should thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” Sumire says brightly, then softens a bit, “I know it’s not the same, but I
understand what it’s like to feel responsible for someone’s death.”
“Your sister, I assume?”
“Yeah…” Sumire bites her lip, “I know now that it wasn’t really my fault. It was Kasumi’s
choice to try and save me, and I learned to be grateful that she did.” She sighs, “It still feels
kind of shit though. There were a few times after it happened when I was fully convinced that
I murdered her.”
“Take it from me,” Akechi drawls, “I can pretty safely say that murder and a series of
unfortunate events and decisive choices are not synonymous.”
Sumire laughs, “Well I know that now.”
“Good.” Akechi says quietly.
“I know it’s not the same,” Sumire repeats, “But… it’s all in the past, now. So let’s just focus
on making things better!”
There’s a low hum, “Would you still think that, if you were in Futaba’s position?”
Sumire deflates, “It would definitely be… harder to put the water under the bridge…” She
smiles to herself, “But, Akechi, you know that in January, you and Futaba were kind of
friendly with each other?” In a mean way, but friendly nonetheless.
There’s a derisive scoff, and Sumire can almost hear the raised eyebrow, “Really? Did she
know what I did?”
“Pretty sure.” Sumire says, “So I think that there’s more to this than you’re giving credit for.”

“Is that what you think, then?” Akechi drawls.
Sumire pouts, “You don’t believe me?”
“I’ll believe it when I see it.” Akechi says dismissively.
“I guess you will.” Sumire says confidently, then fidgets in her chair, “Um, I’m glad we
talked about all this.”
“Yeah.” Akechi hums, “I guess I am too.”
“Bye, Akechi.” Sumire says, smiling.
There’s a long pause, and then a short sigh. “You can call me by my given name, if you wish.”
Sumire blinks, “Really?”
“You don’t have to, if you don’t want to-”
“Nope! No take backs!” Sumire grins, “I’ll see you later, Goro.”
“Goodnight, Sumire.” Goro says, sounding like he regrets his offer.
Sumire laughs, and hangs up.
(In his mind, Akechi can feel the Magician reach rank seven. He sighs, considering the
weight off his chest.
He doesn’t believe Sumire, really, and he kicks himself when her words let some hope seep
into his mind.
The hope stays, despite his protest.)

Chapter End Notes

CW: Mentions of Akechi's Mother's suicide, mentions of Wakaba's presumed suicide
Happy 2024! *sojiro voice* hoo boy. The relentless march of time *nervous laughter*
loooong chapter. Nearly 10k, actually. Blame the scene in the middle for the *checks
notes* THREE back-to-back arcana rank ups.
Sumire earns Goro privelages! Akechi has yet to earn Goro privelages.
Fun fact! Waaaay earlier in the fic, I had initially given Temperence to Muhen, an arcana
I had written the rank one for, but later discarded due to it not being super relavant. At
the time, I was still tossing up what I wanted the twins to be; I think I had put them

down as Death initially? That honour belongs to someone else now, though. Any
guesses?
But, anyway- Temperence seemed a good fit in the context of balance; both as Justine
and Caroline being two halves of a whole, and, as they're so tied to personas, they can be
linked to the business with Robin Hood and Loki, if only tangentially.
Oh! Also! I've already retroactively linked this in chapter one, but I made a comic of the
2/3 scene in that chapter: so, read it here!
Socials! Come say hi! Love seeing y'all over there <3
Tumblr
Instagram
That's a lot of rank ups...
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 5
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 5
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 3
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 4
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 1
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 6
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 5
___
Akechi, surrounded on all sides by extradimensional beings: Is there no such thing as
privacy anymore?
Jose: What? Oh by the way mister, someone tried to access your bank account yesterday
Akechi: Fuck. Who?
Jose: Well, me. But I thought you should know! Also your social security got leaked.

Chapter 27
Chapter Summary

Ren, Sumire, and Akechi each enjoy some downtime- with varying degrees of stress.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren is almost asleep when Futaba suddenly cackles menacingly.
“Hehehe…” She smirks, “And… done.”
“Uh,” Morgana grumbles, stirring awake from where he’s curled at Ren’s side, “Done what?”
“Uh, Medjed,” Futaba spins in her chair, tucking her knees to her chest, “Y’know, the thing
you asked me to do?”
“Right,” Ren cuts in, supressing a yawn, “So, it’s all finished?”
Futaba nods and gives a thumbs-up, “Yup! Those losers won’t know what hit em’!”
“Great,” Ren starts, and lets the news sink in, “That’s really great.” He slumps back, and lets
out a heavy sigh of relief.
He would never admit it to his friends, but the Medjed threat was starting to weigh on him
the closer they got to the deadline. He hated the idea that some outside force for which he had
no counter could tear everything down, and it would be all his fault.
(In his mind, something had bubbled. Who was everyone to claim that it was Ren’s
responsibility to fix something that he hadn’t asked for, hadn’t even tried to provoke? Why
should he shoulder the blame of something like this, when the actual problem sits pretty and
gets called a symptom of the Phantom Thieves’ actions? Why-)
But none of that matters now.
“Thanks, Futaba.” Ren smiles, “We owe you one.”
Futaba grins sheepishly, “Nah it’s fine…”
Morgana stretches out, and flicks his tail, “Well, now that that’s done, should we head back?”
“Oh!” Futaba jumps up, “Lemme come with you!”
“Uh, sure.” Ren shrugs, and stands to leave.

When they reach Leblanc’s attic, Futaba immediately claims Ren’s bed as her chair. Ren
stands awkwardly, and eventually settles for sitting on the couch.
“Ew, you sleep on this thing?” Futaba mumbles, “This is really uncomfy.”
Ren shrugs weakly. He agrees wholeheartedly, but he’s kind of used to his futon-onmilkcrates setup at this point. Maybe he should ask Sojiro for a real bed.
“So, Futaba…” Morgana starts, “How are you feeling?”
“Uh, what do you mean?” Futaba fidgets, her hair falling in front of her face like a curtain.
“I think he’s asking how you feel after what was essentially a coma.” Ren chimes in.
Futaba brushes her hair out of the way and snickers, “Feelin’ refreshed!” She bounces up and
down on the bed, “Um… I think I feel different? But also not really? It’s weird.”
“I guess that makes sense.” Morgana hums, “I… don’t think we actually changed your heart.
And your shadow… it transformed into your persona, right?”
“Yeah, I think so…” Futaba mumbles, “So I guess that means that all that stuff just became a
part of me? But the palace is gone, so that means the distortion is donezo too…”
“Sounds like a win-win to me.” Ren smiles, and reaches up to twist his fringe between his
fingers.
Futaba breaks out into a grin, “It sure does! I know my mom loved me, now- and nothing can
change that. And I got some sick powers to go along with it too!”
“Yeah!” Morgana jumps up, “That persona of yours is pretty unique, huh? It looks like you
specialise in navigational stuff.”
“Yup!” Futaba nods, and snickers, “Like you, right, kitty? I saw you calling out some
analysis before I got in on the fray!”
“I am not a-” Morgana starts to say, before cutting himself off with a yelp as Futaba rushes
forward to pinch his cheeks.
Ren chuckles, and jumps slightly as his phone buzzes. He slips it out of his pocket and takes
a look at the notification.
Skull: so whats happening w/ Medjed???
Joker: All taken care of
Ren turns to Futaba, “What exactly did you do to Medjed?”
Futaba looks up from where she’s harassing Morgana, “Sent them home crying, probably
made them piss their pants.” She says flatly, and goes back to trying to boop Morgana on the
nose, to middling success.

Ren shrugs in acceptance and turns back to his phone.
Queen: What exactly do you mean by that?
Panther: So everythings fine? Futaba woke up?
Joker: Yeah
Joker: Futaba made them piss their pants, apparently
Ren eyes the flood of messages conveying confusion and a consensus of being impressed,
and puts his phone back in his pocket.
“Everyone will probably come over tomorrow,” Ren starts, and Futaba’s head whips up, “Just
so we can get you up to speed on everything.”
Futaba bites her lip, “Can’t you just get me up to speed over text?” She mumbles.
Ren smiles, “Everyone else wants to meet you properly.”
Futaba scowls, and grumbles something that eventually sounds like begrudging agreement.
Ren supresses a triumphant smirk, and quickly interrupts the tangent the thieves’ group chat
has gone on to call them all for a meeting the next day.
They have work to do.
***
Akechi supresses a flinch as he feels a tap on his shoulder.
“Akechi-kun!” Haru smiles brightly as he turns around, “I was hoping I’d run into you.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I thought you didn’t come to Kichijoji often?”
“Yes, but I was looking for you specifically.” Haru says, her voice light, though Akechi can
see an almost devious glint in her eyes.
“You couldn’t just text me?” Akechi asks, trying and failing to get a read on the situation.
Haru hums airily, “I suppose I could have, but I was worried that you might have tried to
brush me off.”
Akechi sighs, “So you just decided to corner me instead?” He pinches the bridge of his nose,
“And for future reference, Haru-san, I believe we’re well past the point of me trying to avoid
you and Sumire.”
“Oh, good!” Haru giggles, hiding her mouth behind her hand politely. She reaches into a bag
at her side, and pulls out two thermoses, “I brought some coffee, since I think this
conversation might be better suited for Mementos.”

Akechi hums lowly, starting to see where this might be going. “In that case, shall we depart?”
Haru nods, and chooses an inconspicuous alley to shift into the other world. She sits down on
a couch placed outside of a now-empty furniture store, and twists open the thermos of coffee,
handing the other one to Akechi.
“The idea of time travel is so strange…” Haru murmurs, sounding like she’s talking more to
herself than anyone else, “Even when so many things were happening at once, and I found
out about the Metaverse, I never would have thought something like that is possible.”
Akechi snorts, taking a sip of the coffee. It’s fine. “I’ve been in and out of this world for
years, and I definitely never considered it.” He glares at the ground, and frowns.
Haru huffs a laugh, “It’s even stranger to me that I believe Sumi-chan completely. I guess
there’s too much evidence in her favour.”
Akechi sighs, “Indeed.” He shakes his head, and his lip curls, “It’s all so absurd.”
Haru giggles, “It is, isn’t it?”
The corner of Akechi’s mouth twitches upward, and they fall into silence.
Eventually, Akechi puts down the thermos, and folds his hands in his lap. “You were rather
dispassionate about my secondary occupation, last time we spoke.” He starts, “Has that
changed, now knowing what the me of last timeline did?”
Haru tilts her head, “I think I was upset at first, but, well…” She trails off, and frowns, “Then
I remembered that my father isn’t actually dead. It might have happened last time, but it
won’t this time.”
“You aren’t even marginally concerned that I am entirely capable of murdering your father
should I so choose?” Akechi drawls.
Haru smiles, “Well, you already made that fact very clear after I awakened to Milady, so it’s
not exactly a revelation.”
Akechi shrugs, “I suppose it isn’t.”
Haru takes another sip of her coffee, and hums, “And I don’t think you’ll kill my father.”
“Confident, are we?” Akechi says dryly.
Haru gives him an exasperated look, “Are we not in the midst of trying to avoid getting my
father caught in the crosshairs of all this?”
Akechi sighs, and internally concedes the point. “We are.” He says begrudgingly.
A teasing smile grows on Haru’s lips, and she looks to be supressing a laugh.
“I do have a question though, Haru-san,” Akechi says, and Haru tilts her head questioningly.

“What is it?” She asks.
“If you prefer your father alive, and allowing the Phantom Thieves to change his heart is not
an option, what do you intend to do about him?” Akechi asks blankly.
Haru’s eyes widen slightly, “What… what do you mean?” She says quietly.
“You found the will to defy him, didn’t you?” Akechi waves a hand, “Are you going to act on
it?”
Haru bites her lip, “Truth be told, it doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that I likely requested
that the Phantom Thieves help me change my father’s heart last time.” She sighs softly, “I’ve
been trying for so long to try and get through to my father, to try and make him remember
how kind he used to be. But nothing I do in the real world works.”
“So you want to change his heart?” Akechi tilts his head.
Haru frowns, “I think… yes. I think I do. It’s the only way I can think of to make him come
to his senses. So… maybe after we help you, and after we help Sumi-chan, can I request that
you help me?”
Akechi nods sharply, “As with Sumire, it’s only fair.” He levels her with a serious look, “But,
Haru-san, you should be aware that changing your father’s heart may not have the results
you’re looking for.”
Haru cocks her head, “Oh?”
“The victims of a change of heart don’t simply revert to how they were before they were
claimed by distortion, If there ever was a time where such a thing was true,” Akechi explains
grimly, “But rather, from what I know about cognitive psience and from my interactions with
those who have experienced it, a change of heart is akin to cutting out the distortion like a
tumour.”
Haru furrows her brows, “That’s… good, isn’t it?”
“It’s effective.” Akechi says simply, “But all the things they have done remain. Your father
will be crushed by guilt, certainly confess his crimes and go to jail, and will never have a
normal relationship with you ever again, because he won’t be able to look at you without the
crippling reminder of his sins. Changing a heart is not a mercy, nor is it a time machine.”
Akechi has questioned Madarame a few times. He was certainly alive- functioning, however,
he was not. Any mention of Yusuke Kitagawa or his other students and the man would
devolve into a blubbering mess of apologies and tears.
Haru nods slowly as she seems to understand what Akechi is trying to say. She suddenly
hiccups up a small, humourless laugh, “So, the father I knew is long gone, and changing his
heart is more of a punishment than a chance for reconciliation.”
Akechi nods, face impassive.

Haru sighs, “I… I don’t think that actually changed my mind.”
“Oh?”
“My vow to Milady was to betray those who wronged me.” Haru says darkly, “And my father
has certainly done that. So, if a change of heart can only make him face what he’s done, then
I think that’s what he deserves.” She laughs weakly, and tucks her hair behind her ear, “I’m
all over the place aren’t I? On one hand, I’m so desperate for my father to return to how he
used to be, but on the other, knowing that he never will, I want to make him suffer for what
he’s done.”
“You don’t owe him anything.” Akechi says simply.
Haru smiles sadly, “Don’t I? I was raised under the wealth he managed to accrue. I only live
in the luxury I enjoy because of his efforts.”
“That debt became null and void when he turned around and forced you into an arranged
marriage with that shitstain.” Akechi sneers, folding his arms, “It’s clear he’s long past doing
what he does for your sake.”
Haru hums, “…You’re right.” She looks up, steel in her eyes, “I won’t falter.”
“Good.” Akechi murmurs, looking away.
There’s a beat, and then Haru speaks up again, “Our circumstances are very different.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow at her stating the obvious, and she smiles sheepishly, “I mean to
say, although we’re very different, I’m understanding more and more the anger that you hold
for your own father, Goro-kun.”
The name is said tentatively, like she’s testing the waters. Akechi tenses, but doesn’t protest.
It was probably only a matter of time before he told her she could use it anyway, after he
gave Sumire the go-ahead.
“I see.” Akechi says, for lack of anything better to say.
Haru smiles, and she seems to get it anyway.
(The Strength arcana reaches rank five.)
***
Medjed has been defeated, and Akechi has yet to be called into Shido’s office.
If he were an idiot, Akechi might have taken that as a hopeful sign that Shido simply doesn’t
have anything to say.
But Shido always has something to say, and he’s sure to have a plethora of words given that
Medjed wasn’t taken down on his terms. Nevermind that Medjed falling was always the plan,
the fact that someone else took them down is sure to twist the stick up Shido’s ass.

Akechi is well aware that the balancing game that he, Haru, and Sumire are setting
themselves up to play is dangerous at best. Trying to steer the thieves away from obvious
danger without arousing suspicion is one thing, but trying to stop Shido from chasing after
them when they don’t take the bait is another.
Akechi would like to avoid getting Haru and Sumire involved in that side of the issue. Better
to let them handle the Phantom Thieves.
(He tells himself it’s because they wouldn’t be able to handle the pressure. They couldn’t
make a change in Shido’s plans on their own- it’s objectively the better choice for Akechi to
shoulder the weight of that.
And nothing else.)
When Akechi considers his plans, he comes up empty.
A new phenomenon, to be sure, and Akechi isn’t sure where it’s even coming from. His
conception of an ‘after’ following his revenge against Shido was always hazy at best, but
now he has two people who expect him to be there in the aftermath.
Akechi knows that he could betray that expectation and trust very easily. Haru and Sumire
have made no further attempts to change his mind about his plans, or question him for
details- he could vanish all the same and they won’t have any way to stop him.
But something twinges when he thinks about doing that.
He tells himself it’s because it isn’t fair to them. He made a deal with them both, and it would
be poor form to take their aid and refuse to return the favour.
So he has to adjust his plans. He needs to stick around long enough to deal with Maruki and
Okumura, at least.
Akechi isn’t sure how to do that, though.
And so, he leans against one of the railings in Shido’s palace, staring down at the huddles of
cognitions milling about.
He really doesn’t know why he thought this would be a good place to think. Just being here
pisses him off.
“So, you’re back again.” A voice observes airily.
Akechi carefully doesn’t startle, and doesn’t turn around to look at the voice.
“I would have thought I made myself clear, last we met,” The voice continues, “And one
could argue that you even being here is a form of treachery.”
Akechi turns his head very slightly, “I’m not making any trouble, aren’t I?”

The cognition smiles back in a facsimile of his TV mask, “I suppose you are far less
aggressive this time around.” It muses.
Akechi scoffs, “Are you just going to stand around and bother me, then?”
“Why are you here?” The cognition asks, ignoring Akechi’s question, “What are you hoping
to achieve by being here?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Is that your business?”
“It is my job,” It says, raising an unimpressed eyebrow, “Clearing out trash like you is my
purpose here.” It grins, lips stretching just a bit too wide, “And it’s certainly a task that I
enjoy.”
“You’re pathetic.” Akechi spits.
“Ah, but I’m you.” The cognition gestures, “So, what could that possibly mean?”
“You’re not me.” Akechi grits out, turning away again, “You’re what he thinks of me.”
“But is what the captain thinks of you not oh-so-important?” The cognition mock simpers, “If
you’re so disgusted by the impression that you left on him, you only have yourself to blame.”
It chuckles airily.
Akechi presses his lips together, and clenches his fists.
“Oh, is that it?” The cognition says brightly, “You’re here to see me, aren’t you? To prove
that the captain respects you?” It laughs, the mirth bleeding into mockery, “That just goes to
show that we’re exactly alike, aren’t we? But it doesn’t matter. We’ll do what the captain says
whether he acknowledges us or not.”
Akechi bites his lip to stop himself from saying exactly what he plans to do to this
marionette’s captain.
It’s wrong, he repeats as a mantra in his head, it’s lying, we’re not the same.
He doesn’t care.
“I don’t care.” Akechi says, keeping his voice disinterested.
The cognition’s eyes widen, “Is that so?” it taps a finger to its chin, “Then I suppose you’re
just here to take in the sights? What the captain thinks of you is only a bonus, right.”
Akechi sneers and kicks off the railing, “We’re done here.”
The cognition chuckles, “So soon? Well, come back when you need a reminder of exactly
what you are.”
Akechi doesn’t deign that with a response, and nearly breaks his fist on the wall when the
Tower grows to rank two.

He didn’t come here to see the cognition. He doesn’t care what it says, and he certainly
doesn’t believe its lies.
And yet, the thread of the Tower coils around his organs, making neat little cuts against his
insides.
***
Sumire doesn’t have a particular reason for heading to Leblanc, but she finds that she’s
wound up there anyway. There are, naturally, pros and cons to this course of action.
The cons include possibly seeing Ren. This, Sumire finds, is rather self-explanatory, given
that she still doesn’t have a handle on her emotions regarding… everything.
The pros also happen to include seeing Ren. A contradiction to be sure, but Sumire has yet to
get anywhere in her plan to discover what could have possibly led to him accepting Maruki’s
deal. Any time spent with him is an opportunity to learn more about him- to discover the
aspects about Ren that she either neglected or wilfully ignored the last time around.
Assuming that she can get her act together. Her track record has been spotty at best.
When Sumire pushes open the door to Leblanc, she isn’t met with the sight of Ren, however.
She isn’t met with the sight of Sojiro, either- rather, she hears something that could be a
squeak of panic, and sees a flash of orange duck into the kitchen.
“Oh, um,” Sumire blinks, still standing in the doorway, “Sorry, are you closed?”
“N-no!” Futaba’s voice yelps.
“Oh.” Sumire opens and closes her mouth, “Okay. Um. Is it alright if I sit…?”
“Sure!” Futaba’s voice calls again, still not coming out of hiding.
Sumire nods slowly, and then grimaces when she realises that Futaba can’t see her. She
shuffles to the bar seats, and takes the one in the middle.
Sumire awkwardly taps her fingers on the bar, swinging her legs back and forth as she waits.
She assumes that either Ren or Sojiro stepped out for a bit, but she isn’t sure what she should
do in the meantime.
“Uh,” Futaba’s voice pipes up again, “D-do you want anything?”
“Oh, yes!” Sumire says cheerfully, “Um, do you have any curry prepared?”
“C-coming right up!” Comes the reply, and Sumire smiles to herself.
She jumps, when a plate is carefully dropped in front of her. Sumire blinks at the giant
bobble-headed mask that sits on Futaba’s head.
“Thank you,” Sumire manages to get out around her shock.

“No problem…” Futaba mumbles, slightly muffled behind the mask.
Futaba doesn’t move from where she’s standing, even as Sumire starts to shovel the curry
into her mouth. She wrings her hands awkwardly, and Sumire resists the urge to fill the
silence, instead giving her full attention to the curry in front of her.
Sumire puts down her spoon, having scraped her plate clean. Futaba looks her up and downor at least, Sumire thinks she looks her up and down. It’s a bit hard to tell.
“You, uh, eat pretty quick.” Futaba stutters.
Sumire flushes, “I have a big appetite…” She says sheepishly.
“Do you want seconds, then?” Futaba stands to attention, her hands hovering over the plate.
Sumire nods dumbly, admitting to herself she is still kind of hungry. Futaba snickers and
cheerfully whips the plate off the bar, humming a tune as she rushes off to go refill the plate.
“Thank you!” Sumire does an approximation of a bow while sitting down as Futaba returns
with the plate. “Um, what’s your name?” She asks, as smoothly as she can, “Um, I know that
Amamiya-senpai works here, so…”
Futaba jumps, “Oh, you know Ren?” Her shoulders seem to relax slightly, “Um, yeah, he’s
supposed to be here, but he went to the store down the road. And my name’s Futaba.” She
tacks on.
“It’s nice to meet you, Futaba-san.” Sumire smiles.
Futaba laughs awkwardly, “Uh, yeah. You too.” She jumps, “Oh! What’s your name?”
“I’m Sumire Yoshizawa,” Sumire says brightly.
“Sumire.” Futaba repeats, “Cool.”
Sumire starts on her second plate of curry, and Futaba quietly slinks off to the kitchen again.
She comes back, the mask now missing from her face.
“Um, sorry.” Futaba pushes her glasses further up her nose, “About that. I just get kinda
nervous around… people.”
Sumire quickly swallows her mouthful of curry, plate already half empty, “No, it’s okay! I get
it.”
Futaba raises her eyebrows, “Really? You seemed like… totally slick when you started
talking to me.”
“That’s because…” Sumire starts, and trails off, grasping for a reason that isn’t ‘I already
know who you are’. “Um, you seemed as nervous as I was, so I think that calmed me down a
bit.” Sumire settles for the closest half-truth she can find.

“Oh, that makes sense.” Futaba mumbles, then smiles nervously, “I wonder if that’s the strat?
I just need to make a bunch of friends who are just as bad at people-ing as I am.”
“Sounds like a plan to me.” Sumire smiles cheerfully, and Futaba snickers.
The door suddenly chimes, and Sumire tries not to jump at the noise.
“You’re back!” Futaba yelps as Ren shuffles into Leblanc, trying to keep the door open with
his foot while his hands are full with shopping bags.
“Yeah,” He says, and his eyes narrow slightly as they catch on Sumire, “Oh. Hey,
Yoshizawa.”
“Um. Hello.” Sumire says, eloquently.
“Everything good, Futaba?” Ren says nodding at the scene before him.
Futaba gives a hearty thumbs up, “Yep! I even managed to serve a customer.”
Ren gives a small smile, “That’s great.” His eyes gain a teasing glint, “And you’ve ditched
the mask, too.”
Futaba folds her arms triumphantly, “I think that’s a level up.”
Sumire giggles behind her hand, “What level are you now?”
Futaba’s eyes flash in delight at Sumire playing along, “At least five.” She says, nodding
gravely, “You?”
“Seven.” Sumire decides arbitrarily.
Futaba makes a noise of pain, “Dang, I’ve gotta catch up.” She quickly turns to Ren in a
whirl of orange, “How ‘bout you? Show me your stats!”
“Me?” Ren points to himself as he hauls the shopping bags into Leblanc’s kitchen, “Level
twenty.”
“What?!” Futaba yelps, “No fair! You’re way overpowered!”
Ren shrugs, “Guess you just need to level grind.”
Sumire’s knowledge of video games ends pretty quickly at the stuff she managed to pick up
from Futaba’s long rambles last timeline, and she’s very rapidly losing grip on the context of
this conversation.
Futaba hmphs, and Ren smirks slightly. Futaba whirls around and points at Sumire, “I guess
that means you and I gotta team up to take this guy down! Care to join me in this quest,
Sumire?”

Sumire, despite feeling slightly lost, nods determinedly, “Of course, Futaba-senpai! I would
be honoured.”
Futaba blinks, “Wow, ‘senpai’, huh?” She snickers, “I think that might be another level, too.”
Sumire laughs in response, and catches Ren watching them with an unreadable look in the
corner of her vision.
Well. No progress to be made yet on that front, then.
***
Ren doesn’t have an answer for why Yoshizawa showed up at Leblanc the other day- and
frankly, the event only serves to further ignite his suspicions about the girl.
Unfortunately, given how quickly and how well she seemed to get along with Futaba, he’s not
going to be an ass and jeopardise that, nor is he going to complain.
So he’ll just have to prepare himself for Yoshizawa randomly showing up. Which, well- he
had to do that anyway, but at least he can expect it now?
“Hey,” Sojiro says, and Ren turns form where he’s wiping down the bar, “I’m heading out.
Keep an eye on Futaba.”
“I don’t need to be kept an eye on…” Futaba grumbles from where she’s washing the dishes,
turning to flick some suds at Sojiro, earning a disgruntled “Hey!”
“I’ll watch the shop.” Ren agrees, shoving his hands in his pockets.
Sojiro nods, wiping the soap off his apron, and hanging it on the hook, “I’ll be back in a bit.”
The bell above the door tinkles as he leaves, and Futaba turns to give Ren a conspiratorial
look.
“Well, well, well,” She says, in her best impersonation of a gremlin, “What shall we do, now
that we have free reign?”
“Be respectable employees and not incur Sojiro’s wrath.” Ren deadpans.
“Boo.” Futaba returns the deadpan.
Ren smirks, and goes to retort with something snarky before the bell above the door chimes
again.
“Oh,” A familiar voice exclaims, “I didn’t realise you worked here, Amamiya.”
Futaba squeaks and rushes into the kitchen, and Ren gapes at Akechi, who has just taken a
seat at the bar.

“Oh.” Ren responds, then clicks his jaw shut. “Uh. Yeah.” He rubs the back of his neck
sheepishly, “I work here.”
Akechi tilts his head, “What a coincidence. I didn’t expect to run into you here.”
“Huh.” Ren smiles, “Did you just wander in here by accident?”
Akechi chuckles lightly, “I like to think I have better directional sense than that. But no, it
was recommended to me by a friend.”
“Yoshizawa?” Ren asks.
Akechi raises his eyebrows, “She did mention it, yes.”
At the mention of Yoshizawa, Futaba pokes her head out from around the corner.
Akechi’s eyes widen, almost imperceptibly, “Oh.” He starts, something unreadable in his
tone, “You- I mean- I’m sorry, I don’t believe we’ve met before.” He flashes one of his pretty
smiles, and Futaba shifts awkwardly.
“That’s Futaba.” Ren cocks his head toward her, and she shuffles a bit closer, seemingly
using Ren as her impromptu shield, “She’s Boss’ daughter. The guy that owns Leblanc.”
“I see.” Akechi hums, the ‘something’ in his face sufficiently buried.
“Hi.” Futaba mumbles.
“Hello.” Akechi says smoothly in return, weirdly seeming just as uncomfortable as Futaba is.
Now doesn’t seem like the right time to pry, though.
“So,” Ren starts, twisting his fringe between his fingers, “How have you been?”
Akechi’s attention snaps back to Ren, “Things have been fine.” He says, waving a hand
dismissively, “…A lot has happened, lately, but, well, you know how it is.”
“Yeah.” Ren hums in agreement, even though that description definitely doesn’t sound ‘fine’.
Akechi tilts his head, and shoots him a smile, “How about you? Anything interesting?”
Ren stifles a borderline hysterical laugh that he isn’t entirely sure where it’s coming from,
“Uh. Yeah. You could say that.”
Akechi hums lightly, “That bad?”
“No, not really.” Ren says hurriedly, “Just. A lot.” He waves at the shelf behind him, trying to
change the subject, “Anyway, did you want coffee or anything?”
“Well, this is a café.” Akechi says dryly, then tilts his head in a polite smile, “I’ll have
whatever you recommend, I suppose.”

“Coming right up.” Ren nods, and gets to work.
He can feel Akechi’s eyes tracking him as he works, “Do you consider yourself a competent
barista?” He asks, resting his chin on his hand.
“What is this, an interview?” Ren quips lightly, keeping his attention on where he’s preparing
the coffee. He smirks, and lets his eyes flick quickly towards Akechi, “But I think I’m pretty
good.”
“Do you, now?” Akechi smiles brightly, “I think I’ll be the judge of that.”
Ren laughs quietly, finishing the pour-over and placing the coffee down on the bar, “Enjoy.”
Akechi nods, and takes a small sip from the mug. He tilts his head, seemingly considering,
before giving an approving nod.
“It is rather good.” He concedes, and Ren grins triumphantly.
“The best you’ve ever had?” He pushes.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I wouldn’t go that far.”
Futaba snickers quietly, still not having moved from her position behind Ren, “I bet Sojiro’s
is better.”
Ren places a hand on his chest, “Betrayal.” He says flatly, and Akechi makes a noise that
sounds suspiciously like a snort.
There’s a beat of silence as Ren goes back to wiping down surfaces that are already clean,
and Akechi takes delicate sips of coffee that must still be piping hot.
“Do you have anything planned for the remainder of the holidays?” Akechi asks over the rim
of the mug.
“Yeah, actually.” Ren says, lifting his head up, “We’re all going to the beach in a couple of
days.”
“Sounds fun.” Akechi says lightly.
Ren shrugs awkwardly, “Yeah.”
Another beat.
“Uh.” Ren starts, and before he even fully registers what he’s about to say he can feel it might
be ill-advised, “Did you want to come with us?”
Ren winces as Futaba kicks him as hard as she can. Which, as it turns out, isn’t that hard.
Akechi blinks at him, “You’re…?”

“I’m asking if you wanted to come to the beach with us.” Ren says, doubling down, despite
the clear out Akechi was granting him by way of confusion.
This might have been a bad idea; Ren finally registers in his mind. Arsène seems delighted, at
least.
“Oh.” Akechi blinks again, then opens and closes his mouth, “I…”
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.” Ren says quickly. He bites his lip, “Um. Haru and
Yoshizawa can come along too.”
The mention of Yoshizawa seems to deter Futaba from kicking Ren’s leg, and Akechi’s
eyebrows shoot up.
“I see.” The detective hums, looking far too serious for someone contemplating whether they
should go to the beach.
“You can decide later, if you want.” Ren says, trying to keep how much he wants Akechi to
decide now (In the affirmative, preferably) out of his voice.
“I- no. It’s okay.” Akechi shakes his head, seemingly snapping himself out of his thoughts, “I
think I’ll go.”
“What- really?” Ren perks up, forgetting to sound disinterested.
Akechi nods, the hint of a smirk twitching on his lips, “Yes. I’ll ask Haru-san and Sumire if
they wish to join in as well.”
“Great.” Ren says, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Akechi huffs something that could be a laugh, and takes another sip of coffee, before setting
it back down on the saucer with a clink.
“Well.” Akechi starts, “I suppose I should be leaving. Text me the details?”
“Yep.” Ren nods, throws out a wave as Akechi stands from his seat and leaves Leblanc, the
bell tinkling in the wake of his exit.
“So,” Futaba starts from behind him, and Ren has to stop himself from jumping, “Are all the
randos you know that pretty, or…?”
“’All’?” Ren raises an eyebrow, tearing his gaze from the door.
“Well we’ve got pretty boy over there,” Futaba points where Akechi was just sitting, “And
pretty girl from the other day,” She points to the adjacent seat where Yoshizawa had been
sitting a few days earlier.
Ren shrugs, and bites back his laughter of Futaba’s assessment of his respective friend and
acquaintance.

Futaba smirks, “Don’t think I didn’t notice how bad you have it.”
Ren blinks, “What?”
“Ugh!” Futaba throws her hands up in the air dramatically, “Why’d you invite the pretty boy
if you don’t like him?”
“Of course I like him, he’s my friend.” Ren says defensively, and then shuffles awkwardly,
“But that is okay with you, right? Sorry for inviting people you don’t know.”
“It’s fine,” Futaba waves a hand dismissively, “You said Sumire would be there, right? And
she seems nice. And all of you guys are there, too, so worst case I guess I can just ignore
‘em.”
Ren huffs a laugh, “I guess that’s true.” He takes Akechi’s abandoned mug over to the sink,
“But I think you’ll like them, if you get along with Yoshizawa.”
“Hope so…” Futaba mumbles, kicking absently at the ground. She sighs, “The beach sounds
like so much effort…”
“It’ll be fun.” Ren insists, “And like you said, we’ll all be there.”
“Yeah…” Futaba groans, but she sounds like she’s doing it more performatively than
anything else.
Ren chuckles lightly, and Futaba shoots him a death glare.
He cleans the dirtied plate and mug absently, thinking about the days ahead.
He had perhaps let a little too much slip in his response to Akechi’s question earlier. Ren is
usually a lot better at hiding when things are… a lot, as he had put it- given that things have
been pretty consistently as such ever since he came to Tokyo.
But, well, the detective had slipped slightly as well, so it’s not like he left on the back foot.
Ren pauses in his washing up, and bites his lip, face flushing slightly in embarrassment.
…Yeah, his invitation wasn’t smooth at all, was it?
***
Akechi’s prediction that Shido does in fact always have something to say is proven correct,
when he gets the unfortunate call into the fucker’s office.
Akechi has to admit that it feels different meeting Shido, now. There’s a strange tension in his
body that is one step to the left of the tension that he normally feels.
Perhaps, Akechi muses to himself, it’s because of his slight change in plans, now that he has
the aid of Haru and Sumire. He always planned to stab Shido in the back (as well as the front,

and twist the knife as viciously as possible), but now he’s making identifiable progress to
actually achieving that goal.
(The implication there, that Akechi doesn’t care to examine, is that he never would have
attempted to undermine Shido’s bullshit if not for the pull of the Strength and Magician in his
chest.
Akechi doesn’t think about the cognition stalking its way through the cruiser of pride that
sails in Shido’s head.)
But there’s no time to be thinking about treachery when he’s supposed to be putting up a
good act.
Shido taps at his desk rhythmically, leaning back in his chair, “Care to explain how this has
happened, Akechi?” He sneers.
Akechi takes a long, steadying breath, “I’m afraid that I don’t have a specific answer, sir.” He
debates on the level of truth he’ll have to spill to keep Shido satisfied, “But I believe it’s safe
to say that the Phantom Thieves have either recruited or hired a rather skilled hacker.”
Shido scoffs, “That’s all you have to say?” He waves a derisive hand, “It’s been four months
since this whole fiasco started, and you don’t even know who they are?”
Akechi keeps his expression perfectly blank. “…No,” He says, after what is probably too
long of a pause, “I don’t.”
Shido seems to pick up on it, because of course he does. “Is that so?” He drawls.
Akechi smiles brightly, “Their identities are hardly going to be an issue, no?” He hurries to
continue when that doesn’t appear to be a satisfactory answer, “And we’ll find out soon
enough once they start infiltrating Okumura’s palace.”
If all goes well, then the Phantom Thieves will never set foot in the space station palace,
giving Akechi a very reasonable excuse as to why he supposedly is unaware of the thieves’
identities. Of course, he’ll have to deal with the consequences of all that as well.
Shido raises and eyebrow, that might come off as approving if Akechi were a fool, “You’ve
scouted his palace, then? I see you are good for something.”
Akechi smiles politely, and clenches his fists behind his back.
Shido taps the desk again, and leans forward, “Listen here, Akechi.” He begins, in a suddenly
far more threatening tone, “I expect nothing less than your very best for this. You understand
that, don’t you?”
Akechi doesn’t swallow, because that would give him away. There’s only so much of this he
can keep up in his right mind, so he instead lets his throat go dry and lets his consciousness
slip under the surface. “…Of course.”

Shido nods curtly, “Good. Now, I want you to keep an eye on Okumura’s palace, obviously.”
He laces his fingers together, “We’re stopping our media suppression of Okumura’s legally
questionable dealings, so the news should have a field day. That should draw the thieves’
attention.”
Akechi tilts his head, “Do you believe that will be enough?”
“There’s more.” Shido snaps, and Akechi wonders why he even asked, “There’s been a recent
addition of a polling feature on the Phantom Thieves website. I believe fudging the numbers
should be rather effective.”
“I see.” Akechi hums.
The information is hardly new, courtesy of Sumire. But the specifics are nice to have on
hand.
It would be nicer if it actually gave Akechi any new ideas on how to get the thieves to leave
well enough alone, but no such luck.
‘Don’t give the thieves a reason and hope for the best’ is their best plan so far, and even the
most incompetent strategist can see that it’s held together with tissue paper and particularly
worn-out chewing gum.
When Akechi finally gets dismissed from the meeting, he sighs.
(The Devil grows to rank four, and Akechi resolutely ignores it.)
What the hell can he do about this?

Chapter End Notes

A Tower rank up! Finally! Only took like... 10(?) chapters.
Don't forget to imagine the piano guy hiding in the corner playing 'impromptu for the
next prime minister' haha
Next up, beach episode? Ren... isn't slick lol. Sorry buddy, max stats don't count when
you don't remember them. Still gotta work on that charm.
Sumitaba friendship is one of those dynamics that I find you kind of have to work forbut I find it really sweet when they get to properly interact as the two youngest of the
thieves (They bring that younger sibling energy @ Ren and Akechi- combined they're
unstoppable)
Actually, speaking of them being the youngest (not a smooth segue) according to the
timeline of events that I found to plan this fic out, Sumire and Kasumi's birthday was the
day after Kasumi died. Kinda fucked up, atlus

I feel like I'm linking art every chapter, but, well, I'm a pretty fast painter and I have
arguably too many ideas haha- I did a peice for the black mask trio which you can look
at here!
Socials! Come say hi :)
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 5
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 5
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 1
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 4
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 5
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 2
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 6
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 5
___
Ren & Akechi: Flirting that isn't flirting but would probably be flirting if they were
slightly more self-aware
Futaba: You know what? I think I just got so much second-hand embarrasment that I
don't feel so bad about talking to people anymore. You've done it. The cure was you
being stupid.

Chapter 28
Chapter Summary

Cognitions, beach trips, and deadlines.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There are often reasons for why Akechi does things, and he’d like to think that near all of
them are rational.
‘Near all’, being the key phrase here, given that he isn’t quite sure where crippling paranoia
fits on the scale of rationality.
(He isn’t quite sure where a lot of the things he feels fit, either, but he elects to ignore the
thought.
If he isn’t feeling it right now, then it hardly matters.)
Crippling paranoia, as such, is the reason he finds himself back in the opulent halls of Shido’s
cruiser, less than a week since he was here last.
He thinks he acted normally during the last meeting with Shido. He’s sure. Fuck, he hopes so,
because he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do if Shido has miraculously caught a whiff
of Akechi’s plans, now that he actually has a reason to act on them.
What can he do? Swear loyalty? Beg for forgiveness? Fake his own death?
None are particularly appealing.
And, so as to not jump the gun, he glares up at the shimmering rafters of the foyer, searching
for a glimpse of a tan blazer or the silver flash of a pistol.
He doesn’t blink, when he catches a blur in his peripheral, and instead carefully turns to level
a pointedly disinterested stare at the corner of shadow where the cognition inspects its gloved
hands.
“Back again?” The cognition says with polite surprise, still not looking up, “And so soon, at
that.”
“I suppose I’m curious.” Akechi says, his lips curling in a sneer.

The cognition looks up, and blinks rapidly with big doe eyes, “Oh, but you were so insistent
that you don’t care, last time.” It sighs, and shrugs, “Well, we are practiced liars, I suppose.”
“I don’t care.” Akechi corrects forcefully, “Your entire existence is pathetic.”
“And so you contradict yourself.” The cognition heaves a long-suffering sigh, “I don’t
understand what I’ve done to deserve such venom coming from you. You are me.”
“You aren’t.” Akechi says, and he gets the feeling he’s going to have to keep saying that as
long as the Tower continues to stand, “And you threatened to kill me, the first time we met.”
He tacks on dryly.
“Ah. I suppose I did, didn’t I?” The cognition tilts its head, “But I’ve left you unscathed
since, no?”
“How generous.” Akechi deadpans.
“Of course!” The cognition smiles brightly, “But you should know that I only deal with
things that become problems for the captain. And, well, you’re not a problem, are you?”
“No.” Akechi agrees, ignoring the bitter tang that comes with the word.
He also quietly files away the cognition's words as a note for later, not letting the relief seep
into his bones just yet.
“You always seem so put off by my actions.” The cognition muses, “Which is strange, since
we’re the same person.”
“Are you going to keep fucking saying that shit?” Akechi snarls, whirling around to properly
glare at the cognition.
“Why wouldn’t I?” The cognition blinks, the picture of innocence, “It’s the truth.”
“No it fucking isn’t!” Akechi hisses, “You’re a cognition. Nothing more.”
The smile the cognition gives in response is uncomfortably wide, “But isn’t this how you’ve
chosen to act? What’s the point of your internal thoughts, if your external actions stay the
same?” It gestures to itself, “You don’t think like me, or so you say, but you do act like me.
So are we not the same?”
Akechi scoffs, “Shido doesn’t know me at all, if this is how he thinks I act.”
“Or you’re not very self-aware.” The cognition hums.
“I’m not his goddamn puppet,” Akechi spits, forgetting to reign in the veritable mountain of
vitriol that keeps pushing towards the surface.
“We’ll see.” The cognition smiles, “If the captain thinks of you as his puppet, can you truly
be anything else?”

“We’ll see.” Akechi echoes, and stalks off towards the exit, pushing open the foyer doors
with excessive force.
He can feel the cognition’s eyes linger on his back.
He can also feel the Tower grow to rank three.
***
Ren pats down the duffel bag at his side, checking he’s brought everything. He then pats
down the other bag at his side, to make sure that Morgana hasn’t run off somewhere without
his notice.
“Hey!” Morgana yelps when Ren successfully pats him on the head.
“Just checking you’re still there.” Ren mumbles, going back to rifling through his other bag.
Morgana glares at him, “You couldn’t tell if there was a cat in your bag? Not that I’m a cat.”
He hastily adds, flicking his tail.
“Well, you’re a Phantom Thief, right?” Ren says absent mindedly, “What if you had pulled a
bait and switch with, I dunno, a brick?”
“…What?” Morgana narrows his eyes, and to be completely honest Ren isn’t quite sure
either.
To save him from bullshitting an answer, Futaba suddenly skips down the stairs, face buried
in her phone.
“Ready?” Ren asks.
“Yeah, yeah.” She mumbles, shoving her glasses further up her face. Ren nods, and goes to
open the door.
“Wait.” Futaba suddenly says, and Ren pauses.
Morgana pokes his head out of the bag, “What’s up?”
Futaba has a sly look on her face that spells trouble, “Did you ever tell everyone else that
pretty girl and pretty boy are coming along too?”
Ren pauses, and grimaces. He… did not.
“Huh?” Morgana twists around to look at him, “Who’s coming with?”
“Akechi, Yoshizawa, and Haru.” Ren says, quickly whipping out his phone.
“What?!” Morgana yelps, “Why didn’t you say anything?!”
“Forgot.” Ren mumbles, face flushing from embarrassment as Futaba snickers.

Yesterday, Akechi had sent the confirmation that both Yoshizawa and Haru would be coming
along as well, and Ren had responded with a simple ‘nice’, before going back to sleep. He
had then proceeded to forget entirely about the interaction.
Ren bites his lip and sighs through his teeth, accepting his fate.
Joker: Hey so I forgot to mention but I invited Akechi Yoshizawa and Haru
Joker: To the beach
There’s a pause, where Ren assumes people are taking their time to check their phones, and
then there’s another, where Ren can guess that they’re taking a moment to process.
Predictably, Ryuji is the first to respond.
Skull: wtf???
Ren winces, because he definitely deserves that.
“You deserve that.” Futaba says flatly, face once again buried in her phone.
“Yep.” Ren says weakly.
Queen: When did this happen…?
Joker: Two days ago
Joker: Akechi visited leblanc and I invited him to come along
Alibaba: Then he panicked and said pretty girl could come too
Panther: Did you meet Haru and Sumire, Futaba?
Alibaba: Just Sumire
Alibaba: She stopped by leblanc and I served her curry
Skull: Hey, nice job!
Ren breathes a sigh of relief, now that the conversation has been thoroughly derailed from his
social blunder.
“You didn’t even tell me…” Morgana grumbles at his side.
“Sorry, Mona.” Ren says, scratching behind his ears.
Morgana grumbles something else, but otherwise seems to accept the scratches as an apology.
Ren opens the door, the small bell tinkling, “Are we good to go now?” He turns to Futaba.

“Yep.” She says, head shooting up from her phone. She snickers to herself, “And I don’t
think you’re out of the woods just yet.”
Ren sighs, stepping into the street, “I know.”
At the very least, Ren’s predicament seems to distract Futaba from the crowded subway,
making for a much smoother ride than Ren would have originally thought.
When they arrive at the beach, the rest of the thieves are already waiting.
“Hey!” Ann yells, waving a hand as they walk up to join them.
“Hey.” Ren says back, dropping his bags on the ground and letting Morgana stretch out.
“It seems Yoshizawa-san and the others have yet to arrive.” Yusuke hums, looking around.
There’s a beat.
“Why’d you invite Akechi?” Ryuji complains, and thus opens the floodgates.
“Sorry…?” Ren offers, even though he isn’t actually that sorry.
Makoto sighs wearily, “I guess there’s nothing to be done…” She narrows her eyes, “But I do
wish you gave us a little more warning.”
“Sorry,” Ren repeats, genuinely this time, “I only invited them all like… two days ago, and it
just slipped my mind.”
Ann twirls her hair around her finger, and hums, “It’s cool.” She smirks, “Why did you invite
them, though?”
“You guys are lucky,” Futaba pipes up, “Ren almost only invited Akechi.”
Ren opens his mouth to protest, and then closes it when he remembers that she’s definitely
right.
“Really?” Makoto sighs, looking far more disappointed than Ren thinks she probably should.
“Yup.” Morgana chimes in, like a traitor, and despite not having even been there.
“Well, it’s fine, right?” Ann cuts in, and Ren isn’t sure what the glint in her eye means, “It’s
not like we know any of them that well, so this is a great chance to get to know them better!”
“That is true…” Yusuke says, still seemingly on the lookout for the others, “And I doubt
Akechi-san will be looking to interrogate us on a beach trip.”
Ren thinks that Akechi would absolutely interrogate someone on a beach trip, but since
Yusuke’s point works in his favour, he’s not going to protest it.
“Oh,” Ryuji suddenly perks up, “I think I see ‘em.”

***
“I don’t know why I agreed to do this.” Goro hisses quietly to Sumire’s side.
Sumire smiles, and raises her eyebrows, “Why did you?”
Goro shrugs, and opens his mouth to respond. He clicks it shut again when he seemingly
can’t come up with a response to that.
To her other side, Haru giggles, “Well, I’m glad you did. I doubt the invitation would have
been extended to Sumi-chan and I if you declined.”
Goro grumbles something that sounds vaguely like “I suppose,” and shoves his hands
violently into his pockets.
Sumire laughs behind her hand, and keeps walking. She lifts up her feet to walk on her toes,
scanning the crowds around beach.
Haru seems to be doing much of the same, keeping a hold on her large sunhat with one hand.
Goro, meanwhile, looks so out of his element in swimming trunks and a dark hoodie that
Sumire would laugh if he didn’t look so uncomfortable.
“Oh!” Sumire jumps, “I can see them over there!”
She makes eye contact with Ryuji, who waves enthusiastically. Sumire turns to the other two
to point at where the thieves are standing, and quickly rushes over.
“Hello, everyone.” Sumire gives a small wave as she approaches the group.
Haru trails behind, “Sorry for the intrusion…” She says, a tinge of awkward laughter in her
voice.
“You’re not intruding if I invited you.” Ren says firmly, and the other thieves suddenly look a
bit sheepish.
“Either way.” Goro says blandly, polite mask firmly in place, “Well, shall we find a place to
sit?”
“Oh, um, yeah.” Ren reaches up to run a hand through his hair, and then stand on his toes to
scan through the crowds.
Yusuke, who Sumire initially assumed was fully checked out of the conversation, suddenly
hums, “How about over there?” He points to a patch of empty sand on the shore.
“That looks perfect!” Ann says cheerfully, hauling her myriad bags onto her shoulders.
“Wh- Hey! Wait up!” Ryuji splutters, squatting to pick up a large sun umbrella that was lying
at his feet. There’s a collection of chatter (And a weary sigh from Makoto) from everyone
else as they all follow behind at varying paces.

Sumire can see Ren fall into step with Goro, and she nearly bumps into Futaba as she tries to
find a comfortable place to walk along side someone else.
“Oh!” Sumire yelps, “I’m sorry, Futaba-senpai!”
Futaba looks mortified for a beat, before she furrows her brows, “Still sticking with ‘senpai’,
huh?”
“I… kind of do it with everyone. And it’s only polite!” Sumire explains sheepishly.
“Oh. Okay.” Futaba mumbles, staring at the ground as they walk.
The silence sits for a beat, before Sumire presses her lips together uncomfortably and fishes
for something to say.
“So, um,” She starts, “Any more level-ups since we last met?”
Futaba’s head snaps up, something close to relief on her face, “I think getting ambushed by
the detective definitely got me to level six.”
Sumire giggles, “Oh no! I’m sure Goro didn’t mean to take you by surprise.”
Definitely not, Sumire thinks to herself, knowing what she knows now. In all likelihood,
Goro was just as thrown off by Futaba’s presence as she was by his.
Futaba shrugs, “Eh, well, it wasn’t so bad.” She fiddles with the straps of her bag, “It’s like
trying to face a mini boss before you’ve done any side quests. Doable, but probably not a
good idea.”
Sumire has no idea what that means. She nods in understanding anyway.
“But I got through it!” Futaba says triumphantly, “Well, I didn’t really speak, but I didn’t
die!”
“That’s always good.” Sumire nods, and the conversation tapers off again. Sumire readjusts
her glasses, “…Have you been up to anything, lately?”
“Aside from getting dragged places by Ren and his friends?” Futaba says dryly, “Not really.”
Sumire laughs, “Have you been having fun, at least?”
Futaba scrunches her face, “…Yeah? I mean, it’s really draining, and kind of stressful, but…”
Sumire gives a small smile, “In kind of a good way?”
Futaba nods, looking surprised, “Yeah. Like that.” She pushes her glasses up her face, “Um.
How’d you know?”
“Well…” Sumire starts, frowning slightly.

She skirts her thoughts around the time when everything from the things in her room to her
gymnastics routines to even the thoughts in her head had to be beat, one-by-one, into a shape
that was once again recognisably ‘Sumire’.
She thinks that not wanting to trade the experience for the world may be a bit strange, but she
at least knows she isn’t the only one.
“There was a time when I had to rebuild myself from the ground up. Sort of.” Sumire says
slowly, “And it definitely wasn’t… great, but if felt like when it hurt, it was proof that I was
making progress, and that I was strong enough to try, so…” She trails off, feeling
embarrassed.
Futaba nods excitedly, “No, yeah! I- that’s- yep.” She nods firmly, and Sumire giggles
slightly.
Their conversation is interrupted by a concerned hum from Haru, “We’ll be a bit squished…”
Makoto frowns at her side, “Some of us will have to put up with the sun, I think.” She sighs,
“Or we could rotate seating positions every so often?”
Ryuji waves a dismissive hand, “Relax! We’re at the beach, not figuring out where to sit in
class.”
“Try saying that when half of us have to peel our skin off from sunburn tomorrow.” Ann
grouches, flicking the side of Ryuji’s head.
“Hey!” Ryuji yelps, swatting her hand away, before he deflates, “But I guess that’s true.”
“We’ll figure something out.” Ren says, laying a towel down on the sand to sit.
Makoto frowns again at their seating arrangements, before she sighs, “Well, some of us still
have to get changed, so can we figure this out when we get back?”
“Yep!” Ann bounces back onto her feet, and Futaba stiffly follows.
The three girls walk off, leaving the rest of them in some combination of standing awkwardly
and shuffling to lay out towels under the small patch of shade they have set up.
Sumire jumps when she sees Morgana hop out of Ren’s bag.
“I’m not gonna sit in the sun.” The cat declares, curling up on Ren’s towel with all the
decorum of a noble lord.
“Relax, man, no one’s forcin’ you to bake in the sun.” Ryuji say as he kicks out his towel.
Goro tilts his head questioningly, reminding Sumire that they weren’t supposed to hear half
of that exchange, and she quickly copies his expression. Haru wears a similar confused look,
though hers seems a touch more genuine.

“You’ve even brought your cat to the beach, Amamiya?” Goro asks innocently, “I was under
the impression that cats disliked sand.”
Ren freezes as he seems to realise the problem. “Uh. Yeah.” He stutters, “You know how
separation anxiety is. He’d probably tear Leblanc down if I left him there alone.”
“You’re still using that excuse?!” Morgana yowls in protest, which everyone seems to
carefully not react to.
“Ah, yes, you have mentioned that before.” Goro concedes dryly.
Haru still looks lightly perplexed, and Sumire whips out her phone.
Sumi☆: can you understand him?
Sumi☆: morgana
Haru <3: no…
Haru <3: I thought that I should be able to?
Sumire frowns at her phone, trying to wrack her brain for all the Metaverse knowledge she
has.
Sumi☆: I think since you havent heard him in the metaverse yet?
Sumi☆: but at least you cant accidentally respond to him or anything
“What’s up, Sumire?” Ryuji pipes up.
Sumire jumps, and shoves her phone back in her bag. In the corner of her eye, Haru
discreetly does the same. “Nothing!” Sumire reassures, “I just saw something, but it’s not
important.”
“All is well, then.” Yusuke hums, pulling the hood of his hoodie up. He frowns, “Do we have
any more distinct plans beyond ‘enjoy our day at the beach’?”
Ren shrugs, “Not really. I don’t really know what you’re supposed to do at the beach, to be
honest.”
Haru tilts her head, “Really?”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, “Nope. Never been before.”
“Oh?” Goro raises an eyebrow, “Me neither.”
Ryuji suddenly sits up, “For real? Never?”
Ren points to himself, “Country boy.”

“Never had the time.” Goro says lightly.
“Huh.” Ryuji blinks, then turns to Sumire and Haru, “You guys’ve been, right?”
Sumire nods, “I went with my family once. It was a long time ago, though.” She furrows her
brow, scrounging around for the memory, “My sister and I were pretty young at the time, so
we mostly just played right along the shoreline.”
“The last time I went was a long time ago as well.” Haru chimes in, “I barely remember it, to
be honest, but I think I probably did something similar to you, Sumi-chan.”
Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, “Yeah, I guess it’s been a while since I’ve been, too. I think
the last time would’ve been middle school…?” He shrugs, and turns to his side, “How ‘bout
you, Yusuke?”
Yusuke tilts his head in thought, “I actually don’t believe I’ve ever been, either. There was
simply never an opportunity.”
Ryuji whistles, “Damn. That’s like… half the group.”
“Well, not anymore.” Sumire says brightly.
Haru giggles, “It’s nice to make some memories like this. I haven’t had much of the typical
high school experience thus far, so this is a pleasant change of pace.”
“I feel similarly.” Yusuke says, looking up from where he’s framing the ocean with his hands,
“I like to covet new experiences, but I’ve led a rather sheltered life.”
“What are we talking about?” Ann chimes in as she, Futaba, and Makoto all rejoin the group.
“Get this,” Ryuji starts, “Ren, Yusuke, and ‘Kechi have all never been to the beach before.”
“I haven’t been either.” Futaba says as she crouches down.
“Wow,” Ann says, eyes wide, “That’s, like, almost half of us.”
“That’s what I said!” Ryuji exclaims.
“I’ve never been before.” Morgana chimes in, flicking open an eye before curling back up
again.
“I don’t think Morgana’s been.” Ren translates, and Sumire has to supress a smile at
Morgana’s unimpressed glare.
“A cat whisperer too? Will your talents ever cease.” Goro deadpans.
“Never.” Ren grins at him, and winces when Morgana bats at his leg.
Makoto looks to be supressing yet another sigh, but instead just takes a seat on her towel,
“Well, that is half of us, then, including Morgana.”

“That just means we have to make the most of this!” Ann cheers, “So you all better have fun,
‘kay?”
Futaba clasps her hands together, “Spare me your wrath, O fun police.”
Ann pouts, “Well it’s not like I’m forcing anyone.”
Haru tilts her head, a confused smile on her lips, “And I’m pretty sure the alternative is not
having fun…”
“Fun it is.” Ren says, clapping his hands together and standing up, “I think I see a drink stand
over there. Does anyone want anything?”
There’s a clamour of various orders, and Ren grimaces, taking out his phone to jot everything
down.
“Cool.” Ren tucks his phone in his pocket, and turns to Goro, “Want to come along?”
Goro raises an eyebrow, but stands anyway, “Sure, I suppose.”
“See you in a bit!” Ann waves as they walk off, and Ren throws up a parting wave in
response.
“So, what should we do?” Makoto asks, awkwardly tucking a stray tuft of hair behind her ear.
“Oh, how about beach volleyball?” Haru pipes up, clasping her hands together, “I’ve always
wanted to try something like that.”
Sumire nods quickly, “That definitely sounds fun! There’s nine of us,” She carefully excludes
Morgana, “So we should be able to rotate teams pretty easily.”
“Eight.” Futaba corrects sheepishly, “I think I’d die if I played volleyball.”
“I guess you have been asleep for two weeks…” Ann mumbles, before she winces and pastes
on a cheerful smile, “Haha, because like… um…” She trails off and looks to Futaba for help.
Futaba just shrugs, “I don’t think two weeks of being awake could have given me muscles.”
Haru has a polite smile on her face, which Sumire is sure is mirrored on her own features.
…Sumire is genuinely impressed that the Phantom Thieves have yet to be caught. Though,
she guesses that having Goro both ignore and actively cover up the myriad graves the thieves
dig for themselves is a fairly good explanation.
“Well, we’ll just have to rotate teams a bit.” Sumire continues on.
“Sounds good to me,” Ryuji says with a grin, “It’s more fun that way anyway. And ‘Taba can
referee or something.”
Futaba gives a thumbs up, and then scoops up Morgana in her arms, to yowls of protest.

“And Mona can help me too, right kitty?” Futaba snickers.
“I’m not-” Morgana starts, before cutting himself off with a sigh. He scrambles his way out
of Futaba’s grip and onto her shoulders, “Fine. I’ll help.”
Futaba cackles in triumph, and Sumire turns to eye the remaining space on the beach.
“Should we start setting up now?” She turns to the rest of the group, “Or do you want to wait
for Goro and Amamiya-senpai?”
Makoto hums in contemplation, “I think we should start now, so that we’re ready for when
they come back.”
“How about over there?” Yusuke pipes up, pointing to an area of flat sand that has yet to be
claimed.
Ryuji springs to his feet, “Sounds good! I’ll go claim the spot.”
“Oh, I’ll come with!” Ann quickly hops up and falls into step with him.
Haru laughs softly to Sumire’s side, and Sumire shoots her a small smile. “Having fun?” She
asks.
Haru nods, and returns the smile, “Plenty. Shall we help them out?”
“Mmhm!” Sumire pushes herself to her feet, and trails after the others.
***
Ren rubs the back of his neck. It’s usually more of a nervous tick, but right now Ren feels
like he’s doing it simply for lack of anything else to do.
“Sorry for dragging you along.” He turns to Akechi, who just shakes his head.
“It’s fine.” Akechi reassures, “It would take more than one person to carry all the drinks, and
I don’t mind helping out.”
“Still.” Ren shrugs.
Akechi hums, and his lips twitch up, “I suppose my question would be why you asked me,
specifically.”
Ren tries to avoid letting the question catch him off guard, but his steps falter slightly
anyway. “Well…” He starts, like this is a question of far more weight than it reasonably
should be, “You kind of looked like you wanted to be somewhere else.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Oh?”
“Yeah.” Ren nods, then smiles sheepishly, “You didn’t have to come along if you really
didn’t want to. To the beach, I mean.”

Akechi huffs, amused, “Trying to get rid of me, Amamiya?”
“No, I’m glad you’re here.” Ren admits, surprising himself.
Akechi covers his mouth to cough, but Ren is pretty sure he can see the subtle curve of a
smile around the other’s eyes.
That’s not quite what catches his attention, though.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you without gloves.” Ren points out.
Akechi’s eyes widen slightly, before their shape is forced back into neutrality, “Huh.” Akechi
hums, and a TV smile takes over his face, “I suppose I rarely go without them, yes.”
If not for the near-violent speed with which Akechi had shoved his hands back into his
pockets, Ren might’ve been fooled by the act. “Any particular reason?” Ren chooses to push.
“Well, I do work in law enforcement,” Akechi says flatly, “It’s poor form to go around
contaminating evidence.”
A small grin twists on Ren’s face, “All the time, though? Sounds like the actions of someone
doing the crime rather than solving it, detective.”
That gets a laugh out of Akechi, “Who knows? Being a detective would be a rather good
cover in that case.”
Ren nods solemnly, “Smart. It fits.”
A bemused look passes on Akechi’s face, “What, being a criminal?”
Ren tilts his head, “Sure?”
Akechi raises another unimpressed eyebrow, and the two laugh before falling into silence.
“Jokes aside,” Ren starts after a beat, ignoring the slight irony of the statement, “Is there a
reason you usually wear gloves?”
Akechi frowns slightly, “What makes you so curious?”
Ren shrugs, reaching up to twist his fringe between his fingers, “It’s just a pretty strange habit
to have, is all.”
Akechi hums, but doesn’t respond.
Ren assumes that the other has no intention of answering the question, but perks up when
Akechi starts speaking again, “I never gave it much thought, at first.” He starts, looking at the
ground.
Ren makes a small noise to prompt him to continue.

Akechi shoots him another look before obliging, “It wasn’t until it was a fully established
habit that I realised I had become somewhat reliant on them- and, well, it seemed harmless
enough that I didn’t bother to try and break the habit.”
Ren nods slowly, “What are you reliant on them for?”
Akechi tilts his head, looking contemplative, “A defence, perhaps? You know, I never
bothered to examine that particularly closely, either.”
Ren smiles a little, “How come you didn’t wear them today?”
“It would be a bit inconvenient to wear leather gloves at a beach, don’t you think?” Akechi
asks flatly, “I doubt they’d survive the sand and salt water.”
“Yeah, that’d ruin them pretty quick.” Ren concedes.
Akechi laughs slightly, and runs a hand through his hair, “I am a bit uncomfortable, I’ll
admit, but it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.”
“That’s good,” Ren says softly.
Akechi shrugs, and looks away, “How about you, though?”
Ren blinks, “Huh?”
“Well, you’re not wearing your glasses.” Akechi points out, making eye contact again, “And
I happen to recall that I promised to figure out why you wear them.”
Ren vaguely remembers the banter shared at the fireworks festival, and nods dumbly.
“Excellent. I’ll share my assumptions, then.” Akechi says brightly, immediately straightening
up and placing a hand on his chin, “I believe we’re actually fairly similar in this regard. You
don’t need glasses, and yet you wear them almost religiously. It’s rather clear they’re not a
fashion statement- if anything, the opposite is true, when you choose to forgo them.”
“Um.” Ren starts, “Thanks?”
“I suppose that could be read as a compliment, yes. You do have rather nice eyes.” Akechi
says dryly, and before Ren can attempt to dissect any of that, he continues, “I don’t have
much evidence beyond a hunch, I confess, but it seems that you use your glasses as a way to
blend in.”
Ren stares for a beat, before rubbing the back of his neck, “What makes you say that?”
Akechi hums, and tilts his head, “The way you present yourself is painfully average, when in
truth you’re anything but. I won’t claim to know the reasoning, but you place an awful lot of
effort in hiding in plain sight, Amamiya.”
A startled laugh escapes Ren’s lips, “Wow- you,” He supresses a smile, “You’ve been paying
attention, huh?”

Akechi shoots him a teasing smirk, “That’s what you’re choosing to focus on?”
“Yeah.” Ren grins unapologetically, and then flicks his eyes downward, “You… pretty much
got it in one.” He takes a deep breath, “Have I ever told you about my criminal record?”
Akechi’s eyes widen, “No, I don’t believe you have.”
Ren chuckles awkwardly, “Yeah, it’s, uh. A thing. I’m actually on probation. I stopped some
asshole -drunk off his ass- from assaulting some woman, and when he tripped on his own
feet, he sued me.” He tries to reign in the bitterness he’s sure is showing on his face, “The
whole thing was bullshit, but my lawyer gave me my first pair of glasses and said they ‘made
me look less threatening’, or something.”
“Sounds like a load of horseshit. The trial, I mean.” Akechi scoffs, his eyes narrowing, voice
far colder than Ren’s ever heard it.
Ren bites his lip in a futile attempt to stop another laugh from tumbling out, “Yeah. Yeah, it
was.”
Akechi seems to catch his expression, smoothing it back out into something more pleasant, “I
know it doesn’t help, and that I wasn’t even there, but I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Ren shrugs, and gives a small half-smile, “Thanks. It’s nice to hear you say that. And that
you believe me.” He sighs, “And it’s not all bad, really- I wouldn’t have come to Tokyo if it
didn’t happen, and I did manage to help that woman.”
“That’s good.” Akechi says quietly, and the conversation tapers off into silence.
Akechi rolls his shoulders, staring ahead, “You should consider wearing your glasses less
often. I wasn’t kidding when I said you have nice eyes.”
Ren blinks, and feels his cheeks warm, “Um. Yeah. I’ll- do that.”
Akechi raises his eyebrows, and smirks, and Ren desperately tries to ignore how that makes
his face heat up even more.
Akechi’s smirk widens, but he shakes his head and seems to let it slide, “It’s funny, how
similar we are at times.” He murmurs.
“I’ve said that before, haven’t I?” Ren’s lips tug upward, “But I think we’re plenty different
too. Just in… similar ways? If that makes sense.”
Akechi nods slowly, an unreadable expression on his face, “It does. Certainly in this context.
I deal in smoke, and you mirrors.”
(In both of their minds, the Justice reaches rank six.)
***

Akechi tries to keep a proper hold on the five drinks Amamiya had shoved in his hands after
a combination of ordering them and punching numbers into a vending machine.
He had raised his eyebrows at being given five of the nine drinks, leaving him with the
heavier load, but when Amamiya had just given him a stupid grin in response, Akechi felt
content to roll his eyes and leave it at that.
By the time they get back, half the group is seemingly elsewhere.
“Apologies for the wait.” Akechi says blandly, passing Kitagawa his drink.
Kitagawa’s head snaps up from the sketchbook he was buried in, “Not at all, Akechi-san, I
must thank you for this drink.”
“Hey,” Amamiya pouts slightly, “I’m the one that paid for it.”
“Did you get me anything?” The cat looks up hopefully.
“Sorry, Mona.” Amamiya says, looking genuinely apologetic, “I don’t think soda is good for
you.”
The cat bats at Amamiya’s nose, “Soda isn’t good for you either, and you still drink it!”
“Uh huh.” Amamiya hums as he tosses Futaba a can of something that looks disgustingly
green.
She fumbles the catch, but manages to save it from falling onto the sand, “Thanks…” She
mumbles.
“Oh, you’re back.” Makoto says as she walks up to the group, “We were just setting up an
area for beach volleyball, if you wanted to join?” She asks, looking between Akechi and
Amamiya.
“I’m down.” Amamiya says with a shrug, and turns an expectant look on Akechi.
Akechi’s lips twitch upward slightly, “I wouldn’t mind joining as well. But, ah,” He gestures
to the collection of the group’s belongings, “If we’re all going, should we really leave our
things unattended?”
Makoto presses her lips together, “That’s true…” She claps her hands together, “We’ll just
have to move, then. There’s enough space over where the others are.”
Kitagawa nods, and Futaba groans, both of them moving to pick up their stuff. Amamiya
hauls more bags than necessary onto his shoulders, scooping up the remaining drinks, and
turns to Makoto, “Should I send everyone else up to grab their stuff?”
Makoto looks to consider it for a beat, and then shakes her head, “No, that shouldn’t be
necessary. Akechi-kun, do you think the two of us should be able to carry the remaining stuff
over?”

Akechi gives a short nod in confirmation, “At worst, we’ll have to make two trips. But the
two of us should suffice, yes.”
Amamiya nods, and leaves with the other two and the cat, leaving Akechi and Makoto to start
folding up towels and close the umbrella.
Makoto seems to take issue with the silence, as she bites her lip. “…Have you spoken to my
sister, lately?”
Akechi tilts his head, and raises an eyebrow, “Where’s this coming from, Niijima-san?”
“I just… haven’t seen her much, recently.” Makoto says stiltedly.
Akechi hums. “I see.” He looks down, scooping up Haru and Sumire’s bags over his
shoulder, “I’m afraid I haven’t seen her lately, either.”
Makoto shoots him a questioning look, “Oh? Don’t you work together?”
Akechi shrugs, “We do the equivalent of exchanging notes, but we’ve never been formal
partners on a case, no.”
Makoto worries her lips together, “She just speaks so highly of you, I thought…” She busies
herself with taking the sun umbrella out of the ground.
“Don’t misunderstand,” Akechi starts, “we do work together rather frequently, just not
lately.”
Makoto nods slowly, “Oh…” She narrows her eyes, “Aren’t you both working the Phantom
Thieves’ case?”
Akechi turns away to hide the twitch to his lips, “Yes, but we had… a difference of opinion.”
If that’s what it could be called.
Makoto’s eyes narrow even further. “…Over what…?” She says, clearly suspicious.
Akechi pastes on a bland smile, “Did you hear that she threatened Futaba-chan’s guardian
over his custody, as a last-ditch attempt to try and squeeze information out of him?”
Makoto’s face crumples, and she kicks lightly at the sand, “…It was implied, at one point. I
was hoping it was a misunderstanding.”
“No such luck, I’m afraid.” Akechi says flatly.
Makoto sighs, “Yeah… She’s been… distant.” She huffs, “I didn’t realise she was getting
so-”
“Aggressive?” Akechi supplies.
“Yeah.” She presses her lips together, “I’ve always looked up to my sister, so it’s a bit much
to hear that she’s been doing this.”

Akechi hums, “She’s always been intense, as long as I’ve known her.” He folds a towel with
a bit more force than necessary, “But her skirting the line of legality and morality is
something of a recent development.”
Makoto laughs weakly, “I can’t tell if that’s a good thing or not.”
“Who’s to say?” Akechi says lightly. He looks down, “At the very least, I doubt this is an
inherent part of her personality.”
Makoto smiles to herself like she’s in on a joke, “Just a distortion of it, I guess.”
“Hm.” Akechi offers, carefully not reacting to her choice of wording.
Makoto sighs, and continues, “It’s just so… frustrating, how she’s been acting. I remember
that she looked up to dad as much as I do, but now it’s like she’s trying to forget he even
existed.” She scowls, and snaps the sun umbrella shut, “She just gets so mad when I try to
bring up justice or anything related to her or dad’s job. I’ve tried connecting with her, but
she’s always busy, or giving her attention to someone else-” She cuts herself off.
“Right.” Akechi almost laughs, “That is part of the reason we don’t get along, no?”
Among other things.
Makoto shoots him a look, “…Among other things, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi does laugh, this time, “Right, of course.”
There’s a beat of silence, and Makoto speaks up again, “…I don’t know why she’s so
different. But I remember how passionate she used to be about justice and social issues, and I
can’t help but wonder what happened.”
Akechi doesn’t think anything happened, personally. Sure, Sae’s father died, but she’s hardly
special in that regard- people’s parents die all the time. Even if Sae had managed to dodge
that bullet three years ago, it would have happened eventually.
And if not that, doubtless something else would have happened to get the ball rolling.
(Akechi wonders if he would have turned out any different, if his mother had lived a little
longer. He cuts off the train of thought before he settles on an answer.)
“…Who knows?” Akechi eventually settles on saying, “Shall we get moving? I believe
everyone is waiting for us.”
Makoto tilts her head at him before a beat, before collecting herself and nodding.
Akechi almost jumps when the High Priestess grows to rank two.
***

Ren half-walks, half-waddles over to where the other thieves (plus Haru and Yoshizawa) are,
dumping the bags he’s carrying unceremoniously on the ground. He picks up the remaining
cans of drinks, and hands them out to everyone.
“Thanks!” Ann says, cheerfully accepting her can of soda. She pops open the top, and then
frowns, “Where are Makoto and Akechi-kun?”
“Packing up the rest of our things to move over here, I believe.” Yusuke chimes in, placing
his bag down on the ground with far more care than Ren had shown to his own belongings.
“How long are they gonna take?” Ryuji calls from where he’s setting up the volleyball net.
Futaba shrugs, and claims the one chair they have, “Dunno. It took us like ten minutes to set
up, but they’ve gotta take everything down, too.”
“Not too long, then.” Yoshizawa says, tossing the volleyball in her hands up and down
absently. She gives a tentative smile when Ren passes her drink to her.
“Should we start a game without them?” Haru asks, standing up and dusting the sand off her
legs, “It’s a three-on-three game, so someone would have been sitting out anyway.”
“Sounds good.” Ren says with a nod.
Volleyball, as it turns out, is a difficult game to play when you’ve played it a total of once
before. It is especially difficult when you have to play on sand, which is not the most
forgiving surface to stand or jump on.
Everyone else appears to be having similar problems to Ren, which he takes solace in.
A surprising number of people within the group have some measure of obvious or hidden
athletic ability. How each person’s latent ability translates to volleyball is another factor.
Yoshizawa, being a gymnast, can jump far higher than she has any right to. She’s also rather
precise in her movement, making her one of the more formidable opponents to face.
Haru, surprisingly, actually has quite a lot of muscle that wasn’t immediately obvious. When
asked, she cheerily explained that she has a lot of experience with swinging axes, and Ren
stopped asking pretty quickly after that. Her muscle doesn’t actually do her many favours,
aside from thoroughly bruising her unfortunate targets whenever she manages to hit the ball.
Yusuke is not athletic in the slightest. He is pretty tall, but any benefit he could have reaped
from such an advantage is pretty quickly cancelled out by how he barely seems to be paying
attention to the game.
Ann is also somewhat lacking in the athletics department. On the other hand, she has the best
grasp on the rules -no doubt from Shiho- which doesn’t actually translate to being a great
player. At some point, she stops playing games and joins Futaba and Morgana in being
referees.

Ryuji is a former track star, which, much like Haru, doesn’t actually do him many favours in
volleyball. He also starts sitting out after a few games, and waves off any concern when Ren
tries to surreptitiously ask if his leg is acting up.
Makoto and Akechi, when they both finally join the games, are both intensely competitive,
and have the athletic capabilities to back them up. (Ren learned his lesson from when he
asked why Haru was so athletic, and chooses to let these instances slide.) Ren was
unfortunate enough to be on a team opposing Makoto, Yoshizawa, and Akechi for one game.
The game did not last long.
Ren himself can modestly say he’s pretty athletic- some holdovers from when he did dance as
a kid, as well as the muscle he’s been rebuilding for the sake of Phantom Thievery. He can
also say that he gets pretty swept up in the competition of it all, and has earned himself a few
stink eyes from when he went a little too hard in the games that were supposed to be casual.
Ren was lucky enough to be teamed up with Akechi and Yoshizawa for one game. That game
did also not last very long.
Eventually, as the sky begins to dip from blue to orange on the fringes, and the group splits
off and fragments to start gathering their things, Ren sees Futaba squatting right on the shore,
staring out at the rhythmic push and pull of the waves.
He walks over to her, and he doesn’t seem to be the only one, as all the other thieves slowly
gather in a circle, while Akechi, Yoshizawa, and Haru are all elsewhere, packing their
belongings away.
Futaba sighs, and eventually speaks, “Y’know, I’ve been wondering about the fake suicide
note those men in black suits read out.”
Ren winces at the sudden change in tone, but nods slowly, “Yeah?”
“I believed it for so long,” Futaba continues in almost a whisper, “…I know it was faked now,
but… I’m still stuck on the why.”
“Yeah…” Ann suddenly says, her eyes widening, “Do you think there was a specific reason
for it, Futaba-chan?”
“My mom didn’t commit suicide.” Futaba says firmly, “She didn’t jump into the road, it was
more like she just… collapsed.”
“So it could have been an accident, then?” Yusuke asks, folding his arms, “Just a symptom of
overwork?”
Futaba shakes her head, “That could’ve been it, but… I read my mom’s research once. She,
uh, got really mad at me when she caught me,” She laughs sheepishly, “But I remember
seeing one of her theories, that the other self is tied to the real self, and anything done to the
other self will be reflected in some way in the real self’s actions and thought processes.”
“That sounds like she was talking about shadows.” Morgana says gravely, flicking his tail.

“Shit, just how deep was your mom’s research getting?” Ryuji exclaims, running a hand
through his hair.
“It sounds like she could be describing the psychotic breakdowns and mental shutdowns.”
Makoto cuts in, a hard look in her eye, “If we assume that those phenomena are caused by
someone interfering with people’s shadows in the Metaverse.”
Ren frowns, “…But haven’t those things only be happening for the past two years?”
“And my mom died two years ago.” Futaba finishes, “So I don’t think she was researching
those events specifically.”
Makoto hums, and then shakes her head, “That doesn’t mean her research wasn’t about them,
though.”
Futaba nods, “Which is kinda my point. I can’t find my mom’s research anywhere. And I’ve
looked.”
“What are you implying?” Yusuke furrows his brow.
“I think that someone stole and hid my mom’s research.” Futaba clenches her fists, “And I’d
bet a lot that the men who read her suicide note were involved.”
Ren nods slowly, “We kind of theorised about this in your palace.” He admits, “When we saw
some stuff in your memories of everything that seemed kind of off.”
“So…” Ryuji starts, “Do you guys think that someone stole Futaba’s mom’s research, and
then used it to give her a mental shutdown?”
“That’s definitely something I’ve thought of.” Futaba says quietly, giving Ryuji a nod, “If she
was the only one who was looking into this stuff, and the way she died…” She shakes her
head, “The more I think about it, the more I think she was murdered.”
Ren sighs, pressing his lips together, and he can see the other thieves doing much of the same
around them. They had considered this as a possibility, but to have it pretty much confirmed
is another thing.
“We think we might have a lead.” Makoto says, turning to Futaba, “Both Madarame and
Kaneshiro mentioned another Metaverse user.”
“Madarame indicated that they had a black mask.” Yusuke chimes in.
“And Kaneshiro said, or, well, heavily implied that the same guy was the one behind the
mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns,” Ann says, tugging at one of her pigtails.
“Damn, really?” Futaba’s eyes widen.
Morgana nods solemnly, “We also think they might be watching us in palaces. Both Ren and
I could sense someone when we were in Kaneshiro’s palace.”

“I don’t think they were watching us when we were going through your palace, though.” Ren
cuts in, “Or they got better at hiding, at least.”
Futaba nods slowly, humming, before she suddenly jumps up, “Oh!”
“What?” Ryuji jumps at her sudden exclamation.
“I just remembered something!” Futaba says hurriedly, “So, my shadow merged to be my
persona, right?”
Everyone gives some variation of a tentative nod.
“So, I didn’t get, like, everything that happened in my palace,” Futaba continues, tripping
over her words as she gets them out as fast as possible, “Just some vibes, really. But I do
remember feeling like there was something else in my palace other than you guys.”
Ren stiffens, and the other thieves all look at each other with varying degrees of alarm.
“Do you think…?” Makoto starts, and there’s about a hundred ways Ren could finish that
sentence.
The black mask, if that’s who it was- could they have been just spying on the thieves? Could
they have been there to hurt Futaba, to tie up the loose end? Or maybe-?
“Uh, calm down.” Futaba cuts into everyone’s panicking, “It’s weird, since it doesn’t really
feel like they were… malicious? Like, at all.”
“So…?” Morgana prompts.
“It’s like…” Futaba huffs, shoving her glasses further up her nose, “The vibe I got from all of
you being there was pretty much just the warm fuzzies, since you were all trying to help me.
And the vibe I got from the other thing is… a step to the left? They weren’t trying to get
through my palace at all, I think. But I feel like they were nice.”
Ren narrows his eyes, and presses his lips together.
He’s still yet to share his suspicions about Yoshizawa.
It’s not like the suspicion has gone away, far from it- but he doesn’t exactly have the evidence
to back it up beyond a hunch, and a lot of suspicious coincidences.
Ren’s original reason for being wary of Yoshizawa is based largely in the few scraps he can
remember from the Aeon dreams, as well as the fact that she acts so weirdly towards Ren
specifically.
Those are the things that are a little harder to explain away, but if Ren opens up the list of
coincidences, he can start painting a bigger picture.
Yoshizawa was at Leblanc on one of the days that the thieves went to Futaba’s palace. Not
really a base for anything, but if she is the black mask, she could have found Futaba’s palace

by following them fairly easily.
She also gets along with Futaba quite well. Definitely a stretch, but now that Futaba herself
has said that the intruder in her palace seemed ‘nice’, it means that Yoshizawa’s and the black
mask’s intentions at least align in this.
She’s also friends with Akechi- and Ren feels really bad for being so suspicious of
Yoshizawa purely based on who she’s nice to, but Akechi is a detective on the case of the
mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks. Ren isn’t sure what that could imply, but it’s another
coincidental connection.
But that’s all Ren has. He knows that his friends are all pretty fond of Yoshizawa, too, so he
doesn’t want to cause a rift on such flimsy evidence.
He’ll have to keep an eye on her in his own time.
Futaba sighs, snapping Ren out of his thoughts.
“I want to find whoever killed my mom.” Futaba says, determination written all over her
face, “And, I know you guys are already looking for them so… um, can I join you guys?”
Ryuji grins, and pats her shoulder, “Are you kiddin’? You’re already one of us.”
Futaba crumples, looking relived, as all the other thieves nod in affirmation of Ryuji’s
declaration.
“Thanks.” She says with a small smile. She tilts her head, “You guys all use codenames,
right?” She grins mischievously, “So! What should mine be?”
***
Sumire shakes out her towel of as much sand as she can, and carefully folds it into a neat
square. She looks out over the near-empty beach, and tries not to let her eyes linger too long
on where the thieves are standing on the shoreline.
“What do you think they’re talking about?” Haru asks quietly.
“Thieves-related business, I assume.” Goro says sharply, “That, or something generally
personal that they simply didn’t want to share with us.”
Sumire hums in agreement, “I think all their personal things kind of link into their Phantom
Thieves stuff, anyway. So it’s probably a bit of both.”
From where the three of them can see, the conversation certainly looks somewhat sombre.
Haru sighs, “Well since we’ve been given the opportunity, any updates on our end?”
“Shido has started his plans to make Okumura the Phantom Thieves’ problem.” Goro says
darkly, “It largely involves using his control over the media to draw attention to the man’s

ethical malpractice, and messing with the thieves’ website to stage the level to which the
public wants to change his heart.”
“I see.” Haru hums.
Sumire shifts, “Do you think that not giving them a personal reason will be enough?”
“Well, you’d be the expert on that, wouldn’t you?” Goro says dryly, raising an eyebrow.
Sumire laughs sheepishly, “Right…” She frowns, “We should definitely keep an eye on them.
I don’t think Kaneshiro was nearly as personal as the rest of them, so it’s not like the thieves
will just ignore this because they don’t have a personal stake.”
Haru nods, “We may have to try and influence them slightly. I can help with that, if it comes
down to it.”
“I can as well.” Goro cuts in, “But I’m not sure how effective my word would be on their
decision making.”
Sumire raises her hand, “I can… try?” She awkwardly adjusts her glasses, “I don’t know how
good I’d be at convincing them, though. It might just be weird for me to start talking about
it.”
Goro nods, “That’s true. We don’t want to raise any suspicions accidentally.”
Haru claps her hands together, “I think I might have a few ideas on how do dissuade them.”
She looks down, “Though, I think I can only start doing them after my father starts getting
some bad press.”
Goro shakes his head, “That’s perfectly fine. It would be odd to steer them away from
Okumura before he’s even a blip on their radar.”
Sumire sighs, “So we just have to wait?”
Haru smiles in commiseration, “Seems like it.”
Goro waves a dismissive hand, “We have time.”
***
“You’re back late.” A voice cuts in as Haru closes the front door behind her.
She flinches at the icy tone. “I’m sorry, father.” She says quietly, walking into the living
room, “I was with someone at all times, so I wasn’t in any danger.” She says, knowing full
well that particular hangup isn’t the cause of her father’s grievances.
Her father hmphs, and waves a hand dismissively. “Don’t do it again.” He says shortly, and
Haru quickly nods and moves to head to her room.

“Oh, Haru.” Her father calls out again, and she turns around, “Have you been getting along
with Sugimura?”
It is with great difficultly that Haru manages to supress the sneer that threatens to cut her
face, “Yes, father.” She lies.
“Good.” He doesn’t turn to face her, “He suggested that you move in with him, soon.”
Haru can feel ice prick at the edges of her nerves, “Oh?” She hums, “When, exactly, did he
suggest?”
“Sometime in October, I believe. Think about it.” Her father says, and judging by the tilt to
his voice, Haru can tell that the conversation is over.
October. So she has two months at best, and just one at worst. Though, if her father is to be
believed, she does have some measure of a choice.
Shit.
Haru, with as much grace and decorum as she can muster, quietly ascends the stairs to her
room, and slowly clicks the door shut behind her.
She resists the urge to break all of the prettily arranged porcelain tea sets placed on various
shelves. As satisfying as it would be, it wouldn’t serve much purpose.
Instead, Haru sits down on her bed, and falls back with a thump to stare at the ceiling.

Chapter End Notes

Congrats, Makoto! You're out of rank 1 purgatory. And, Oracle joins the party! That's
everyone, now.
Fun fact: In one of the end notes in an earlier chapter, I complained about writing scenes
with more than three characters, and bemoaned the fact that p5 has 10 (10!) main
characters. This chapter, I was writing this chapter when I complained.
Looooong chapter. But hey! Summer break has come to a close! I think I can officially
say about a third of this fic has been uploaded? /maybe/? It's hard to say, but this is
definitely a 'landmark chapter' in my eyes.
So! For once I'm not linking my own art, but iivynessa on tumblr drew something for a
joke that was made in the comments! (See: the Star arcana summarised) I haven't
stopped giggling it's so cute hehe- check it out here!
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr

Instagram
Confidants! No one is at rank one, anymore.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 5
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 4
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 5
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 6
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Ren, fishing for compliments: What's that? My eyes are pretty?
Akechi: I mean, objectively.
Ren:
Ren: oh

Chapter 29
Chapter Summary

Dreams, control, and school trips.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

That night, Ren dreams.
When the dream fails to start off with a memory again, Ren is a little concerned that this
particular encounter is going to end the same as the last time.
That being, getting shot in the head over and over for no discernible reason other than Crow
being a cryptic piece of shit.
That doesn’t seem to be the case, though, as Ren takes a second to properly observe his
surroundings. He's in Leblanc, standing behind the bar- though he’s still wearing his
Metaverse outfit, making for quite the picture.
The bell above the door tinkles, and Crow walks in and slumps on down on one of the stools.
The same stool that Akechi had sat on the other day, Ren notes absently.
Crow makes no attempt at conversation, and instead makes a show of inspecting his
gauntlets. Ren rolls his eyes, and tugs off his gloves, looking to busy himself with making
coffee.
He can see Crow tilt his head slightly as he starts up the siphons. Crow looks up properly
when Ren places a cup of coffee in front of him, giving him a pointed look.
Crow rolls his eyes with his entire head, and takes off his helmet with a short click. He
continues glaring at Ren as he takes a sip of coffee, his face scrunching like he’s swallowed
an entire lemon.
“What?” Ren makes an effort not to pout, “S’not good?”
“You don’t remember my order.” Crow says snippily.
“It’s what I made for the you in the real world, and he seemed to like it fine.” Ren frowns.
Crow rolls his eyes, “I’m sure he liked it ‘fine’, yes, but it wasn’t the best thing he’s ever
had.”

“What high standards I have to live up to.” Ren deadpans.
“The standards are yourself.” Crow snaps, “This would be a lot easier if the forces of the
universe let you remember.”
Ren throws up his hands, “So you’re just as annoyed as I am!”
Crow scrapes a hand down his face, “Of course I am. I keep telling you that I’m not in
control of this.”
“And you don’t know who is.” Ren states more than asks, and Crow nods in confirmation.
Ren huffs, leaning over the bar and holding his face in his hand.
Ren kicks at the floor, “…So no memory this time?”
“No.” Crow takes another sip of coffee.
“And no weird ‘speculation’ where you find excuses to shoot me a bunch?” Ren asks, raising
an eyebrow.
Crow rolls his eyes, and Ren thinks it’s a wonder they don’t get stuck, “I was just warning
you what you’re getting into.”
“Yep.” Ren says, popping the ‘p’, “And I still don’t want you to die, believe it or not.”
Crow scoffs, “Are you sure that not just because you’re charmed by the real me’s bullshit?
He’s lying to you, you know.”
“Uh huh.” Ren mumbles, moving back over to the siphons.
In the waking world- though it’s kind of hard to tell with his mind as it is now- Ren knows he
isn’t suspicious in the slightest of Akechi. Ren doesn’t know how much he should be, eitherCrow does make a good point in saying that there isn’t a monopoly on the colour black.
…A sentiment that falls somewhat flat, when Crow made such a point of making sure Ren
‘knows what he’s getting into’.
Assuming that Ren’s cognition is accurate, then the Akechi in the real world is, at the very
least, hiding his real personality. It has slipped lately, though, Ren thinks, remembering
Akechi’s scathing remarks about the state of Ren’s trial. A small smile twitches onto his lips
as he thinks about it.
“What are you doing?” Crow asks, with the tone of someone who just saw their cat throw up
on their shoes.
“Trying to guess your order.” Ren says, moving back towards the siphons.
“I meant with your face.” Crow snaps, narrowing his eyes.
Ren blinks, “What, smiling?”

“Yes.” Crow glares, “Cut it out.”
The smile stretches into a grin, “Why?”
“Because I see that despite all my efforts, you have missed the point.” Crow growls.
“You might want to give up, then.” Ren says, pouring another cup, “I’m clearly never going
to get it if I haven’t gotten it by now.”
Crow folds his arms in a huff, “You’re insufferable.”
Ren smirks, and shrugs.
“This is kinda nice.” Ren mumbles as he places the coffee down on the bar, “Talking with
you without all the weird memory stuff.”
“I don’t think there’s a way to separate me from all the ‘weird memory stuff’.” Crow says
dryly, picking up the new cup, “And you can talk to the me in the real world, can’t you?”
“Yeah.” Ren agrees, and he would make a note to spend more time with Akechi if he could
remember this afterwards. He frowns, “Is Akechi forgetting all of this as well, or is he just
fucking with me?”
“He can’t remember, either.” Crow says, in a rare bout of clarity, “No one can.”
Ren’s eyes narrow, “So this is bigger than just us?”
“Your actions don’t exist in a vacuum.” Crow explains, giving Ren a piercing look, “Your
actions have consequences. And they have had consequences, beyond the scope of you and
I.”
Ren’s eyes narrow even further, “What the hell happened for the end result to be all of this?”
“Oh, you know.” Crow says flatly, knowing full well that Ren, in fact, does not know.
Ren sighs and slaps his hands over his face, “Part of me doesn’t even want to try guessing,
because I get the feeling that it’s going to be both so much simpler and so much more insane
than anything I could come up with.”
“Giving up already?” Crow raises an eyebrow.
“Why me?” Ren says, and then winces when it sounds too whiny, “I mean,” He starts again,
“Why are you trying to get just me to remember? What about Akechi? What about anyone
else who got caught up in this.” Ren pauses. “And why are you trying to get me to hate you
while you’re at it?”
Crow scowls, “I don’t have much choice in the matter. You’re a wildcard. You’re supposed to
remember this stuff, and it’s insanely frustrating that you don’t. And I can’t leave your head to
try with anyone else.” He tilts his head, “As for the last, it just seems to be in my nature. You
might want to examine your own cognition, for that one.”

Ren sighs, and files it away for later.
Ren traces random shapes into the countertop, “… No one else remembers?”
Crow hums, and tilts his head, “Well…”
Before Ren can leap onto that train of thought, the dream ends, and he wakes up.
As he rapidly gains lucidity, and feels the chime of the Aeon reaching rank seven, Ren tries
desperately to grasp at any details for the dream. He -quietly- slaps his hands against his face,
huffing, when he fails to grab anything.
Maybe these things are all dying down, Ren thinks, with a hope he doesn’t think is entirely
unfounded. Even though the Aeon is still ranking up, he’s having less of these dreams, and
the visions have all but stopped.
…Ren feels like he might jinx himself if he keeps thinking like that, but he remains hopeful
either way.
***
Sumire carefully tugs out another plant by its roots, placing it gingerly in one of the pots that
Haru has set up.
“I’m going to cut down the garden’s size by about half, now that we’re moving to the roof.”
Haru explains as she surveys the garden, “I’ve picked out the healthiest plants that I want to
keep.”
Sumire looks up from where she’s patting some dirt down onto the freshly buried plant,
“What about all the others?”
Haru sighs solemnly, and frowns, “I’m honestly not sure. I debated moving them to the
garden I keep on my balcony, but I don’t know if they’d all fit.”
Sumire hums, her eyes flicking back down to her work.
They continue in silence for a time, and Sumire jumps violently when the silence is broken.
“Okumura-san.” A voice cuts in, and Sumire looks up to see Kawakami approach the
gardens.
“Y-yes, Ms. Kawakami?” Haru blinks, clearly confused at being singled out by a teacher not
in charge of her class.
“Sorry, can I have a word?” Kawakami asks flatly, sounding bored, “You don’t have to leave,
Yoshizawa-san, it isn’t confidential or anything.”
Sumire nods awkwardly from where she’s squatted on the ground.

Kawakami sighs, “Anyway, the second-years are having their school trip to Hawaii next
week, and some things have come up.”
Haru tilts her head, furrowing her brow, “Oh?”
“The police have started getting antsy about catching the Phantom Thieves, and they want to
question the teachers here over the coming weeks.” Kawakami continues, “Which means that
some of us can’t go. So, we’re looking to get some of the third years in as proxies.”
Haru blinks, “Oh! You want me to go?”
“Yeah.” Kawakami shrugs, “You’re one of the more responsible students, so the staff
collectively decided that you were one of our top choices.”
Haru nods, a smile spreading on her face, “Thank you, Ms. Kawakami. I’d love to go.”
Kawakami slumps in relief, “Great. Thanks, Okumura-san.” She makes an aborted move to
leave, before quickly turning back around, “Oh, and Niijima-san is going as well, so you can
ask her if you have any more questions.”
Kawakami turns and leaves, and Sumire waits until she’s a decent distance away before she
turns to Haru.
“Um, so I’m also going to be in Hawaii that week.” Sumire starts.
She hadn’t forgotten, definitely not- she’s just had other things on her mind. Such as a
government conspiracy.
Haru blinks in surprise, “Really? That’s…”
“Convenient?” Sumire finishes, “It’s a second-year trip, so that means that all of the Phantom
Thieves except for Futaba-senpai and Morgana are going, I think.”
Haru nods slowly, before frowning, “Even Kitagawa-kun?”
“Yeah…” Sumire starts, remembering how she had seen the artist last timeline in the
souvenir shop. She never questioned why he was there, so she supposes that might be up in
the air.
“Well, he was there last time.” Sumire decides on, shrugging.
Haru presses her lips together, “This might be a good opportunity to start subtly influencing
the thieves, if we get the chance.”
Sumire nods quickly, “I think so, too. Well, if things start happening with your dad at that
point.”
Haru hums, tilting her head, “Do you remember when that started happening, last time?
Goro-kun didn’t seem to have an exact ‘start date’ for us to work with.”

Sumire wracks her brain, frowning, “I… think some things started happening by the time I
went to Hawaii? I was so focused on gymnastics at the time, though, so I wasn’t really paying
attention.”
Haru smiles, “That’s okay. It’s not like everything will happen all at once, so we have time to
improvise.”
Sumire nods, and shoots her a relieved smile, “I’m sorry that all my information is kind of
vague. I only started paying more attention after I awakened my persona, last time.”
“When did that happen?” Haru asks.
“Early October.” Sumire replies confidently- this she remembers quite well, “It was sort of an
accident, but once I knew who all the Phantom Thieves were, I wanted to make sure they
were okay, even if I didn’t join them at the time.”
Haru hums, “Well, by the sounds of it, that’s around the time that things started getting a bit
dire, so it’ll be good to have some extra knowledge on the situation.”
Sumire makes a sound of agreement, and turns back to the plants.
***
“How are we even going to get any info on the black mask?” Ryuji asks with no small
amount of annoyance in his voice, leaning back in his chair.
“It does seem an impossible task.” Yusuke chimes in gravely, leaning against Ren’s work
bench.
Ann leans back against the couch, “It’s not like we can just… stake out Mementos, or
anything. We’d be waiting for months.”
“That, and forcing an encounter with an assassin isn’t exactly what I’d call an advised course
of action.” Makoto adds dryly.
Ren frowns, breathing out sharply through his nose. He tries not to let his theories run amok
in his head, knowing that he can’t really back them up.
How to catch the black mask, his team asks? Well, he could discretely try and ‘accidentally’
activate the Nav around Yoshizawa, and see what happens. He could also enlist the help of
Morgana to tail her- or, if she’s been spying on them, see if she trips up with Morgana’s
voice.
Of course, that could also lead to just accidentally dragging a completely uninvolved girl into
the Metaverse with no persona. Or having a cat stalk her. Or having a cat meow at her
nonsensically.
…This is why Ren didn’t want to let his theories get out of hand.

He must look a little too deep in thought, as Morgana shoots him a questioning look. Ren
waves him off, and is saved from further prying by Futaba’s low cackle.
“You’re all thinking too inside the box.” She says, fingers rapidly tapping away at her laptop,
“We’re not the only ones looking for this guy- we’re just the only ones with access to the
Metaverse.”
“Uh… ain’t that the point?” Ryuji asks, furrowing his brow, “Aren’t we the best people to
catch this guy if we’re the only ones who know how he’s doing it?”
“Sure, we’re the best candidates to catch the black mask,” Futaba nods, not looking up from
her screen, “But as for finding their identity, I’d say the police have a much more organised
system.”
Makoto raises an eyebrow, “How do you expect them to have any idea?”
“Spreadsheets.” Futaba says flatly, “We don’t know anything about the black mask, but if
they’re an assassin, then they’re probably working for someone, right?”
There’s a round of nods from everyone.
“So!” Futaba continues, “Someone’s gotta be analysing all the mental shutdowns and
psychotic breaks, right? So if we just get a hold of that, and take a look at who the majority of
these incidents are benefiting, then bam! We have our mastermind, if not the black mask
themselves.”
“Then we can check out their palace.” Ren murmurs, “There’d probably be a whole lot of
stuff about the mental shutdowns in there, if they’re the one orchestrating them.”
“Bingo!” Futaba cheers, finishing her typing with a flourish, “We just need a lead, and then
all the rest should fall like dominoes.”
“But how are we going to get information like that?” Makoto cuts in.
“Uh…” Ann leans forward, “Makoto, didn’t you say your sister was on the mental shutdowns
case?”
Makoto sighs, pressing her lips together, “Yes…”
“And Ren,” Yusuke tilts his head, “Aren’t you and Akechi-san somewhat close? I recall he’s
on that case as well.”
Ren frowns, but nods anyway.
“Hey, that’s like half the problem already solved!” Futaba says, looking between the two of
them, “Now we just find a way to get some information off them.”
Makoto opens and closes her mouth, “I- can’t you just hack the police database, or
something?” She asks weakly, and Ren is inclined to agree.

“Not unless I wanna get arrested, I don’t.” Futaba raises her eyebrows, “I mean, I could, but
it’s kinda risky. There’s a whole lot of firewalls that’ll ping if I try to push past them.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “I mean, I can’t just ask my sister about her case. She
barely talks to me at all.”
“Does she have a laptop, or something?” Futaba asks, tilting her head, “I’d prefer raw
information over just asking your sis for the deets.”
Makoto sighs, “She does bring her laptop home sometimes…”
“Then here!” Futaba whips out a USB, “This’ll copy the hard drive, and bypass the OS
password. All you need to do is plug it in.”
Makoto tentatively reaches out and takes the USB, looking at it with a conflicted expression.
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to!” Ann says quickly, “This is kind of a big ask…”
“Yeah,” Ryuji cuts in, “And Ren can ask Akechi too, right? We’ve got a backup!”
“I don’t want to betray his trust.” Ren says quietly, “I’m definitely not stealing from him. I
don’t even think I could- I’ve never seen him with a laptop or anything.”
The thieves deflate at his declaration, and then turn to Makoto with a hopeful expression.
Makoto worries her lips together, “I…” She sighs, “Fine. If Ren doesn’t want to do
anything…” She mutters, sounding slightly bitter, which Ren elects to ignore, “I’ll try, next
time she comes home.”
There’s a collective -and not very subtle- sigh of relief, and Makoto slumps, “I can’t promise
anything, though!” She says firmly, “And I’ll definitely be in trouble if I get caught.”
“Just don’t get caught then.” Futaba says, ducking back down to stare at her laptop with
intensity.
“Right…” Makoto mumbles, looking resigned. Ren shoots her an apologetic look, and she
frowns deeper in response.
The meeting trails off after that, with the plan in place. Ren drags the table and chairs back
into place after the thieves leave, slumping onto his bed from exhaustion.
Morgana pokes at his shoulder, “You should probably go to bed early, if you’re this tired.”
“Yeah.” Ren mumbles, turning onto his stomach and burying his face in his pillow.
“At least eat dinner first!” Morgana yelps, “And brush your teeth!”
A smile tugs at the corner of Ren’s lips, and he buries his face further into his pillow.

Morgana gives an exasperated sigh, and curls up into a loaf. After a beat, he speaks up, “Hey,
I’ve noticed you always get this weird look when we talk about the black mask.”
Ren freezes, and then slowly peels his face back up to look at Morgana properly, “What do
you mean?”
“Well…” Morgana huffs, “You look really deep in thought. Like you’re considering
something.” He flicks his tail, “Do you… have some suspicions about someone? Or do you
know something?”
Ren opens his mouth, then clicks it shut. He didn’t realise he was being so transparent.
Thinking on it, though, probably only Morgana has enough of a catalogue on his facial
expressions to notice something’s up.
He could tell Morgana. He doesn’t want to worry the thieves, since they’re all pretty fond of
Yoshizawa, but Morgana has no such reservations. But, on the other hand, he doesn’t want to
split the group into parts with what knowledge he grants. The Phantom Thieves only act on
unanimous decision, but that hardly holds if Ren’s allowing them to operate on differing
information.
He’ll keep it to himself, for now.
“Nope.” Ren eventually responds, “I’m just kinda worried, s’all.”
Morgana narrows his eyes into slits, “Really?”
“Yep.” Ren lies with his best poker face, “Who wouldn’t be, in this situation?” He mashes his
face back into the pillow, signalling the end of the conversation.
He can feel Morgana’s eyes on him for a long pause, before Morgana makes a sound
somewhere between a hiss and a growl, and trots out the window.
Ren sighs, and rolls over to look at the ceiling.
Maybe he should speak to Yoshizawa more.
***
Akechi chooses not to interrupt Haru’s moment of solemnity as she surveys the garden before
them- a third of its planters already emptied and moved elsewhere.
The courtyard is painted in a golden-orange light, as the sun starts to dip behind the cityscape
surrounding Shujin’s main building. Haru had invited him to help out with this particular
task- something he only agreed to do if there were no other students around, thus, the late
hour.
“It’s a bit sad…” Haru murmurs, which Akechi thinks might be an understatement, looking at
her expression, “I put a lot of effort into this garden, and now I have to get rid of most of it.”
Akechi hums, “You haven’t considered moving it elsewhere?”

Haru shakes her head, “I have. I mentioned it to Sumi-chan, but I don’t have anywhere that
all these plants could fit. And it would be a lot of work, too.”
Akechi nods, “I see. Well, how are we disposing of all this?”
“We basically just need to take everything out of the ground and toss it into one big pile,”
Haru says after a beat, clearly collecting her thoughts, “The school set it up for someone to
come and collect it, I believe.”
Akechi scoffs, “They couldn’t have made it so this other person took care of this part of the
process as well?”
The corners of Haru’s mouth twitch up, “Too much effort to organise, I suppose. And
besides, I don’t mind the work, and it’s a good chance to say goodbye.”
Akechi won’t pretend to understand Haru’s sentimentality towards a garden that could be
easily cultivated elsewhere, but he hums in affirmation all the same. He tries not to look too
disgusted by the idea of digging a bunch of roots out of the dirt, and gingerly peels off his
gloves, putting them in his pocket.
Haru must sense his apprehension, as she tosses him a pair of gardening gloves. Akechi
catches them, sending her a grateful nod as he slips them over his hands.
They get to work in silence, scooping up plants by the roots one-by-one, and tossing them
into a slowly growing pile at the edge of the courtyard.
After a while, Haru speaks up, “Do you remember when we first met?”
Akechi raises an eyebrow at the sudden question, “At one of Shido’s functions, yes.”
Haru’s eyes widen, “You know, I never actually thought about that.” She smiles, “I’m
guessing the reason you gave me for why you were there was a lie?”
Akechi smirks, “Indeed it was. Shido wanted me there to get some palace keywords out of
some people he wanted to have insurance on.” He scowls, roughly tugging out some
particularly stubborn roots, “I had long since finished by the time I met you in the gardens,
but I wasn’t exactly in a position to leave early.”
Haru laughs behind her hand, “You didn’t seem particularly enthused.”
“No.” Akechi agrees dryly, “But neither did you.”
“No…” She says quietly, shaking her head. “I did enjoy it a little more once we started
talking, though.”
Akechi hums, “Speaking with you was certainly more entertaining than speaking with the
other rich assholes there.”
Haru giggles properly at that, “We did spend quite a bit of time making fun of their gardening
tastes, didn’t we?”

“Truthfully, Haru-san, I know shit about gardening.” Akechi says flatly.
“Well, our opinions seemed to line up either way.” She says with a cheerful smile, clearly
supressing more laughter. She frowns after a moment, “I was thinking about that
conversation recently, which is why I brought it up.”
Akechi hums, nodding slightly for her to continue.
Haru lets out a small sigh, “Sumi-chan once asked me why I started gardening. I told her that
it was some combination of finding it an interesting hobby, and another bullet point in a
string of failed attempts to connect with my father.”
“…But that’s not the whole truth.” Akechi guesses.
“It seems not.” Haru says, lacing her fingers together clumsily through the gardening gloves,
“I never quite considered the reason why I enjoy gardening so much, but I think part of it may
be the control.”
Akechi tilts his head, regarding her with a serious look.
“It makes sense,” He settles on saying, “Given the way that you have been treated in many
aspects of your life.”
Akechi has certainly scrambled for any semblance of control ever since he first got a small
taste of it. It’s an odd dichotomy that he feels- both the need to be meticulous in every aspect
of his existence, and the desire for complete freedom and chaos. He supposes that Haru’s
garden may actually strike that balance, in her life.
He would take a leaf out of her book if he wasn’t so horrible at keeping things alive.
“I’m just a little surprised that I never noticed it for what it was.” Haru admits, moving to
scoop out another plant from the soil, “It’s rather obvious, in hindsight. I think I spent so long
telling myself that I was okay with how things were that I never realised that so much of what
I do is a way to cope.”
“Does that change anything about it for you?” Akechi asks, then snorts, “Do you view
yourself as a tyrant of the school gardens?”
Haru presses her lips together in a small smile, “Something like that.”
Akechi lets out a small noise of acknowledgement, and turns back to the soil.
“…You’re nothing like your father.” He says after a pause, “Which I believe is one of the
highest compliments I can give to people like us.”
Haru freezes, halfway through raising a mess of dirt and roots out of the ground, before she
gives a bright smile that crinkles the corners of her eyes, “Thank you, Goro-kun.”
Akechi shrugs, uncomfortable with how genuine she seems, and looks back down at the
ground.

Haru laughs slightly, “I think that I feel better now that gardening isn’t the only avenue of
control I can have over my life. The Metaverse and helping you feel like things I can do for
myself.” She winces, “Not to say that I want to help you only for my own benefit.”
Akechi shakes his head, the corner of his lips tugging upwards, “Honestly, Haru-san, the fact
that you’re helping me for yourself doesn’t concern me at all. If anything, it makes me feel a
bit better about all of this.”
Haru sighs wearily, but her smile gives her away. “Anyway, I’m glad that I can finally choose
a path for myself. I know that our scheme is to try and have our cake and eat it too, but I
really think that we’ll be able to do it.”
Akechi pauses, “…What will you do if we can’t?”
Haru looks up, “Hm?”
“What do you intend to do if we don’t manage to avert the Phantom Thieves from falling for
Shido’s trap?” He clarifies, giving her a piercing look.
Haru’s expression falters, and she bites her lip, “…I don’t know if that’s my choice to make.”
“Why not?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Your father’s life is at stake.”
“And so is yours.” She points out firmly, “It isn’t fair for me to ask you to sacrifice yourself
in place of my father.”
“You could argue it isn’t fair for me to kill him to save myself, either.” Akechi says blankly,
standing up to toss a plant into the pile.
Haru laughs sadly, “Well, none of it’s fair, is it?”
“No.” Akechi says grimly, “No, it isn’t.”
Haru sighs, and then forces a smile, “Well, that’s why we have to succeed, right?”
“We can only hope.” Akechi says dryly, squatting back down next to the planters.
By the time they finish clearing out all of the planters, leaving only haphazard piles of dirt
and soil strewn about, the sun has nearly entirely gone down.
Haru dusts off her skirt and peels off her gloves as she prepares to leave. Akechi tosses her
the borrowed gloves, and turns towards the exit.
“Oh, Goro-kun,” Haru calls out, and he turns his head, “One last thing.”
“Yes?” He turns to face her fully, raising an eyebrow.
“If we do fail,” She starts, a serious look on her face, “Then you should do what’s best for
you. Don’t let yourself get hurt for my sake.”

Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I wasn’t planning on it.” He runs a hand through his hair,
“Besides- you said it yourself, we’re going to succeed, right?”
She smiles, “Right.”
As Akechi takes his leave, he can feel the Strength grow to rank six.
***
Sumire hides a yawn behind her hand, and rubs at her eyes underneath her glasses. At her
side, Haru doesn’t seem to be faring much better, as she blinks away sleep in her eyes, and
politely clenches her jaw to supress a yawn of her own.
“Why is the plane so early…?” Sumire mumbles, slumping onto one of the -very
uncomfortable- airport chairs.
“I think they want us to arrive during the day, to make things easier.” Haru returns sleepily,
“And you didn’t have to get a flight this early, Sumi-chan- didn’t you have to arrange your
own transportation?”
“Yeah…” Sumire sighs, very much regretting her decision to book the same flight that the
rest of the Shujin students were taking. She could have just taken a flight at a far more
reasonable hour, but she felt it would be nice to travel with Haru. It became significantly less
nice when she had to wake up at four in the morning for it, though.
“Oh…” A quiet gasp interrupts Sumire’s self-pity.
“Niijima-san,” Haru’s eyebrows shoot up, and she gives a small smile, “It’s good to see you
here.”
“Oh, yes,” Makoto returns the smile, if a bit awkwardly, “I didn’t realise that you were going
on this trip as well, Haru-san. I was just surprised to see you- and you as well, Sumire-chan,”
She narrows her eyes, “Actually, aren’t you a first year?”
Sumire blinks, and flushes, “Um, yes, but I’m going to Hawaii for a gymnastics training
camp.”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “That’s quite the coincidence that it lines up with the location and the
timing for the second-year trip.”
Sumire feels like she’s being interrogated, for some reason. “I apologise…?”
Makoto jumps, “Oh, I didn’t mean to-” She sighs, “That was kind of pushy, huh?”
Haru giggles behind her hand, “A little. But it does seem like you, Niijima-san.”
Makoto’s lips press together in a near-pout, “I can’t tell if that’s a compliment or not. Oh, and
you can call me Makoto, if you’d like. I already call you by your given name, after all.”
Haru nods cheerfully, “Of course, Makoto-san.”

“So, when do we have to start boarding?” Sumire asks, standing up from the chair she was
slumped on to be on level ground with the other two.
“In about forty-five minutes, I believe.” Makoto answers matter-of-factly, then frowns, “It’s a
little worrying that we’re some of the only people here. I would have thought that it would be
a good idea to arrive a little early for something like an international flight.”
“Maybe most of the other students are struggling to wake up this early?” Haru suggests.
“Well, between waking up early and missing the flight altogether…” Sumire counters.
“That’s true,” Makoto nods at Sumire, “If anyone misses the flight, it’s their loss. It’s too late
to be properly refunded for the trip’s expenses- unless something actually happens, and they
can have insurance cover it.”
“Oh thank god I’m not late…” Another loud, bright, voice cuts in. Ann staggers dramatically
over to the group, throwing her arm around Makoto’s shoulder and pouting, “It’s so early, this
sucks.”
Sumire laughs slightly, “We were just talking about that, actually.”
“Oh, really?” Ann straightens up, then sighs, “I wish they picked a better time. Surely there
was a reasonable hour that still would have lined up well with Hawaii’s time zone…”
Haru winces, “I forgot about the time zone difference, actually.” She frowns, and mumbles,
“I hope there isn’t an emergency or anything that happens in the middle of the night in our
time.”
Makoto tilts her head, “Is there anything that you’re worried about, Haru-san?”
Sumire supresses a grimace, and Haru pastes on a reassuring smile, “Not at all, Makoto-san,
nothing out of the ordinary.”
Not for people like them, at least, Sumire thinks- Metaverse issues are becoming constants in
all of their lives, so much so that she’s almost expecting something to go wrong while she
and Haru are out of the country.
…She probably shouldn’t jinx herself like that.
Ann’s head swivels around as she bounces on her toes, “Ugh,” She groans, “Ren and Ryuji
aren’t here yet.” She rolls her eyes, “If they’re late, I’ll kill them.”
“We still have about half an hour until we need to board,” Sumire says placatingly as she
checks the time, hoping to avoid a murder, “Oh, and…”
Speak of the devils and they shall appear. Sumire gives an awkward wave to Ren as he
approaches the group, a shock of blond hair dragging behind him.
“I almost didn’t wake up in time…” Ryuji whines as he joins the circle.

Ann gives him a look, “How did you wake up?”
“My mom hauled my ass outta bed.” He deadpans, rubbing his eyes.
Makoto sighs, “Well, whatever works…”
Sumire tries to ignore the piercing look that Ren is giving her. “What are you doing here,
Yoshizawa?” He asks after a beat.
Ann swivels around, “Oh, yeah!”
“I have a gymnastics training camp,” Sumire explains again, “Since it lines up with your trip,
I thought it would be nice to take the same flight, so…” She gestures vaguely to herself.
Ryuji snorts in commiseration, “Bet you’re regrettin’ that one.”
Sumire’s shoulders slump, “Yep…”
She continues to ignore Ren’s look, and ignores him even harder when his eyes narrow
slightly at her explanation.
She isn’t quite sure what to make of that. She smiles brighter to hide the doubt that starts to
creep over her skin.
Makoto looks around, and purses her lips, “There’s still not nearly as many students here as
there should be.”
“What are you, a teacher?” Ryuji grouses.
“I think she kind of is, for this trip,” Ren cuts in, tugging at his fringe, “The third-years are
teacher proxies, remember?”
“Does that mean you’re here for that too, Haru-san?” Ann asks, leaning on her suitcase.
“Mmhm!” Haru nods.
It looks like a few people are halfway through opening their mouths to say more, before
Ren’s phone buzzes loudly.
Several heads swivel to look at him, and he frowns. He takes out his phone, and his
expression crumples into something distinctly unimpressed.
“I think Futaba bugged my phone.” He offers by way of explanation, and Makoto sighs
wearily.
“That’s…” She starts, then deflates, “I don’t think she’d care about my complaints, actually.”
Ren’s phone buzzes again, “She says you’re right.” He says, clearly trying to supress a grin.
Sumire jumps as yet another voice cuts into their conversation. “Guys!” Mishima jogs up to
the group, “The teachers are saying that we should starts boarding soon, just so you know.”

He jogs off again before anyone gets a chance to respond.
“What?!” Ann whines, “But there’s still like, twenty minutes, right?”
“I suppose they just want us to be early.” Haru sighs, a small frown pulling at her lips, “It’s
certainly better than being late, in this case.”
“Well, I guess that makes sense.” Ann concedes, outrage evaporated.
“Hey, before we go-” Ryuji says hurriedly, “We should take a picture, right?”
“That sounds quite nice, actually,” Makoto nods, smoothing out her skirt.
“I can take it,” Ren volunteers, then frowns and stretches out his arms, “I think I can get us
all in.”
“Ooh, a selfie?” Ann asks cheerfully, wrapping her arms around all three of the other thieves,
“Well, get in, then!” She looks over her shoulder, “You two as well! You’re not getting out of
this.”
Sumire jumps, “Oh! If you’re sure…?”
“Hell yeah, man!” Ryuji gesture excitedly, “Come on!”
Haru laughs, “If you insist!”
Sumire squishes awkwardly between Ryuji and Makoto, while Haru finds room on the edge.
Ren winces slightly as he hyperextends his arm to fit all of them in the shot.
“Say cheese,” He says with a grin, and Sumire smiles brightly as the camera flashes.
Ren pulls his phone back in, and gives the photo an approving nod, turning it around to show
everyone else. As they all take a look, another message pings at the top of the screen.
Taba: you all look like nerds lol
Sumire giggles, “That’s mean, Futaba-senpai.”
Another message pings,
Taba: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“Stop spying on me.” Ren chides to his phone without heat.
“…Man, she can really hear everything, huh?” Ryuji says, eyeing the phone suspiciously.
Sumire pulls out her own phone, “Um, actually, can we take another one quickly? I kind of
want to send a photo to Goro.”
Ren turns to look at her, “I can just send this one to him, if you’d like?”

Sumire blinks, “Oh! That works too.” She smiles in a way she hopes is natural.
Ren turns to his phone, tapping away. After a beat he snorts, and shows Sumire the screen.
Ren: [img attached] hey Yoshizawa said she wanted to send this photo to you
Akechi: Amamiya, it’s 5am.
Sumire giggles behind her hand. She stops, awkwardly, around the same time that Ren does,
and they both look away uncomfortably.
This is definitely starting to get out of hand, she thinks.
Sumire’s aware that she kind of started it, but the fact that Ren is now just as uncomfortable
as she is definitely signals something bad.
Before she can get too in her head, the group starts shuffling off towards the boarding area,
and Sumire quickly jogs to keep up.

Chapter End Notes

I'll never get over the fact that Shujin was like "Uh shit, third-years count as adults,
right? Some of those guys are 18 by this point, yeah?" And decided that sending them to
Hawaii as chaperones was a good idea.
something of a plot chapter...
This is a tragedy. I'm out of quips. I can't even recycle material because it's too obvious.
You'll have to wait until next time to be entertained, I'm afraid.
Also, there was some more fanart for this fic! icedtoastt on tumblr drew the black mask
trio hanging out in Mementos- check it out here!
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 5
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 4
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6

Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 7
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Ren: What's her game here? Surely she must have machinations beyond what I am able
to infer... I can't possibly begin to match her cunning.
Sumire, flying by the seat of her pants: uh

Chapter 30
Chapter Summary

Hawaii, murder, dreams, and the fabric of reality.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren knows he’s being paranoid. At this point, he’s willing to consider that being paranoid
might be a permanent personality trait. It certainly wasn’t always this way- Ren would have
actually considered himself fairly trusting, up until somewhat recently. Giving someone the
benefit of the doubt was something of a personal skill.
But Sumire Yoshizawa is stressing him the hell out.
He can’t help but see everything she does as some underhanded way to ingratiate herself with
the thieves- even when Ren has next to no proof that she even has an inkling as to who they
are.
Gymnastics training camp? Perfectly reasonable -she is an athlete- and yet the timing strikes
Ren as horribly suspicious. It almost feels like she followed the thieves to Hawaii, and Ren
knows he’s taking this feeling a bit far, but the swirl of maybes and what-ifs just will not stop
eating at his brain, and it’s making it kind of difficult to actually enjoy the trip.
“Hey man, you good?” Ryuji taps him on the shoulder, and Ren pastes on a smile and waves
him off.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” He lies, “I guess I just have resting bitch face.”
Ryuji snorts, and then shrugs, not looking entirely convinced, “Whatever you say, dude.”
Ren tilts his head innocently, then gestures to the beach, “Having fun?”
Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, “Yeah. I mean, have you seen these beaches?” He points out
at the disturbingly crystal-clear waters, “But, I dunno, it feels like we kinda already did all
the beach stuff the other day.”
“I get that.” Ren nods, leaning back on his hands.
Ryuji flops down in the space next to him, kicking out his legs, “Aren’t you gettin’ bored,
sitting here?”

Ren gives a so-so motion, “I don’t want to get in the water until I know how long Mishima
takes to shower.”
Ryuji blinks, “What?”
“I mean,” Ren starts, rushing to clarify, “I don’t want to stand around drenched in salt water
if Mishima takes, like, an hour, before I can use the shower.”
“Oh,” Ryuji drawls out, understanding dawning on his face. He shakes his head, “Man I was
confused for a second.”
Ren holds up a hand, “I don’t even want to know what your first thought was.”
“Shut up, dude,” Ryuji grins, shoving Ren on the shoulder. “How is rooming with Mishima,
anyways?”
Ren sighs. He doesn’t mind Mishima’s company. He’s fairly fond of him, actually- but Ren
has his limits for the amount of Phansite talk he can stomach in one setting, which is often
tested each time he hangs out with Mishima, and is certainly not being helped by rooming
with him.
Ren tries to find a slightly more flattering way to voice this, “He…”
“Won’t shut up?” Ryuji finishes, and Ren nods weakly. Ryuji snorts, “Yeah that tracks. Did
you hear he added a poll to the Phansite?”
“No…?” Ren frowns. Mishima probably mentioned it last night, but Ren stopped paying
attention after the first five minutes, so he probably missed it.
Ryuji sighs, rubbing the back of his neck, “I can’t really decide how I feel about it?” He
fishes his phone out of his swimming trunks, “Here, look.”
Ren takes the phone, and frowns at the website. Sure enough, there’s a polling feature,
allowing people to vote for who they wish to have a change of heart. The name ‘Kunikazu
Okumura’ sits in first place.
“I don’t even know who this Okumura guy is,” Ryuji says while Ren scrolls down some
more, “I mean, he sounds kinda familiar? I might’ve seen him on the news or something.”
The name rings a bell to Ren as well, and he huffs when he can’t quite find the thread of
memory. Ren scrolls back up the page, preparing to hand the phone back to Ryuji, but freezes
when he sees another name in the rankings.
“Akechi’s on here.” Ren narrows his eyes, an emotion he can’t quite name bubbling in his
throat.
Ryuji sucks in a breath through his teeth, “Yeah, I saw that too. We’ve been really popular
since ‘Taba took out Medjed, and, uh, I think people’re starting to turn on Akechi.”
Ren presses his lips together, “That’s shitty.” He says, trying to keep his voice flat.

He must do a bad job, because Ryuji shoots him an awkwardly sympathetic look, “Yeah, for
real. I don’t really like the guy, but asking to change his heart just ‘cause he doesn’t agree
with us is kinda effed up.”
Ren hums in agreement, passing the phone back. “It’s not like we have to what the poll says.”
Ren settles on saying after a beat, “I just hope that Akechi isn’t too affected by it.”
Ren isn’t quite sure if Akechi would be affected by something like this. At the very least, he’s
sure that the detective would pretend to be completely disinterested by the whole affair, and
maybe use the example as another point in his favour as to why the Phantom Thieves aren’t
just.
…Ren should probably ask Mishima to remove that poll.
“Anyways,” Ryuji hops back up to his feet, “I’m gonna go get some food. Want some?”
“Yeah, sure.” Ren replies absent mindedly, already sinking back into his thoughts.
***
Akechi knocks lightly on the door to Shido’s office.
“Enter.” A grating voice barks from the other side.
Akechi breathes deeply, rearranging his face into something as emotionless as he can get it,
and smoothly clicks open the door and steps inside.
“I’ve noticed that Okumura has been on the news, as of late.” Akechi starts lightly.
Shido doesn’t look up from whatever paperwork he’s glaring holes into, “Yes. I’ve also
altered the numbers on that poll the Phantom Thieves have on their website.”
‘I’, he says, like he personally has the hacking skills required to enact this plan. Akechi
doesn’t scoff, because that would be a bad idea.
Akechi takes another deep, slow breath, and decides to push his luck.
“I have no doubt that the thieves will fall for this,” Akechi says with a smug smile, “They’ve
shown themselves to be slaves to the will of the masses- public opinion will undoubtedly
push them to target Okumura as planned.”
Conversation is always a game, when you want something. Give a little, and take everything
you can find. Don’t interrogate- such an act is akin to breaking open someone’s ribs and
wrenching out what you need.
No, to win the game, subtlety is required. Misdirection, flattery, slight of hand- dazzle them
with words so they won’t notice the chisel you’ve taken to their skull.
“Get to the point, Akechi.” Shido snaps, finally looking up.

A game that Akechi finds far easier to play when his opponent isn’t an absolute piece of shit
in the most inconvenient ways possible.
“The thieves will take the fall for Okumura’s death, that much is true,” Akechi softens his
smile into something more placating, “But what are your plans for after the fact?”
Subtlety can be forgone when you have a good excuse.
Akechi can guess what Shido wants to do with the Phantom Thieves once they’re backed into
a corner. Murder seems to be his favourite solution to every problem, and Sumire already
confirmed that there was a point where Amamiya had to fake his death in the last timeline.
But as much as Akechi can assume, for all his associates, himself, and the Phantom Thieves
to get out of this mess alive and intact, nothing can be left to chance. He needs specifics,
timings, all of which Shido is so fond of keeping vague when he monologues.
Shido leans forward on his elbows, threading his hands together, “The Phantom Thieves can’t
be left to run amok, even after they’ve taken the fall.” He pierces Akechi with a sharp look,
“Do you believe that they’ll scramble to clear their name?”
“I think they would,” Akechi concedes, “They’re so obsessed with justice, after all. They
wouldn’t stand a smear against their name.”
“Then that’s where you come in.” Shido says, a wide smirk crawling over his face, “You’ll be
heralded as a hero, when public opinion turns on the thieves. If you lend them your aid at
their lowest, then you’ll be in the perfect position to trap them as a double agent.”
Akechi nods slowly, and inclines his head for him to continue.
“Suggest they change someone’s heart.” Shido waves a hand, “I don’t care who, just spin it
so it makes sense- make it seem like it will clear their name. And then, well,” he sneers, “If
their leader is in custody, it will be rather easy for you to come in and finish the job.”
“I see.” Akechi says with a bland smile, “I’ll work hard to meet your expectations.”
It’s getting harder not to gag when he says shit like that, these days.
“Good.” Shido nods, “But for now, keep tabs on their progress through Okumura’s palace.
The moment he gets a calling card, I'll know, and I’ll give you the signal.” Before Akechi can
spew some more platitudes, he tosses a folder forward, “I have another job for you.”
Akechi tilts his head, and picks up the folder, flipping in open.
Hiroshi Kobayakawa. Akechi narrows his eyes. The name seems familiar, but he can’t quite
place…
“He’s the principal at Shujin Academy,” Shido explains blandly, “Apparently he’s been
nothing but a string of failures recently, and it looks like he may go to the police for aid.” He
smirks, “They won’t help him, but it will be good to cut off the loose end before he can cause
any damage. A mental shutdown, if you would.”

Ah. That’s why the name is familiar.
Well, it looks like a few of the various violent daydreams Akechi had when he met the man
himself may actually come to fruition. Fun.
(Unbidden, a thought bubbles to the surface. Akechi idly wonders if Sumire and Haru would
be disgusted by how dispassionately he carries out his job.
No, something suggests, despite Akechi’s myriad attempts to make exactly what he is and
what he does and how he does it very clear, they still insist on standing by his side.
They’re deluded, another whispers- they can say all they wish about Akechi as a person
because they’ve never seen the inside of his head.)
Akechi lets the water rush past his ears, putting a stop to that particular train of thought.
Later.
“When do you want it done by?” Akechi asks.
“Soon.” Shido says simply, “Make it quick, and don’t forget to keep tabs on the thieves in
Okumura’s palace. Dismissed.”
Akechi nods. And turns on his heel to leave.
‘Calm’ is probably the best descriptor Akechi can attribute to how he feels as he leaves the
Diet building, a calm that is quickly shattered as soon as he makes it back to his apartment,
collapsing over the toilet bowl and trying not to heave up his lunch, dispassionate musings
rapidly becoming cacophonous shouts.
He hates how easy it is, to fall back into the same subservient song and dance that he does
with Shido.
The fact he has a new target doesn’t particularly concern him, which eats at him more than
the idea of committing another murder does.
He doesn’t understand why he cares that he doesn’t care now, years down the line. Surely this
sort of thing should have come up earlier, when his hands still shook when he held a gun. He
already knows that there’s something wrong with him, that he’s fucked up beyond repair, so
whyHe can feel the Devil arcana reach rank five, and Akechi forcibly shifts his attention to
anything else.
(Perhaps it’s the swirl of jealousy he feels when he sees Sumire, or Haru, or Amamiya, or any
of the Phantom Thieves, because they have the great gift of morality, as warped and twisted
as it may get, that can stop them all from tumbling down foolish paths. Maybe now that he
knows what he can’t be, he’ll forever compare himself to an unachievable ideal of normalcy
that will stay just a hair out of reach no matter his efforts.

…
Something about that rings false, but Akechi just presses his forehead against the cool
porcelain of the toilet bowl, and tries to drown it all out.)
***
It takes some time for Akechi to get his shit back together, but after about an hour he once
again resembles a functioning person.
A NEW RECORD.
Akechi ignores Loki.
It’s a good thing that he’s managed to get himself together now rather than later, because he
has a call to make.
Akechi slumps down, stretching out over his couch, as comfortable as he can be wearing
slacks and a dress shirt, and punches the ‘call’ button over the contact of his choosing.
There’s a ring, then another,
A short, staticky crackle of the call being picked up.
“Goro-kun?” Haru’s airy voice wafts through the receiver. She sighs, “Oh no, there isn’t an
emergency, is there?”
Akechi snorts, “Not yet. Try not to jinx us.”
There’s a bubbling laugh, “I was worried I already had. I was thinking about how terribly
inconvenient it would be earlier.”
“I see.” Akechi cracks his neck, shuffling further into the couch, “We’re in the clear for now.
I just have some updates that you might want to hear. I assume that Sumire is at practice
around now?”
“Mmhm.” Haru gives a hum of agreement, “I think so. I’m also alone in my room right now,
so I can talk. I was given a single as a third-year.”
“Excellent.” Akechi takes a deep breath, and tries to keep the scowl out of his voice, “I had a
meeting with him about an hour ago, so I have a little more information to share on his
plans.”
“I noticed that my father has started taking some heat on the news.” Haru says grimly.
Akechi nods sharply out of instinct, before remembering Haru can’t see him, “Yes. That
particular branch of the plan has been enacted.” He sighs, “As for everything else, it seems
that there have been no distinctly noticeable changes from what Sumire knows of what
happened last time.”

Though, Akechi doesn’t say, they know so little that such a sentiment hardly means much.
“How far ahead has been planned?” Haru asks.
“To the point where after the thieves send Okumura a calling card, I get a signal to cut the
cord, as it were.” Akechi says dryly, “Then after that, Shido has plans to deal with the
Phantom Thieves in a more permanent matter. In essence, I’m supposed to give them a target
that will supposedly clear their name, double-cross them, and then finish the job while their
leader is in custody.”
There’s a low hum, and a pause. After a beat, Haru speaks again, “So, what I’m hearing is
that this plan relies quite heavily on the thieves being proactive.”
“That would be correct.” Akechi confirms, cocking an eyebrow.
“It seems that stall tactics may be our best bet.” Haru says with a sigh, “If the thieves simply
don’t move to the next stage of the plan, then there doesn’t seem to be much Shido can do.”
“True.” Akechi says breezily, “But that does bring us back to square one of hoping the
thieves don’t take the bait.”
“Yes…” Haru murmurs. She hums shortly, “I know we dismissed this idea earlier, but what if
I joined the thieves? I could just feign ignorance about the colour of my mask, and it’s not
like they have any reason to suspect me.”
Akechi sighs, and mulls over the idea.
On one hand, Haru is definitely the best candidate to dissuade the thieves from targeting her
father, especially so if she can gain their trust as one of their number. And Haru is definitely
correct in saying that the thieves have no reason to distrust her.
Unfortunately, given that she doesn’t have a confirmable alibi, that almost certainly won’t be
enough.
“We can use it as a last resort.” Akechi eventually says, “It would be a rickety plan, but if
things start to get dire, then we can come up with a story for why you have a persona and
hope for the best.”
There’s an agreeing hum, “That makes sense.” There’s a long pause, “I think I should
confess that things are starting to get a bit bad, though.”
Akechi sits up, “What do you mean?”
Haru laughs weakly, “Apparently, my fiancé is asking me to move in with him.”
“Shit.” Akechi hisses, “When?”
“Sometime in October.” Haru says darkly, and Akechi curses again.

“…We still can’t be reckless.” Akechi eventually says slowly, gritting his teeth, “I- fuck, I’ll
figure something out. We need more time.”
“Time that we don’t have…” Haru murmurs softly, sighing with a huff. “I’ll relay all of this
to Sumi-chan when we meet up next. Maybe she’ll have some ideas?”
“Maybe.” Akechi says, pressing his lips together, “I’ll think of something, Haru-san, I
promise you that. I’m too…” He makes a choked coughing sound that he hopes gets his point
across, “Right now to think of anything logically.”
That seems to lighten Haru’s mood, as she giggles lightly, “I understand. I’ll do my best to
come up with something as well.”
“Right.” Akechi nods to himself, and then clicks his tongue, “Actually, before you leave, I
needed to run something by you.”
It feels odd to say it so casually.
“…What is it?” Haru asks, confusion clear in her voice.
“Your school principal isn’t exactly long for this world.” Akechi says blankly, then grimaces,
“I suppose- I mean, I hope you aren’t fond of him in any way?”
“No, not really.” Haru says breezily, and Akechi can’t stop the eyebrow that shoots up his
face. There’s an awkward pause, “I- not that I want him to die or anything!”
“Uh huh.” Akechi intones dryly.
“You don’t get to judge me for my opinions on this,” She says snippily, and Akechi has to
concede she has an excellent point, “It’s just that I’m fairly certain he was aware of
Kamoshida’s abuses, and worked to cover them up, so…”
“Not exactly a paragon of the good in humanity.” Akechi finishes, and wonders if he’s
allowed to feel better about himself with this information.
He’s used myriad justifications for himself about the people he’s killed in the past. The
majority of which stemmed from the basis that most of them are scum of the earth.
He isn’t even sure why he’s ever needed justifications for his actions, when he’d do them
anyway. He isn’t sure if he even thinks any differently about what he does, now and before.
But he thinks, anyway, and reaches no conclusions.
“…I’ll ask Sumi-chan if this happened last time, as well.” Haru’s voice eventually cuts in.
Akechi hums, “That’s a good point, actually. We should be keeping as many tabs as we can
on the differences between the two timelines.”
“I’m also going to start on trying to subtly persuade the Phantom Thieves, now that I have a
reason to discuss my father. Sumi-chan might help me with that.” Haru adds after she gives a

confirming hum.
“Right, you’re all in Hawaii, aren’t you?” Akechi asks absently, tilting his head.
“Pretty much everyone, yes.” Haru says, some cheer coming back into her voice. She lets out
a small huff of breath, “Not to cut this short, but if that’s everything?”
“It is. I suppose I’ll speak with you later, Haru-san.” Akechi says, cracking his back as he sits
up properly.
“See you, Goro-kun,” She says brightly, “And I’ll tell Sumi-chan you said hello!”
Akechi rolls his eyes at Haru’s giggles, and the line disconnects with a click.
***
Ren admits that sleeping in a room with three other people is a bit uncomfortable. That, and
he’s been banished to the couch for failing to truly harness his skills in tycoon.
He just got a shitty hand; he insists to himself.
At least he isn’t stuck on the floor like Ryuji, but the thought provides little comfort when he
still finds himself unable to sleep.
He isn’t sure what it is exactly that’s keeping him awake- it’s not like he’s unfamiliar with a
bit of noise while he sleeps, Morgana’s snores and the Yongen crickets coming to mind. And
yet, he’s faced with an odd, invasive, sense that something is wrong, things are changing,
can’t you feel it?
Ren pushes the thoughts out of his mind, huffs to himself and turns on his side, and finally
lets his eyes slip closed.
Ren still feels like he’s drowning, after the revelations of the night before.
The other said that he’d never forgive Ren for the decision he’s made, but will that truly hold
once-?
Ren cuts that thought short as a wave of nausea overtakes him at the implication he’s allowed
himself to indulge in. Oh, how the tables of treachery have turned- is there nothing to be
done? Were the two of them always doomed to be steadfast and unwavering in something,
anything, that would pit them against each other?
“Hey!” Ann singsongs as she hops up the attic stairs, Ryuji, Yusuke, Makoto, Futaba, and
Haru on her tail.
(Somewhere, Ren narrows his eyes at Haru’s presence. Two sets of consciousness fight for
the right of logic within his brain, and-)
Ann’s face falls as she takes in Ren’s expression, “Ren, what’s wrong?”

Ren unsticks his jaw, and looks up at the faces of his friends, and bites back another wave of
nausea.
Morgana, sitting on the table dragged in the middle of the attic, flicks his tail, “Uhh…” He
looks nervous, “I think something’s come up.”
Ren presses his lips together so hard he thinks they might crack. Haru tilts her head, brow
furrowed in concern, “’Something’?” She asks lightly, “What’s happened, Ren-kun?”
“Did Maruki come to collect the calling card?” Makoto cuts in with a serious expression,
though some worry glints behind her eyes.
“He did.” Ren finally grits out, “But circumstances have changed.”
(Again, in the space between dreams, Ren feels a jolt of surprise at the name. Maruki? Giving
him a calling card? What could he possibly-)
Yusuke narrows his eyes, “In what way?”
Ren chokes on his words again.
Morgana sighs, hopping into Haru’s lap, giving Ren a look, “Let’s just wait for everyone to
get here.”
There are looks shared between the other thieves, but they all acquiesce with a confused, if
tense, nod, and wait.
After a few minutes, Ren hears the bell chime downstairs, some light chatter, and the quiet
thumps of someone making their way up the stairs. Ren doesn’t look away from the hole he’s
glaring into the floor as Sumire crests the stairs to the attic, lightly out of breath.
(Yoshizawa? The other Ren thinks in bewilderment. Two new faces to the thieves,
inexplicably. If they’re both here, then maybe-)
“Hello everyone!” Sumire says brightly, though her smile doesn’t quite reach her eyes as she
seems to feel the oppressive tension that has blanketed the room. “Um, where’s Akechi-san?”
Ren tenses at the name.
(And doesn’t she call Akechi by his given name?)
“He’s, uh, not coming, probably…” Morgana mumbles, ears flattening against his head.
“What?” Sumire gapes, still not moving to sit down, “But, he wants this reality destroyed the
most out of all of us, doesn’t he?”
Ren takes a shuddering breath. Of course Akechi wants this reality destroyed, because he’s a
suicidal asshole“Well, apparently Ren has something to tell us? I think he’s been waiting for you to arrive.”
Makoto interjects, looking between Ren and Sumire with an expectant expression.

“Ah, well,” Sumire stutters, turning to look at Ren, “What is it then, Senpai?”
Ren takes another deep breath.
“We’re taking Maruki’s deal.” He says quietly, but his words echo with finality.
No one speaks for a moment. Then, everyone moves at once.
Ann gasps and covers her mouth. Ryuji stands up so fast his chair falls over.
“You can’t be serious, man- what- what the hell!” Ryuji runs his hands through his hair.
“I agree.” Yusuke says sharply. “You cannot truly be considering this.”
Ren’s lip curls, a wave of anger and frustration and a grief he resolutely ignores crashing
into him, “You all said the final decision was up to me. And I’m making the decision.”
“Joker…” Morgana sighs.
(What deal? Ren thinks, the turbulent storm of emotion calming to make way for some blend
of calculation and contemplation.)
“Ren-kun.” Haru speaks up, voice steely, “I think that you are also forgetting that we only
make decisions unanimously.”
“Right,” Makoto snaps out of her shock. “We all agreed to face Maruki. You can’t just veto
the decision without our input.”
More anger bubbles up to Ren’s throat, and he chokes it back down. How dare they, a part of
him whispers, how dare they question this when they abandoned him to their dreams first?
He hears a soft sigh from Arsène, and Ren shoves him back into the recesses of his mind.
“You didn’t even get a wish!” Futaba blurts, and Ren goes still at that, “We all told you that
we wanted to face the real reality, so why?” She trails off as her voice starts to shake.
Ann puts her hand on Futaba’s back as she stifles her sobs. “I get it if you want to give us all
happy lives, or something. But we all decided that our free will, and the choices we made in
our own reality were more important to us than that! So…” Ann lets out a huff in her
confusion.
Morgana hops up onto the table. “It’s because-” he starts,
“Don’t.” Ren interrupts with a gasp. Shut up, he doesn’t say- don’t tell them“I- I’m sorry, I-” Ren finally scrapes some words together, feeling his eyes burn and his
throat clench, “I know, I know, that you all said,” he bites his lip and gestures vaguely, “that
you wanted to-” He gestures again, stiffly, “but, god, I can’t, I can’t lose-”,
He, under no circumstances, can let Akechi die again. Even if it means being trapped, even if
it means living a saccharine half-life in a pretty cage for the rest of time, Ren is not letting

this happen again.
(In the other place, the confusion and focus Ren felt as he tried to absorb every detail bleeds
away, abruptly, like a limb lopped off.
Again? The part of him that isn’t frozen stock-still with a growing fear and horror asks-)
Ren tries to stifle his sobs, hiding his face in his hands. None of the thieves say anything, and
he chokes some more.
“Are you all right, Sumi-chan?” Haru asks softly, cutting through the haze.
There isn’t a response, and distantly Ren feels like he should be guilty. Then he remembers
what he might lose, and the feeling evaporates.
“Sumi?” Ryuji asks nervously, and again there isn’t a response. Instead, Ren hears the
thudding of feet that stumble back downstairs, and the chime of Leblanc’s bell as the thieves
all call out Sumire’s name in confusion and concern.
There are people talking, Ren’s sure. He can’t quite hear them, and he shoves off the arm
placed tentatively on his shoulder.
His vision bleeds with white snow, andRen wakes up, and the part of him that exists between dreams chuckles wryly. Here we go
again, he thinks, expecting the memories to be snatched away, a fleeting chance to remember
what has been lost, scattered.
Except, even when that particular brand of consciousness fades, Ren remembers the dream in
stunning clarity.
He waits a beat.
Then another.
…
The dream doesn’t fade.
Okay, Ren thinks, okay.
None of this is okay.
Ren, on shaky legs, steps over Ryuji to quietly slip into the bathroom, and closes the door
behind him. He splashes his face with some water, and stares at his sunken eyes in his
reflection.
Okay. Ren thinks again.
With a sense of detached calm, Ren starts to sort through the dream.

First: Yoshizawa, Haru, and Akechi were all present whether in person or by mention.
Second: They all seemed to be included in the category of ‘Phantom Thieves’ by the internal
monologue of whatever version of Ren existed in that scene.
Third: Maruki was mentioned as a possible target, and some form of deal was mentioned- a
deal that Ren apparently accepted.
Fourth:
…
Ren feels some of the calm slip away.
This deal, for which he has no idea of the terms, was accepted for the goal of ensuring that
Goro Akechi doesn’t die.
Ren presses his lips together, and hopes to every god, every star, everything that humanity
reasonably prays to, every goddamn piece of Metaverse bullshit, that these dreams have no
basis in reality.
Is this the answer to the mystery of his visions? The future? An alternate reality? A warning,
if Ren fails in some unidentified task?
None of the Phantom Thieves seemed happy that Ren was taking this deal. And Yoshizawa in
particular seemed especially unhappy, if all she could do in response was leave.
Ren splashes some more water on his face.
Maybe it means nothing, he thinks weakly, and mentally slaps himself for even considering it.
It has been made abundantly clear that these visions and dreams are not to be ignored.
If there’s an extra-dimensional blue prison that whispers portents of ruin and the end of all
things, then it’s perfectly reasonable that strange visions and dreams can foretell the death of
a friend.
‘Perfectly reasonable’, Ren scoffs at his reflection. What the hell?
Some of the hard-edged, inflexible, and borderline destructive determination Ren felt in the
dream seeps back into his skin.
He’s not letting any of that come to pass.
***
In the space between dreams and reality, a god’s ill-fitting skin curls its mouth into a smile.
Tides are turning, and fate becomes ever more obscured, hm? When his chosen trickster
asked about the weave of time, he had become admittedly quite curious.

A factor in the game that even he, the one who set out the board, had overlooked? It seemed
unlikely. His pride alone had dissuaded him from examining the idea further.
But now…
The other trickster seems to be making waves in the weave of reality. Purely by mistake, at
that. He doesn’t know what has spurned this change, but perhaps…?
The god tugs on the thread of the Fool connecting him to his opponent’s pawn. It is by his
own intervention that this trickster has started down the path that the god wishes for him to
follow, and yet he strays anyway.
He formed no such bond with his own trickster. He could see, merely by peering into the
fractured soul of his champion, that he would traverse the path of ruin no matter the sway of
outside forces. He need only watch, and observe as he wins the game without raising a single
finger.
And yet, it seems that has changed.
The god leans back, and ignores the piercing stare of the shattered attendant. He draws a card
out from his stolen deck of tarot, and allows the Magician to fly out and hover in the space in
front of him.
The god may consider his lack of bond with his champion an oversight, especially now that
the Fool has been attributed to another source. He lacks the connection to examine the
Magician’s sway further.
The other trickster lacks a bond with this entity, as well. A shame.
The god slides the Magician back into the deck, and smiles wider at the small chime he feels
when he reaches too far.
A slim, likely accidental, but entirely undeniable connection to the Velvet Room.
My, the god thinks, how desperate were the times to necessitate this?

Chapter End Notes

I've been waiting for 2/3 to show up again...
Yay, hawaii! Meanwhile in Japan- some people are caught between a rock and a hard
place. Or, more accurately, an assassin and another, more violent, assassin. Which one is
which is up for debate.
Genuinely, outside of Akechi fully ditching the conspiracy and going into hiding, I don't
know if there is ever a possibility to save Kobayakawa. Because even then, Shido has

other assassins, so... sorry my guy, grave's already been dug.
I keep thinking about how long this fic is going to end up, word-count wise. It's quite
hard to tell, honestly, because despite my massive word doc (like 15k) that outlines the
whole plot of this thing, I can't get a fully accurate grasp on the density of everything
that happens later on- all I can say for certain is that A LOT happens, and Morgana
would be sobbing with the amount of timeslots that these kids are shoving into one day.
My initial predictions were 400k~, but honestly I think I might end up hitting 500. Time
will tell! I could be completely wrong! Reality might warp and we'll finish at only 100k!
It's honestly not that important, but my brain likes to latch onto the question I guess
So, I made some more art for this fic because I have no control- take a look here!
Also, crypticallylies on tumblr made a big ol' sketch dump of Akechi, which happens to
include some art for this fic! (As well as art for The Crow Cries at Midnight, which you
should read if you're a fan of p4 and Akechi) take a look here!
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Just the one rank up today, and no one is happy about it.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 5
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 7
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Akechi: Conversation is a delicate art that one must study and employ with the utmost
discretion- too much, and you tip your opponent off, too little, and you defeat the
purpose. One must consider all possible angles, andAkechi:
Akechi: On second thought, subtlety is overrated. Anyone have a sledgehammer?

Chapter 31
Chapter Summary

subtrefuge, arguments, and reminiscence.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire sits down on one of the benches littering the beach-side footpath with a slump. She
finally has some free time after several days of intensive gymnastics training, and it’s just
now hitting her how much her body hurts.
Her coach did warn her to take a break, but Sumire has been incredibly neglectful in her
practice as of late, and a meet is coming up in late September. She felt that now was as good
a time as any to start making up for lost time.
…She probably should have taken a break. Her muscles feel like jelly.
Sumire thinks back to what Haru told her the other night, when she managed to catch Sumire
before she headed back to her hotel.
She does remember the principal dying, as she had various interactions with the vice
principal as a proxy after it happened. The thing she forgot, was that it was a mental
shutdown that killed him.
Sumire isn’t actually sure she ever knew it was a mental shutdown- she heard a few things,
from a heart attack, to suicide, to an unfortunate road accident- in hindsight, the unclear cause
of death should have been a red flag.
She’s honestly trying not to think about the principal too much. She isn’t exactly the man’s
biggest fan, but, well, murder…
(Sumire finds that she stops feeling bad rather quickly when she remembers it’s a choice
between the principal’s death or putting Goro in danger. That train of thought makes her feel
a bit bad too, though, so she chooses to ignore it entirely.)
The other thing Haru reminded her of is that her father has started making the news, meaning
they can start talking about him in relation to a change of heart without sounding insanely
suspicious.
Sumire picks at the edges of her nails, and frowns. Maybe that’s why Ren is acting cold
towards her? Does he think that she’s acting suspicious? She did almost get caught in
Kaneshiro’s palace that one time, but surely if Ren saw her he’d have already confronted her

about it. That, and none of the thieves seem to hold the same reservations- Surely Ren would
have said something if he was concerned?
"Sumi-chan!" A cheerful voice cuts through Sumire’s spiral of theories, and she looks up and
smiles.
“Hello, Haru-senpai.” Sumire shuffles over slightly to make room for Haru to sit.
Haru smooths out her skirt and shuffles against the back of the bench, “I feel like I’ve hardly
seen you at all. You’ve just been so busy.”
Sumire laughs sheepishly, “Well, I’m finally taking a break now!”
Haru smiles, “That’s good. I wouldn’t want you to burn out.”
Sumire hums in agreement, and they fall into relatively comfortable silence.
After a beat, Haru tilts her head, a lightly perplexed expression on her face, “Is that…?”
Sumire follows Haru’s line of sight, and, sure enough, sees Ren, Ryuji, and Yusuke
wandering around and talking to locals.
“Huh.” Haru mumbles under her breath, “I guess Kitagawa-kun really is here.”
Sumire nods absently, and gives the three boys a wave when they finish up their conversation
with a tall man who seems to be cheerfully entertaining whatever topic the thieves had
brought up.
Ryuji brightens when he sees Sumire and Haru, and jogs over, Yusuke and Ren trailing
behind.
“Hey guys,” He says with a grin.
“Hello, Ryuji-kun,” Haru says politely, “How has the trip been for you so far?”
“Pretty good, pretty good.” Ryuji rubs at his nose, “It doesn’t feel too different from when we
all went to the beach.”
“I guess beaches are pretty universal.” Sumire says, considering.
“Indeed,” Yusuke chimes in, “Though I must say, this particular beach presents a pristine aura
which I believe I would be hard-pressed to discover in Tokyo.”
Haru giggles behind her hand, “Well, it is a resort location. They like to pretty the place up
for the tourists. But,” Haru tilts her head, “Why are you here, Kitagawa-kun?”
“Hm?” Yusuke turns back from where he was framing the ocean view with his hands, “Ah,
yes. Kosei was set to visit Los Angeles this week, however a storm diverted our path, and we
happened to settle in the same location as Shujin.”

Sumire blinks.
Haru also blinks, “Oh…”
Ren coughs, “It is a lot weirder than I originally gave it credit for, now that I think about it.”
Yusuke turns to Ren, “What are you talking about? I though it a perfectly reasonable
sequence of events.”
Ren pats Yusuke on the shoulder, “Sure.”
“Um, anyway,” Sumire starts, trying to keep the amused smile off her face, “What were you
talking about with the locals? Anything interesting?”
“Well, since the Phantom Thieves took down Medjed, we were wonderin’ if even folks
overseas had heard of ‘em.” Ryuji says, leaning in conspiratorially.
Bingo. A perfect segue. Sumire tries not to tense, or seem too eager. At her side, she can feel
Haru shift ever so slightly.
Haru sighs lightly, “Ah, yes… I’ve been hearing more and more about the Phantom Thieves
lately.”
Ren frowns, “You don’t sound too happy about it.”
Haru smiles weakly, “Don’t get me wrong, I’m very grateful for all that the thieves have done
so far. All their targets have been horrible people that needed to be stopped, but…”
“So then what’s the problem?” Ryuji narrows his eyes scratching the back of his neck.
“Have you seen that website that you can submit requests on?” Haru asks innocently, and the
three boys all nod, “Well, lately people have been calling for my father to be a target, and I
can’t help but feel conflicted.”
Ren’s eyes widen, and Ryuji and Yusuke look at each other in alarm. “Your dad?” Ren asks,
leaning forward slightly.
“Yes,” Haru sighs, “I’m not sure if you know this, but my full name is Haru Okumura-”
“Oh, shit!” Ryuji exclaims, “That’s where I’d heard the name!”
Haru laughs slightly, “You might have also heard it in relation to Okumura Foods.”
Yusuke hums, “The company behind Big Bang Burger, correct?”
“Do you not like the public attention?” Ren asks, concerned, looking entirely genuine.
Haru gives a weak shrug, “I just fear the repercussions of what would happen if the Phantom
Thieves are too hasty in all of this. I know it might seem selfish of me, but I wonder if a
change of heart would really be the right course of action.”

The three thieves all share looks of varying worry and confusion, and Sumire fidgets slightly.
“It also seems like a bit much to change someone’s heart just because of public opinion,”
Sumire eventually says, trying to choose her words carefully. “It’s… hm.” She frowns, “A
change of heart is such an extreme thing that…”
“Huh?” Ryuji gives her a bewildered look, “Whaddya mean?”
Haru tilts her head contemplatively, “I wonder… From what I’ve seen and heard from their
targets’ confessions, it seems a bit like… killing who they were, no?”
Yusuke frowns, “Are you of the mind that a change of heart is equivocal to death?”
Haru startles performatively, “Oh! I’m not sure I have such a solid opinion, but I’ve had
discussions with Goro-kun about it in the past, and he brought up some interesting points.”
A small smile twitches onto Ren’s lips, and Sumire can see him quickly hide it by rubbing his
mouth.
“It’s like…” Sumire gestures vaguely, trying to put several concepts at once into words, “If
you take someone’s desires like that, then are they even the same person anymore? If that’s
all they are, then…”
“…That is a rather specific way to consider it.” Yusuke says, and Sumire bites her lip.
“Um, well, it’s on the calling cards, isn’t it?” She says quickly, and both Ryuji and Yusuke
both shrug to concede the point.
Ren still gives her a piercing stare, and Sumire looks away.
“Oh, look,” Ryuji says after a beat, eyes catching on something farther away, “I think Ann n’
Makoto are back.”
“It was lovely speaking to you both.” Yusuke says with a polite bow, and he turns to leave.
“See ya!” Ryuji says brightly with a wave, and jogs off in the same direction.
Ren stays, and tilts his head slightly with an unreadable expression.
“Are you both really not fans of the Phantom Thieves?” He asks blankly, and Sumire can’t
get a read on his angle.
“I don’t have any issue with the people themselves, so much,” Haru laughs, “I’ve never met
them after all. I suppose I just have some questions about their methods.”
Sumire nods vaguely in agreement, deciding it may be best to stay silent.
Ren gives a short hum, “Well,” He rubs the back of his neck, “See you around.”
***

If turning a shadow insane is like a slow or rapid or maybe nothing at all unravelling of
Akechi’s mind, then killing one is a little more like dousing his heart in liquid nitrogen.
A sharp, all-encompassing, hit of something, until the ice takes hold and Akechi can feel
nothing but pleasantly numb.
Even the ‘pleasantly’ might be a stretch. Such is the nature of being numb, after all- it’s hard
to tell if a limb hurts when it’s functionally dead, for a time.
There was a point, several years ago, when Akechi’s hand would have shaken as he stares
down the whimpering and defeated shadow, blubbering apologies and begging mercy. At that
time, killing someone and turning them insane were both equally unpleasant.
But now, as the thrill of battle fades, Akechi simply gives the shadow of Hiroshi Kobayakawa
a look laced with dispassionate disdain, and pulls the trigger.
There. Done.
…
Doing it doesn’t feel any different from before.
Akechi sighs, lowering the gun, and holstering it at his side. He doesn’t feel bad, but he
doesn’t feel good, either. He would love if his mind could come up with a slightly stronger
reaction.
Akechi rolls his eyes when neither half of his mind decides to comment.
He turns on his heel, pulling back the curtain of distortion. As soon as he steps through the
other side, the portal vanishes like a whirlpool, leaving a flat wall in its wake.
His bonds do not shiver, do not cut at his insides for the deed he has just done. They simply
sit, and make no indication of their opinion.
Huh. He’d assumed that the metaphysical representation of his connections with others
would be a little more morally aggrandising.
Akechi tilts his head, and leans against the newly formed wall, worrying his lips together.
In a bout of curiosity, he pulls on the Star.
After a beat, José’s car comes careening around the corner into the dead end, and screeches to
a halt far closer to Akechi than he would have preferred.
“Hey, mister!” José says cheerfully, bouncing out from the driver’s seat of the car to waddle
over and stand in front of Akechi, “It’s been a bit, huh?”
“It hasn’t been that long.” Akechi says, raising an eyebrow, “Though I’m never sure how
time passes in the Metaverse. It seems to vary.”

“Well, it passes when you’re here!” José answers brightly, and Akechi resists the urge to roll
his eyes. Some relativity bullshit, of course. “Or when any other human is around.”
Akechi shrugs, “Well, it hardly matters. I’m here now, right?”
José laughs, “You sure are, mister. What did you want to talk about?”
Akechi leans back against the wall, and slides to the ground, tucking his legs loosely against
his chest. “You’ve spoken about fate, in the past. How these bonds have the power to change
it, and such.” Akechi begins slowly, “But you’ve never really described to me what fate is.”
There’s a lingering fear in Akechi’s mind, born ever since the concept of fate was discussed.
What if fate is as it’s described in so many religious tales? Immutable, unchangeable, the
great expanse to the lonely speck of dust that is humanity, insignificant against the will of
gods?
No, some thread of logic had protested. If fate was set in stone, then why bother sending
Sumire back in time to alter an event? There has to be something, some factor of uncertainty
that humanity possessed, for whatever it is that caused this to even care. There has to be a
reason for why José, and apparently others like him, are so curious about humanity’s
supposed potential.
The fear remained, of course, swiftly ignored- Akechi despises the idea that his actions are
not his own. It is a fundamental contradiction of his very being, on a far greater level than
any other conflict that uses his soul as a battle ground.
So it is with morbid curiosity that Akechi broaches this question.
“Fate?” José asks, wide eyes blinking as he tilts his head, “Well… there’s a lot to say, I
guess.”
“If there is a way to change it,” Akechi prompts, “Then that implies that there is a way it
should be, yes?”
José frowns, “Well… not exactly?” He flops down onto the ground, sitting cross-legged,
“There isn’t like… a plan, or anything. It’s more like… a lot of things happen, in the past,
and the past informs the present. So, because of the past, some things just want to happen.”
Akechi breathes a sigh of relief. What a roundabout way to say that actions have
consequences.
“But,” José continues, “Sometimes you humans can put that limitless potential to use! So
even if something is ‘doomed’ to happen, a lot of people can come together and change fate!”
He claps his hands together, “Is that what you were asking, mister?”
Akechi nods, “Yes, it was.” He stretches out one leg, and looks at the ceiling of the tunnel,
“What’s the relevance with wildcards and their bonds, then?”
“Oh, well that’s easy!” José laughs, “You wildcards are especially good at changing fate- it’s
why that person is so interested in you! And when you deepen your bonds, you’re…

spreading yourself out? It’s all one big collaboration between you and your bonds to push
events in the direction you want them to go.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “So the more I rank up the arcana, the more I get what I want.”
“Uh, pretty much, mister.” José nods, looking a little perplexed at the wording. Akechi snorts.
“Us wildcards seem to be especially good at a lot of things.” Akechi say dryly after a beat.
“Well, yeah!” José exclaims, “You’re wildcards!”
Like that explains anything.
Akechi sighs, and wonders idly about the Tower.
A bond forged with a cognition. It seems like it would be difficult to have any impact on the
fate of something that isn’t even real. It hardly matters to the cognition if it lives or dies- it
isn’t alive to begin with.
Akechi doesn’t care either, so he wonders why the bond continues to grow.
The Star, almost as if it’s demanding attention, grows to rank six.
José smile brightly, “Hey, look at that! Speaking of.” He jumps up to his feet, “Is that all you
needed from me, mister? I have some flowers I need to collect.”
Akechi gives a nod, and slowly draws himself up from where he’s sitting on the -frankly
disgusting- ground.
José hops back into the driver’s seat of his car, and raises his leg to stomp on the pedal. He
freezes, mid-stomp, “Hey mister, did you want to collect flowers with me?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “What would that entail?”
“Uh, well, mostly leaning out of the car and scooping up as many as you can?” José laughs
sheepishly, “I’m not picky on how you grab them.”
Akechi furrows his brows together with a healthy suspicion, “Sure…?”
“Great!” José bounces up and down, “This’ll be fun!”
It was not, in fact, fun.
Well, Akechi concedes that it may have been fun for José. It was decidedly less fun for
Akechi himself, who has the ill-fortune to be cursed with a human stomach and motion
sickness.
When José finally drifts to a stop against one of the subway platforms, it takes all of Akechi’s
willpower to not spill his rather pitiful lunch onto the tiles. He slowly draws himself back up
to standing and gives José a weak thumbs-up, not trusting himself to speak.

“That was great, mister!” José says with as much cheer as ever, “You were a lot of help- I
hope we can do this again, sometime!”
Akechi will never be doing this ever again. He still doesn’t trust himself to speak, however,
so he gives a vague gesture that José seems to interpret as agreement.
“I’ll see you around, mister!” His voice echoes through the subway tunnels as he peels off
into the darkness.
Akechi slumps against the wall, huffing.
He turns to leave, but pauses when he remembers another pending task. He’s pretty much
ignored the presence of Shiji-Ouki in his soul, the acquired persona’s strength truly pathetic
in comparison to Robin Hood and Loki.
But, he did promise the twins to try and collect a few more personas, no matter their
uselessness.
Akechi kicks off the wall, dropping down onto the train tracks. He cranes his neck to see
what shadows happen to be lumbering about, smirking as he sees one attempting to cower
around a corner.
He unholsters his gun, quickly shooting the shadow right in its mask, its hulking form
exploding with a shriek. It reforms, leaving a dog-headed shadow sitting cross-legged,
holding a scale in one hand.
The shadow growls, and Akechi rips off his mask.
“Loki!” He snaps, and throws out a heavy curse attack.
The shadow laughs as the curse glances off its skin, and Akechi hisses through his teeth as he
narrowly dodges the retaliating Hamaon that gets shot his way. He narrows his eyes, andAh. Immune to both bless and curse. Damn.
Well, nothing to be done. Akechi rolls his eyes and tries his luck with a Laevateinn,
slamming down onto the shadow while it’s laughing.
The shadow screams out as the flaming sword slices into the hand holding the scale, the
balance twisting, causing the shadow to go tumbling to the ground in a heap. Akechi grins,
knife-sharp, andFinds that it’s rather difficult to surround something with only one person.
Oh.
…Seriously?
Akechi scoffs to the empty air, shooting at the shadow several times in quick succession. It
evaporates into smoke with a pitiful whimper, and Akechi turns on his heel to leave.

What a waste of time.
When Akechi finally reaches the top floor of Mementos, he approaches the Velvet Room
door with a scowl. Caroline’s head snaps up as he approaches, and she levels him with a
glare.
“Been busy, defendant?” She says snappily, leaning on her baton. She narrows her visible
eye, “You don’t even have another persona for us to look at!”
“A negative result is still a result,” Akechi says breezily, folding his arms.
Caroline stomps her foot, “What the hell is that supposed to mean?!” She scoffs, and kicks
open the blue courtroom door, “Hey! Justine!”
Justine emerges from the Velvet Room, wearing an unimpressed expression as she looks
Akechi up and down. “Defendant,” She starts, “You have yet to collect another persona.
Surely the task is not too difficult?”
“Yeah, yeah.” Akechi flips up his visor to pinch the bridge of his nose, “It isn’t difficult,” A
lie, perhaps, but hardly one that matters, “But it seems that I can only collect personas if
there’s enough people to surround the shadow.”
The twins’ eyes widen, as they both seem to come to the same conclusion that Akechi has
come to.
The main benefit of being a wildcard, as far as Akechi can tell, is the useful skill of being
able to hold more than one persona. The Velvet Room exists to further this ability,
supposedly, and is certainly filling that role for Amamiya.
The catch of wildcard abilities seems to be that ‘bonds are power’ isn’t just a cute metaphor.
The only way for Akechi to continue collecting personas is if he enlists Haru and Sumire to
lend him a hand in cornering shadows.
So, Igor’s insistence that Akechi ignore the arcana seems to have a far more precise purpose
than either he or the twins originally considered.
“I don’t understand why our master…” Caroline frowns, trailing off.
Justine pulls her clipboard close to her chest, “It seems we have done you a disservice,
defendant.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Justine sighs, “For reasons that I cannot comprehend, our master clearly seeks to supress your
wildcard abilities.”
Caroline furrows her brow, “I don’t know why we never…” She huffs, “Well, whatever.
Maybe there’s a reason you shouldn’t get too strong.”
“If there is, I’ve been left unaware.” Akechi says dryly.

“And if the defendant shouldn’t gain so much power, then what of the inmate?” Justine points
out, turning to her sister, “The defendant has proven that he and the inmate have the same
power in every way.”
Caroline groans, “Then what the hell?!” She crosses her arms in a huff, “Why would our
master do that?”
“Are you sure he’s entirely benevolent?” Akechi asks lightly.
“W-well…” Justine stutters, turning her gaze at the ground, suddenly looking much more
child-like than she’s ever seemed despite her appearance.
Caroline isn’t fairing much better, pressing her lips together, her eye occasionally flicking to
the Velvet Room door with an air of nervous confusion.
Akechi sighs. Perhaps now is not the time to push, then.
“Defendant.” Caroline eventually says, drawing herself back together, “We don’t know
what’s going on, but…” an internal debate quickly crosses her face, and she sighs huffily, “I
guess we should encourage you to keep trying to collect personas.”
“As our master has not given his reasoning for this situation, then we are not so much
disobeying him, as we are simply not asking for further clarification on his instruction.”
Justine says flatly.
Akechi thinks that reasoning is held together with rotting wood and tissue paper, but, hey,
whatever they need to convince themselves.
“I’ll have a new persona for you to inspect next we meet, then.” Akechi nods sharply, turning
on his heel to leave Mementos entirely.
The twins both nod in agreement, and the Temperence reaches rank three.
***
As soon as Ren and the other thieves get back from Hawaii, Futaba gives him a sharp look
and demands he call a meeting.
Ren, who is honestly still reeling from his dream the other night, makes no attempt to protest,
knowing that she’s probably managed to get something out of the information that Makoto
stole from her sister’s laptop.
(“Borrowed!” Makoto had insisted, to dubious looks.)
Morgana keeps giving him the side eye. Ren shifts uncomfortably, but otherwise deflects any
further prying attempts from the cat.
“Alright, we all here?” Ryuji asks, looking around the attic and leaning back on his chair.
“Yup!” Futaba singsongs from her perch at the head of the table.

Makoto sighs, “I hate to bring down the mood before we even begin, but there’s something
my sister told me when I got home.”
Ren tenses, concerned, “That being…?”
Makoto opens her mouth, voice getting caught before she swallows and tries again, “The
principal of Shujin… passed away, the other day. Um, suicide, apparently.”
There’s a round of gasps.
“W-what happened?” Ann asks, voice small and eyes wide.
“I don’t know,” Makoto says waving her hands, “All I know is what sis said, and she… didn’t
have a lot to say.”
Ryuji bounces his leg nervously, “Did she say anythin’ about why…?”
Makoto shrugs weakly, “No.”
“I think I might have something.” Futaba pipes up, “There was a tabloid article recently about
how Shujin was covering up all that stuff with Kamoshida.”
“That’s it?” Yusuke asks, incredulous, “Someone called him out for his failings, and then…”
“Guys.” Ren cuts in, “Let’s not speculate about this, okay?”
“Right.” Ann mumbles, “It’s kinda…” She trails off, and the room descends into an
uncomfortable silence.
“Um,” Futaba speaks up eventually, “Should we start the meeting…?”
Ren sighs, “Yeah.”
Makoto nods firmly, “Then let’s begin. Futaba, have you made any progress on analysing the
information that I got from sis’s laptop?”
Futaba makes a choking noise, and taps rapidly on her keyboard, “Boy, have I.” She drawls,
“By the looks of it, your sis thinks that ‘Kunikazu Okumura’ is lookin’ mighty suspicious.”
The thieves’ eyes all narrow.
“…He’s ranked first on the Phansite, right?” Ann asks tentatively.
“That, and he is Haru’s father.” Yusuke adds, a grim expression on his face.
Makoto blinks, “What? When did you learn that?”
“We spoke with her a bit when you and Ann went to buy sunscreen,” Ren explains, twisting
his fringe between his fingers, “She said she was worried about her dad being targeted.”

“Huh.” Futaba says, looking up from her screen, “Well, either way, Ms Niijima here has put
together that an alarming amount of the mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks benefit
Okumura Foods.”
Ren frowns, and leans forward on his elbows.
If Okumura is the mastermind of all this, then Ren’s theory about Yoshizawa gains a little
more credence.
She’s friends with Haru, which would add another coincidence to the pile that Yoshizawa
covets. It’s another connection in a web that keeps tripping alarms in Ren’s head.
There’s also what she said the other day. Ren is sure that Yusuke and Ryuji noticed it too, but
they seemed to brush it off.
She identified changes of heart as ‘removing someone’s desires,’ and she isn’t wrong in
saying that phrasing is occasionally on their calling cards- but to accept it so solidly as fact
makes Ren think she has extra information.
Ren is starting to become more and more sure in his hunch about Yoshizawa.
Ren presses his lips together, and thinks a little more about his dream, rearranging some of
the threads in the veritable conspiracy board in his mind.
Akechi might be in danger: fact. Yoshizawa could be the black mask: a possibility Ren can’t
discount. Yoshizawa, in the dream, was upset that Ren took the deal that would have
supposedly saved Akechi’s life: fact. Akechi and Yoshizawa are currently friends, and Akechi
is one of the lead detectives on the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns case: fact.
A motive, and a clear series of events that (if they’re true) don’t paint the prettiest picture.
Ryuji whistles, and Ren puts his thoughts on pause, “Damn.” He says, “You think if we
looked around in this guy’s palace, we’d get some info on the black mask?”
“Assuming he’s the mastermind, then it’s likely.” Makoto says, a contemplative look on her
face.
“But should we not consider Haru’s feelings in this?” Yusuke asks, folding his arms, “It was
her exact fear that the Phantom Thieves would target her father’s heart without proper
contemplation, and it’s not like we have solid evidence beyond a suspicion.”
Ann bites her lip, “That’s true…” She mumbles, “I mean, can’t we hold off until we get some
more information?”
“I already have the guy’s keywords, so we can go in anytime.” Futaba adds, giving everyone
a quick glance.
Makoto hums, “I’m just worried that we don’t have time to try and find information
elsewhere. I think the only place to get information would be in Okumura’s palace.”

There’s a pause in the conversation as everyone seems to mull over both sides.
Morgana flicks his tail, and hops up onto the table. He gives Ren a piercing look, “What do
you think, Joker?”
“I’m not sure.” Ren lies. What he wants is to storm Okumura’s palace right now and demand
any and all information on the black mask so that he can nip the growing fear of uncertainty
in the bud before it suffocates him.
On the other hand, the thieves have their own points.
It can’t hurt to wait. (can it?)
Morgana, like he can sense the falsehood, raises his hackles. “What is with you?!” He snaps,
“I can tell you’re hiding something!”
“Whoa, what?” Futaba’s head whips up, “Mona, what are you talking about?”
Morgana rounds on Ren, “I can tell you’re suspicious about someone, but you won’t even tell
me! You keep keeping things to yourself for no reason!”
“I’m not-” Ren starts.
Morgana cuts across, not letting Ren defend himself, “I know you want to target Okumura, so
why are you hesitating?”
“Mona, we’re just concerned about Haru, is all.” Ann says, looking nervous. She isn’t alone,
as all the thieves have a varying range of confusion painted across their faces.
“Haru made some excellent points in not bending to the whims of the public so hastily, and
we wish to give those points their due consideration.” Yusuke chimes in, looking the calmest
in the room.
Morgana bristles, “This isn’t about the public!” He hisses, “Oracle has proof that Okumura’s
shady right here!”
Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, pressing his lips together, “I guess that’s true… if we don’t
take up this lead, then when are we gonna get another one?”
“See!” Morgana says triumphantly.
Ryuji narrows his eyes, “Hey, I’m not sayin’ we should just charge in there.”
Ann twirls one of her pigtails around her finger, “All this public attention is kind of scary too,
right? Isn’t that what we’re worried about? And… the principal…”
Makoto grimaces, and nods firmly, “That’s true. Are we sure we want to set a precedent that
we’ll change the hearts the public demands?”
Morgana deflates, looking betrayed, “Not you guys too…”

“I get it Mona, but maybe we should just leave this for later…?” Futaba looks up, curing in
on herself, “If we’re not all gonna agree today…”
Ren nods “That sounds good. We can all sleep on it-”
Morgana looks up, a furious glint in his eyes, “No! This meeting is going to keep going until
you tell me what you’re hiding.”
Ann exchanges a look with Ryuji, bewildered, “What do you…?”
Morgana cuts her off, “You have weird visions that you told me not to tell anyone about, you
clearly have more to say about the black mask, and you spend so much time with Akechi that
I’d be surprised if he isn’t coming here right now to arrest us or something!”
Ren feels a wave of defensiveness tighten around his throat, “What does Akechi have to do
with this?” He doesn’t mean to snap, but he sees Futaba flinch at his tone.
“He’s the detective investigating us!” Morgana rounds on Ren, “You keep putting the team in
danger!”
Makoto narrows her eyes, turning to level Ren with a sharp look, “How often are you
spending time with him?”
“Is that your business?” Ren grits, clenching his fists on his knees.
Ann waves her hands placatingly, “Hey- uh- clearly this is going nowhere, so-”
“Even you, lady Ann?” Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, “You’re all hesitating for
nothing! What about you, Futaba, don’t you want to find out more about the black mask?”
Futaba shrinks back, “I…”
“Hey,” Ryuji glares at Morgana, “Lay off of her.”
“No, y’know what?” Morgana leaps off of the table and heads towards the attic window, “I
can find this stuff out on my own. See if you trust me then, Joker.”
Ren’s eyes widen, “Wait, Mona, this was never about-”
“See you.” Morgana says derisively, jumping out of the window.
“Wait, Mona!” Futaba’s chair screeches as she rushes to the window.
Yusuke pulls her back, “I would suggest giving him some space.”
“But…” Futaba’s face scrunches.
Ren bites his lip, and closes his eyes.
Shit.

Makoto lets out a frustrated sigh, turning away from the window, “What was Morgana
getting at, Ren?”
Was that really what all this was about? Morgana thinking Ren doesn’t trust him? Of course
Ren trusts him- it’s just that“Ren.” Makoto says again, and Ren’s head snaps up. She sighs, “Morgana thinks you’re
putting the team in danger. Anything to say?”
“Should we really be doing this now?” Ryuji cuts in, slapping his hands over his face and
sliding down his chair.
“Well the problem isn’t going to go away unless we resolve it, yes?” Makoto says snippily,
folding her arms, “And if Ren is doing things like hiding information and spending time with
people that could be dangerous to our cause, then-”
Ren presses his lips together in a sneer, “That’s what you’re focusing on? Me being friends
with Akechi?”
Makoto looks affronted for a beat, before she pulls back her veneer of neutral calm, “I’m not
trying to police who you’re friends with, but-”
“But that’s exactly what you’re doing.” Ren snaps.
“Hey,” Futaba starts, weakly, “Can we just not do this? It doesn’t matter, okay, we should just
be looking for Morgana.”
“It does matter, when we could all get arrested with Ren’s recklessness.” Makoto says icily,
starting to look as heated as Ren feels.
“It’s not like I go around saying ‘hey, Akechi, did you know I’m a Phantom Thief?’. We
barely even talk about thieves stuff at all.” Ren throws his hands up. It’s a small lie, but he’s
not backing down on this one.
“You did invite him to the beach without warnin’ us,” Ryuji adds under his breath.
Ren scoffs, “I just forgot that time, okay? And none of you complained about Haru and
Yoshizawa showing up.”
“I do agree that it seems rather imbalanced to complain about Akechi-san’s presence
exclusively,” Yusuke starts, “Haru-san and Yoshizawa-san both still have the potential to
figure out our identities, no?”
Ren shoots him a grateful look.
Yusuke tilts his head, “That is not to say that caution should not be exercised.”
Ren throws up his hands.

“I think that everyone’s just trying to see both sides to the argument!” Ann cuts in with forced
cheer, directing a very obviously fake smile at Ren.
“Yeah?” Ren stands up, “Well none of you are trying very hard to see my side.” He folds his
arms across his chest tightly, and strides over to the attic stairs.
“Hey, man…” Ryuji starts, and cuts himself off, voice sheepish.
“Ren, where are you going?” Makoto says, exasperated, and Ren absolutely cannot deal with
this right now.
“Out.” He says simply, “I’m taking a walk. I’ll look for Morgana, while I’m at it.”
If anyone protests, Ren doesn’t hear it as he stomps down the stairs two at a time, giving a
vague ‘be back later’ to Sojiro as he practically runs out the door.
***
Sumire frowns up at the rapidly darkening sky. It’s later than she thought it was, coming back
from practice. She had half a mind to go get something to eat or drink, but that doesn’t seem
like such a good idea now.
She almost went to Leblanc, too, before remembering her concern that Ren is suspicious of
her, and deciding that intruding on his home would definitely not help that. She still ended up
in Yongen, though. She huffs, and starts walking back towards the station. Hopefully she
won’t get back home too late.
Sumire yelps as she gets shoulder checked. She whirls around, opening her mouth to say
something.
“Sorry,” the person beats her to the punch, “I wasn’t looking where I was going.”
Sumire closes her mouth. She opens it again, “Amamiya-senpai?”
Ren blinks, recognition dawning on his face. His eyes suddenly narrow sharply,
“Yoshizawa?” He asks dubiously, “What are you doing here?”
Sumire decides honesty is probably the best option, “Um, I was coming back from practice
and thought I might get something to eat at Leblanc, but it was so late by the time I got here I
thought I should just head back home.”
Ren doesn’t seem convinced, “Uh huh.” His shoulders are tense, and even more hunched than
usual.
Sumire presses her lips together, “Um, Amamiya-senpai, is something wrong? If you don’t
mind me asking?” She tacks on.
Ren frowns, “It’s nothing.” He kicks at the ground slightly.

Sumire smiles awkwardly, “Okay…” She tugs on her ponytail, “It doesn’t seem like
nothing.”
Ren sighs, “My cat ran away, and I got into an argument with my friends.” He says flatly.
“Oh no…” Sumire’s eyes widen. Morgana ran away? What on earth happened?
“Uh, what happened?” Sumire asks stiltedly.
Ren shrugs, “Stuff.”
Sumire probably should have seen that one coming.
“…Did you want me to help look for him?” Sumire gives a tentative smile, “If he ran away
just now, he can’t be far, right?”
Ren gives her a sharp look, “…Sure.” He eventually says.
Sumire nods, injecting as much cheer into the action as she can, falling into step with Ren as
he keeps walking.
She spent the first few months of the altered year unbelievably upset with Ren. She definitely
has the right, she thinks- he betrayed her trust, everyone’s trust, basically ended the world,
Normal things, that happen to normal people.
She could barely look at him without remembering the snowy afternoon, and a shaking yet
steely voice declaring that he was taking Maruki’s deal.
The whole thing made her so… uncomfortable- no. That was downplaying it- it made her so
incredibly angry that she wanted nothing more than to cry and scream at Ren, demanding he
explain himself, ask why he was suddenly okay with breaking Sumire into a puppet with her
sister’s name, when he had been so adamant that she needed to face herself.
But, that isn’t possible. Because the Ren next to her isn’t really the Ren that had done that,
and there’s nothing for him to explain.
And now, as Sumire tries her best to set aside her issues with him, to make some progress on
trying to make sure the world doesn’t end- the tables have turned, and Ren looks disturbed to
be in her presence.
It’s not so nice, Sumire thinks wryly, when the shoe is on the other foot.
…The silence is really awkward.
“You had an argument with your friends?” Sumire prompts, “Um… I know it’s good,
sometimes, to get things off your chest, so…” She makes a vague gesture.
Ren gives her some heavy side eye, “We aren’t that close.” He says bluntly.

“Well-” Sumire ignores how that stings, and scrambles for another thread of logic,
“Sometimes that makes it better? I’m a neutral party, so. Yeah.”
Ren makes a face, and shrugs like he’s conceding the point. He still makes no move to speak,
and Sumire threads her hands together.
After they turn another corner, Ren sighs, “I’ve been… admittedly keeping some things from
my friends. Both because I wasn’t sure how to broach the topic and because some of it just
wasn’t their business.”
Sumire tilts her head, frowning, “Is that why they were mad?”
“Partially,” Ren fiddles with the arms of his glasses, “It was a bunch of things, but what they
focused on was the fact that I’m spending so much time with another friend, and they got
mad at me for it.”
Sumire blinks, opening and closing her mouth, “Why on earth would they be mad at you for
spending time with a friend?”
The Phantom Thieves weren’t openly jealous or anything, and to claim control over someone
else’s friendships is…
Actually, the only reason that Sumire could think of isRen sighs, and chuckles bitterly, “Well, my friends seem to think that me spending time with
this person is dangerous, or something, and it’s-” He cuts himself off with a frustrated huff,
glaring at the ground.
Sumire nods slowly. “Um, if you don’t mind my guessing, or prying- were your friends upset
about you spending time with Goro?”
Ren’s head snaps up, his eyes narrowed with suspicion again. “Yeah.” He says blankly,
“How’d you guess?”
Sumire probably should have thought of a different train of logic to use as an excuse before
she said anything.
“It’s not much of a secret that your friends don’t like him much,” Sumire hastens to say,
trying to keep her voice level, “And - Goro has police connections, and you, um, have a
record, so maybe they thought they were trying to protect you?”
Ren’s eyes soften slightly, and he looks like he buys it- in part, at least.
“I-” Ren starts, and sighs, “I know they think they’re looking out for me. But even after I told
them to leave it alone, they still…” He makes a frustrated gesture, “I don’t know. I don’t think
anyone was really thinking straight. We were all getting pretty heated.”
Sumire nods, and gives him a small smile, “I understand that, I think. I used to get into
arguments with my sister, a lot, and I was really hard to reason with because of how upset I
would get.”

Ren’s lips twitch up, “Yeah.” He blinks, “I didn’t know you have a sister.”
“Oh, um.” Sumire tries not to let her face crumple, “Had.”
Ren’s mouth parts to make a small ‘o’, and he looks away awkwardly. “Sorry. That must have
sucked.”
Sumire smiles wryly, “It did.” A small laugh bubbles out from her throat, “And why are you
apologising? You weren’t even there.”
Ren shrugs, “It seemed like the thing to say. Guess I was wrong.” He says with a small smile.
“I appreciate the sentiment, at least.” Sumire laughs, “I’m really bad at knowing what to say
about these kinds of things, too.”
“This dumb argument wouldn’t have happened if I was better at this.” Ren says, more to
himself than Sumire, “I get the feeling that even after we’ve all calmed down, we’re just
going to go in circles again.”
Sumire tilts her head, furrowing her brows, “Well, what was everyone’s point?”
Ren sighs, “My friends don’t like Akechi, I do like him, and they disagree.”
“Ah.” Sumire frowns, “That doesn’t sound like it’s going to get anywhere, no.”
Ren hums in agreement.
“…Is that really all the argument was?” Sumire asks weakly, because that seems like a
nightmare of a problem to solve.
“Well, there’s the other stuff I was hiding, too.” Ren concedes, “Maybe once we talk that out
they’ll calm down about Akechi. Once Morgana comes back, too.”
“Oh, right!” Sumire jumps, “We’re supposed to be looking for him!”
Ren laughs, “It’s fine that we haven’t been doing a great job. He’s a smart cat, so he’s
probably way out of Yongen by this point anyway. ‘Looking for Morgana’ was mostly my
excuse to take a walk.”
“Well, I’ll keep an eye out anyway.” Sumire says, walking on her toes to take a peek into one
of the shaded gaps between buildings.
Ren gives a hum that sounds vaguely amused, and the conversation peters out into far more
comfortable silence.
"It’s been a while since I’ve been this frustrated.” Ren confesses quietly, as they turn another
corner, “I like to think I’m good at staying calm, but I think it all just bubbled over.”
“Emotions have got to go somewhere, I guess.” Sumire says, smiling weakly, “I don’t know
if covering it up does anyone any good.”

“Yeah.” Ren mumbles, “…This isn’t the first time any of my friends have been annoyed at
me for spending time with Akechi, and I kind of just ignored them all the other times, and I
thought they were starting to get over it, but…” He presses his lips together, “He’s…
important to me, I think? It feels weird to say, but,” He shrugs, “I don’t know. He just gets
me.”
Sumire smiles, and thinks about January. Of chess games before meetings, scathing quips,
and joint attacks and of the different smile that Goro would sometimes give Ren, entirely
separate from his mean smirks or maniacal grin.
“I think that you’re important to him too.” Sumire says, with all the gravity she knows the
statement deserves.
Ren blinks at her, surprised. His face breaks out in the most genuine smile that Sumire has
gotten from him in this timeline, “Thanks, Yoshizawa.”
“Not a problem!” Sumire says brightly. She slows her steps as she sees the entrance to the
station.
“Um,” She starts, and takes a bow, “It was nice speaking to you, Amamiya-senpai.”
“Yeah.” Ren says, expression neutral once again, “You as well.”
As Sumire watches Ren turn to leave, she frowns, and feels a traitorous little twinge in her
chest.
Despite everything, despite the hot and sticky mess that is how she feels about all this, she
presses her lips into a thin little line and tries to ignore how it wobbles, and she misses her
friend.

Chapter End Notes

Well, Morgana's gotta get mad about something, right?
It's always an interesting point of gameplay/story congruency that you need at least two
people to perform a hold-up. It kind of allows for a handwave of "if Akechi was a real
wildcard, then why didn't he pick up any personas?" since, well, he had no teammates to
help him out.
The question of Akechi's wildcard leigitimacy is one I think the devs definitely left
ambiguous on purpose. I think that even if Akechi /can/ recruit shadows- by the time of
the third semester, he's specifically not trying to out of spite. He seems to not use Robin
Hood out of spite, too, since we see in the engine room that he CAN swap his personas
without much fanfare and without changing his clothes, since he uses Loki to cast call of
chaos on the Cu Chulainn and Cerberus while still in his prince outfit, and then starts the
first half of the fight immediately after while using only Robin. So I guess Akechi just
wanted to be a dick in the third semester lol. That Samerecarm could've been helpful,

my guy.
(Or, perhaps, Akechi doesn't have a lot of experience switching personas mid fight- not
because it's difficult, but because there's simply no strategic precedent when Loki is so
clearly the stronger choice. (It's kinda funnier if he's just being a dick about it though))
Sooo- iivynessa on tumblr made another short comic for this fic! Detailing the Akechi
and Haru conversation of last chapter, this time. It's deeply funny I absolutely love it
haha; Check it out here!
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Still no Faith, huh?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 7
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 3
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 7
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Ren: God everything Yoshizawa does is suspicious. Look at her- having friends? Being
friends with MY friends? I saw the colour red in one of my dreams once. Yoshizawa has
red hair.
Sumire, offhandedly: I like curry
Ren: I bet she eats curry after she murders people. I bet she stole Futaba's mom's curry.

Chapter 32
Chapter Summary

Quick decisions, plans, and lies.

Chapter Notes

CW: suicidal ideation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Morgana stalks up to the Okumura Foods HQ like a man on a mission.
And he is on a mission, thankyouverymuch. He’s sick and tired of being brushed off by Joker
and everyone else- Morgana was the one to tell them all about how the Metaverse works, so
why does Ren keep hiding stuff? Surely Morgana is the best person to tell, if Ren’s worried
about something.
But, no. Clearly, Ren doesn’t trust Morgana with this stuff. Well, joke’s on him, Morgana’s
about to crack this case wide open.
He trots up into the gardens surrounding the Okumura Foods building, avoiding the lights
from the foyer and streetlamps. Morgana assumes that these business types wouldn’t
appreciate a cat wandering near their fancy building.
…Not that he’s a cat.
Now, he just needs to get into the palace. Kunikazu Okumura, Okumura Foods HQ, and
Space Station were the keywords that he and Oracle sussed out. But, Morgana doesn’t have a
phone- how was it that he entered palaces before?
Oh. Right.
Morgana closes his eyes. He takes the deepest breath he can, and holds it.
He slips back, down and down, and lets the world shiftAnd finds himself standing on two legs, looking out on an impressive view of space.
Morgana grins. Still got it!

He speeds into the first room of the palace, nearly tripping over himself as he bounds over to
the elevator. He hops up, and thwacks the lever with a flourish, humming a tune he’s heard
from one of Futaba’s games as he waits for the elevator to descend.
He’ll show them.
***
Akechi sighs as he kicks in yet another robot shadow’s face, not even giving it the chance to
change forms as it crumples in a bubbling, pathetic heap.
He’s almost certain the thieves won’t have started any infiltration into Okumura’s palace only
a day after they’ve returned from Hawaii, but it’s better to be safe than sorry. On the off
chance the thieves do fall for Shido’s trap, then it’ll be good to know so that Akechi, Haru,
and Sumire can start implementing the backup plans they don’t have.
Akechi bites his lip, and thinks about the precarious situation they’ve found themselves in.
Haru’s in active danger now that her fiancé is getting pushy, but they can’t change Okumura’s
heart without dooming him in the process. The best thing Akechi can think of is: deal with
Shido as soon as possible, and then follow it up with Okumura- but that’s two palaces in less
than two months with only three people.
That, and Akechi still doesn’t know what he wants to do with Shido.
Akechi growls at nothing, spinning in a roundhouse kick to vivisect another shadow with the
sharp edge of his boot.
Damnit.
“Zorro!” A boyish voice shouts from another room.
Akechi goes very still.
Fuck.
Akechi presses himself against the wall. He’s still in the first part of the palace, before the
biometric authentication lock. There are ways to get around it without actually being
permitted (Threatening Okumura’s shadow to the empty air being a particularly effective one.
Brute force, another.) but it should still slow the thieves down for a bit.
Shit, they didn’t need a personal reason at all. Of course- those self-righteous little shits
would absolutely come trapsing in here just because the public so demands. Oh, what heroeswhat absolute assholesAkechi stops his mental tirade as he stops just short of the corner, leaning his head out just
enough to get a good view of the room.
Oh.
…Why is just the cat here?

“Z-Zorro!” Morgana calls out again, breathless. He’s sporting a nervous grimace, as he’s
surrounded by five looming shadows, clearly above what he can handle.
“Damnit…” The cat grits, “I-I really messed up…”
Indeed.
Akechi tilts his head curiously as Morgana tanks yet another blow. There’s an opportunity
here. A risky one, should he be unable to pull it off- but he’d get an in with the thieves, and
an alibi while he’s at it.
He’ll just have to sell it.
Well, theatrics have always been something he’s taken to quite well.
Akechi closes his eyes, and lets something shiftAnd the attire more closely associated with Robin Hood melts over his body, black and blue
stripes and belts giving way to crisp white and crimson red laced in gold.
He doesn’t need to change outfits to change personas. He usually sticks to Loki’s attire for
comfort and convenience, if anything- but ever since Sumire pointed out that the thieves were
on the lookout for a black mask in particular, a few ideas had begun swirling in his head.
Akechi waits for a beat, and Morgana yowls out in pain, collapsing to the ground. Still aliveand just conscious enough for Akechi to do this.
He strides out as the cat’s focus is still on the ground. He rips off his mask with a yell of pain
he remembers from his own awakening and“Robin Hood!” Akechi screams, dousing the battlefield in light, shredding the shadows
instantly.
Perfect.
Akechi slumps to his knees, making sure he’s in full view of Morgana. He brings a hand to
his mouth and widens his eyes.
Morgana blinks blearily, still somewhat out of it. “H-huh?” He mumbles, hauling himself
back to standing.
“W-what…?” Akechi croaks, “What the hell is happening?” He looks around, breaths
shallow and eyes wide.
“Wait, Akechi?!” Morgana shrieks, suddenly looking wide awake, “Wha- How did you get
here?!”
Akechi snaps his head to look at the Morgana, “I-” He runs a hand through his hair, “I saw a
cat, in the plaza- I thought it looked like Amamiya’s, so I wanted to check, and then-” He
gestures weakly to the space station around them.

Morgana blinks, “Oh.” He looks sheepish. “Oh no.”
“Can you explain what’s going on?” Akechi asks, leaning forward with an air of hope, “Who
are you? What are you, for that matter?”
Morgana looks frazzled, “Uh, yeah. Just-” He winces, “Actually, one sec- Zorro!”
The barrel-chested persona manifests once more, bathing both of them in a green healing
light.
Akechi, though he wasn’t actually injured, makes sure to look more relaxed after the
Mediarama spell. “Thank you,” He says, looking at the space where the persona just was with
performative wonder, “That was…” He huffs, incredulous, “God, I’m really losing it, aren’t
I?”
“No, wait, don’t worry!” Morgana jumps, “This is all very real! That,” He summons his
persona again, “Is a persona.” He leans forward, grinning and eyes as wide as saucers, “And
you just awakened yours, didn't you?"
Akechi supresses a smirk. Bingo.
“I- yes.” Akechi breathes, “Persona- that word, it’s…” He blinks rapidly, drawing on some of
the confusion he had years ago, when he was suddenly privy to new information courtesy of
the voices in his head. “I saw you, injured on the ground, and then I heard a voice, and…”
Morgana’s grin grows even wider, “That’s it! Wow, who would’ve thought even you had the
potential?”
Akechi tries not to feel insulted at that, and instead laughs breathlessly.
“Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything.” Morgana says, matter of fact, like he wasn’t half dead
on the ground less than a minute ago, “First off, my name is Morgana.”
Akechi widens his eyes, looking the other up and down, “You’re…” Akechi pauses, “Then
the cat I saw was Amamiya’s cat- and you’re him, aren’t you?”
“I’m not a cat!” The cat yells indignantly.
Akechi disagrees, but he’s supposed to be building trust here.
“My apologies, Morgana.” Akechi says, pasting on an apologetic smile to match, “I’m still
rather… frazzled.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Morgana sniffs, then smirks, “You’re doing way better than Ryuji, at
least. He nearly keeled over from an aneurysm when this happened to him.”
Akechi chuckles weakly, “Well, it remains to be seen whether or not I’m in the same boat.”
And oh, shit he needs to react to that, “And did you just say Sakamoto?”

Morgana winces, “Ah, well…” He sighs, “I guess I’ll start from the beginning. So, this is the
Metaverse, a world formed from people’s hearts.”
Oh, good. He’s going right into it. “People’s hearts?” Akechi echoes, then gasps, and frowns,
“Ah. So Amamiya and his friends really are the Phantom Thieves…”
“I- Wait what?!” Morgana shrieks, “You already know?!”
“I’m afraid it’s rather obvious.” Akechi says sympathetically, “I’ve had my suspicions for
quite some time.”
“So Ren did give us away!” Morgana huffs, “I told him that he was putting us at risk!”
“What?” Akechi blinks, genuine surprise catching him off guard, “Amamiya didn’t give you
away.”
“Huh?” Morgana pauses in his rant to the empty air.
“Amamiya didn’t give you away.” Akechi repeats, “It was more of a joint effort, really. None
of you are particularly accomplished actors, and you have to realise that just your group itself
is tragically suspicious.”
“Oh…” Morgana kicks at the ground, looking guilty, for some reason. He freezes, “Wait, if
you already know, then why haven’t you arrested us?”
“It’s not like I have solid evidence, for one,” Akechi starts, wondering how this conversation
turned into an interrogation of him rather than the other way around, “And two: I didn’t want
to.”
“You.” Morgana opens and closes his eyes, like that will change what Akechi just said, “You
didn’t want to.”
“I didn’t want to.” Akechi agrees simply.
It’s not a lie. The best deceptions are laced in truth all the way up to the point where people
will stop looking, after all.
“Wait, then,” Morgana splutters, “Why did you say all that stuff about us on TV? And why
were you always kind of threatening us every time we saw you?”
“I don’t necessarily get to choose what I say on TV,” Akechi begins, thinking of the best way
to spin this, “Though a lot of my opinions are still my own- just because I don’t want to arrest
you, doesn’t mean I agree with you.”
“Then why…?” Morgana tilts his overly large head.
Akechi sighs, and finds he doesn’t have to fake the annoyance he feels in voicing this, “I
appear to have developed a modicum of fondness for Amamiya, and so I’d rather he don’t go
to jail. Most of my comments in the presence of your group were trying to get you all to cut it
out, or stop being so obvious.”

And, partially, because it was funny to see them squirm.
Morgana gives him an appraising look. He opens his mouth to say something, before jumping
at the sounds of more shadows approaching from down the hall.
“We should get out of here.” Morgana says hurriedly, “You must be exhausted, and I’m low
on stamina.”
Akechi hauls himself off his knees, making sure to sway on his feet slightly. “Alright. Which
way?”
“Follow me!” Morgana dashes off in the direction of the palace entrance, and Akechi follows
close behind.
“There should be an app on your phone that looks like a red eye,” Morgana explains as they
reach the foyer, “If you tap on that, we should get back to the real world.”
Akechi taps on the app, not wanting to draw out Morgana’s explanations of things he already
knows any longer than necessary. He makes sure to gasp in surprise as the world shifts back
into the plaza outside Okumura Foods HQ. Morgana dashes into the shadowed garden strip
along the side of the path, and Akechi joins him.
“So, now we’re back in the real world, I can get to explaining things properly.” Morgana
says, flicking his tail.
“You can talk.” Akechi says blankly, “Oh.”
“Surprised?” Morgana asks smugly.
Akechi smiles, “A little, I suppose. It does make sense, though. It would be rather
inconvenient if you had no way to communicate in this world.”
“Huh. Well, when you put it that way.” Morgana gives as much of a shrug as a cat can,
“Anyway, as I was saying about the Metaverse-”
“Wait.” Akechi interrupts, “Shouldn’t this wait until we meet with the rest of your group? I
would assume they would have some words for my inclusion in this.”
Morgana looks away, slumping slightly, “I’m… not part of the Phantom Thieves anymore.”
Oh?
Akechi narrows his eyes, “What do you mean? Did you quit?”
“Why is that your first assumption?!” Morgana yowls, and then looks sheepish, “But. Yeah. I
quit.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow and waits for Morgana to elaborate. When he doesn’t, Akechi
sighs, “…Why?”

“I just,” Morgana huffs, “Had a disagreement. And I’m mad at Ren.”
Akechi raises his other eyebrow, “You’re upset with Amamiya? Are you just going to ignore
him when you go back to Leblanc?”
“I’m not going back to Leblanc.” Morgana says simply, turning up his nose.
Akechi frowns, “Then where are you going to stay? Are you going to ingratiate yourself with
the local street cats?”
“Of course not!” Morgana yelps, sounding disgusted, “I’ll be staying with you, naturally.”
What.
“What.”
“I mean, you are a new persona user that I found,” Morgana continues, ignoring Akechi’s
weak protest, “What kind of mentor would I be if I left all your questions unanswered?”
“One that isn’t intruding on my home.” Akechi says dryly.
“Oh, come on!” Morgana whines, “I don’t take up that much space.”
“What if my apartment doesn’t allow pets?” Akechi folds his arms. His apartment does allow
pets, but Morgana doesn’t need to know that, “And what do you even eat? Do I need a
litterbox, or something?”
“I’m not some common housecat!” Morgana snaps, leveling Akechi with a glare, “I’ll eat
anything. And no, I don’t need a litterbox.” He spits the word like it’s an affront to him
personally, “I can use a toilet.”
Akechi tries and fails to not picture a cat using a toilet.
Akechi sighs deeply and pinches the bridge of his nose, “You aren’t going to let this go, are
you?”
“Nope!” Morgana agrees cheerfully.
Akechi can tell he lost this argument before it began. Damn cat.
He presses his lips together in a facsimile of his normal TV smile, “Well then, Morgana, I
suppose you’ll be following me home this evening.”
***
Akechi spends the rest of the train and walk to his apartment with Morgana blathering in his
ear about Metaverse concepts he already understands. He nods and hums at all the right
times, but otherwise tunes the cat out and focuses his energy on keeping Morgana mostly
hidden as he rides on public transport and walks down the now completely dark streets
surrounding his apartment complex.

Akechi smiles blandly at the receptionist, and spouts some rather useless pleasantries as he
signals for Morgana to run towards the stairwell.
After extracting himself from the conversation, Akechi leads Morgana to his apartment door,
quietly unlocking it and slipping inside.
“Welcome, I suppose.” Akechi waves his hand in an arc.
Morgana turns up his nose, padding into the centre of the living space, “It’s kind of empty in
here.”
“I don’t have a particular penchant for material possessions.” Akechi says dryly, kicking off
his shoes, “And it’s rather rude to criticise someone’s home when you’ve been invited as a
guest.”
“It’s kinda dusty, too.” Morgana says, entirely ignoring Akechi and batting at a small tangle
of spiderweb in a corner, “Are you sure this is where you live?”
“Quite sure.” Akechi can feel his pleasant composure slipping, and it’s from a cat, of all
things.
“You should clean up, or something.” Morgana sniffs, hopping up onto the kitchen counter,
“Even Ren does a better job of keeping the attic clean. And it’s an attic.”
Akechi ignores the sudden urge to polish his apartment to sparkling just to get a one-up on
Amamiya.
“I don’t spend a lot of time here.” Akechi says, truthfully, “It serves its purpose, and not
much more.”
Morgana sighs, “Well, whatever. What’s for dinner!” He flicks his tail in excitement.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and opens his fridge.
“There’s eggs,” That are probably bad by now, “Milk,” Almost certainly past its best-before,
“…An onion?”
Morgana stares at Akechi as he lists off the options, looking horrified.
“Do.” Morgana starts, “Do you have something in the pantry…?”
Akechi turns to open one of the other cupboards, “There’s instant ramen.”
Morgana jumps up, “You have nothing to eat? How do you live?!”
“I eat.” Akechi protests, trying not to sound too petulant, “I just usually eat out. Or in the
office.”
“That doesn’t explain this!” Morgana yowls, and paces on the kitchen benchtop, “Jeez, you
and Ren are hopeless!” He looks far more distraught than Akechi thinks he reasonably

should.
“What do you want to eat, then?” Akechi doesn’t snap, but it’s a near thing.
“Just order some sushi, or something.” Morgana says weakly.
Akechi turns to where Morgana can’t see him and rolls his eyes, taking out his phone. He
orders the cheap stuff, out of spite, and slumps onto the couch, Morgana hopping up to curl
up on the seat next to him.
Akechi turns the TV onto something generic, and distracts himself by scrolling through his
phone.
Morgana sits still for about two minutes before he starts poking at Akechi’s leg.
He looks up from his phone, “What?”
“If you’re not going to do anything, then we should at least talk or something.” Morgana says
huffily, clearly annoyed at being ignored.
“I suppose we should.” Akechi relents, “How long do you intend on staying here?”
“I just got here, and you’re already trying to kick me out?!” Morgana yelps.
Akechi tries not to smirk, “I’m not exactly prepared to have a roommate.”
Morgana rolls his eyes -an impressive feat, for a cat- “You’ll live. I just…” He sighs, “Don’t
want to go back, yet.”
“Yet?” Akechi tilts his head.
Morgana stares at the couch, “I… feel kinda bad, for getting mad at Ren.”
“Then surely all you need to do is apologise, no?” Akechi leans back, “Amamiya doesn’t
seem the type to hold a grudge.”
Morgana groans, “It’s not that simple.” He paws at the fraying edge of one of the throw
pillows, “He clearly doesn’t trust me, so…”
“So the issue is that you’re still upset.” Akechi brings a hand to his chin, and raises an
eyebrow, “Why do you feel bad for getting angry, then?”
“Well…” Morgana starts, “There was a lot of stuff I yelled at him for.” He looks sheepish,
“And I think I’m in the right for some of it, but I also told him off for spending so much time
with you.”
“Oh.” Akechi says blankly.
“Yeah…” Morgana mumbles, “I thought he was putting the team in danger by getting all
buddy-buddy with you. But I guess I was wrong.”

“You couldn’t have known that.” Akechi says with no particular intonation, because
Amamiya is definitely still an idiot.
“Well, yeah, but Ren did,” Morgana sighs, “So I guess I didn’t trust him either.”
Akechi hums lightly.
Morgana flicks his tail, and gives a toothy grin, “But hey, now I think you’re not so bad. You
don’t want to arrest us, and you have a lot more on common with everyone else than I think
they realise. Well. Ren probably realised.”
“Oh?” Akechi furrows his brow, curiosity piqued, “In what way?”
“Well you’re a mess, for one.” Morgana starts, and Akechi feels his eye twitch, “Seriously, I
don’t know how you live like this, there’s like, nothing in here-”
As Akechi tunes out Morgana’s list of backhanded insults, he feels the world crackI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Hermit arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Akechi shouldn’t be too surprised, he supposes.
“-And you’re just as bad as Futaba when it comes to eating right. And since everyone likes
Haru and Yoshizawa, and they like you, then we probably should have given you more of a
chance.”
Akechi hums quietly.
Though this improvised stunt was a way to get an in with the Phantom Thieves, Akechi has
to wonder if what Morgana is saying could really be true. It certainly won’t last, should the
Phantom Thieves discover exactly what he is.
(He’s thought that before, though, about Haru and Sumire, and look where that led him.)
Morgana twists into a loaf, cutting off his rambling. He sighs, “I don’t want to go back just
yet. I need to think about some stuff.” He pokes at Akechi’s leg, “Besides! I still need to
teach you everything I know about the Metaverse. I have a good feeling about your power.”
Akechi stills, and then reaches out to scratch behind Morgana’s ears, “Sure.”
Morgana looks like he’s trying very hard to pretend he isn’t enjoying the pets, and gives
Akechi a slightly disgruntled glare, making no attempt to move.

***
The next morning, Akechi excuses himself from his apartment with the excuse of going for
an early morning bike ride. He tells Morgana that he, of course, cannot come along, unless he
feels like trying to keep up with a bike.
The first thing Akechi does once he gets about a block away from his apartment is duck into
an alley and panic call Haru and Sumire.
They both pick up quickly, despite it being the early morning.
“Goro-kun, what-” Haru starts,
“I can’t tell if I’ve fucked up or not.” Akechi cuts across.
There’s a beat.
“Okayyy…” Sumire drawls out, “Um, …what do you mean?”
“I was staking out Okumura’s palace, just in case, and I ran into the cat.” Akechi explains
stiltedly.
“Wait, Morgana?” Sumire gasps.
“Is something going on?” Haru asks.
“I- yeah.” Sumire regains some composure, “I ran into Amamiya-senpai just yesterday, and
he said that his cat ran away.”
“That checks out.” Akechi runs a hand through his hair, “It lines up with what Morgana said.”
“Morgana told you?” Haru presses, “But wouldn’t that mean…”
Akechi sighs, “I made an… impulsive decision. Basically I manipulated the situation to make
it appear as though I had just awakened my persona after following Morgana into the
Metaverse.”
“Wait, that’s amazing!” Sumire cheers, “If you have an alibi, then they won’t even question
the fact you have a black mask, right?”
“I can do you one better, actually.” Akechi says dryly, “My mask isn’t black, at the moment.”
Another beat.
“What?” Haru breaks the silence.
“I have two outfits that I can swap between at will.” Akechi explains flatly.
“…And you didn’t mention this sooner because…?” Haru says, and Akechi can almost hear
the raised eyebrow.

“I believed that me joining the thieves would be ill-advised, given that I’m actually the
culprit they’re looking for.” Akechi shrugs to himself, “I’d have to lie a lot more than either
of you, which could break down. But, when I saw the opportunity to give myself an alibi,
well.”
“…So that’s what Ren-senpai meant…” Sumire eventually mumbles.
“What?” Akechi frowns.
“Oh, I think you must have used this other outfit at some point last time, too.” Sumire hastens
to explain, “Amamiya-senpai made a comment once.”
“Anyway,” Haru interjects, “This might honestly be the best possible outcome. Even though
you are, as you say, actually the culprit the thieves are on the lookout for, they have no reason
to suspect you now that you’ve made it appear that you’ve just awakened your persona, and
you don’t have the requisite mask colour.”
“That was my train of thought as well,” Akechi leans back against the alley wall, “My
problem is I don’t really have a plan on how I’m going to interact with the thieves once I get
around to it.”
“You mean you haven’t spoken with them yet?” Sumire asks, confusion lacing her voice.
“Correct.” Akechi says, “Morgana is in the midst of an argument with the other thieves, it
seems. Specifically Amamiya. But he’ll get over it- then I can speak with them, I believe.”
“It’s good that we have an inside agent, now.” Haru says, then dissolves into giggles, “Sorry,
it all sounds so intense.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Back to the matter at hand- do we all agree that my goal is to dissuade
the thieves from targeting Okumura with every manipulation trick in the book?”
“I mean, it’s all you can do, right?” Sumire says gravely.
“Actually, about that.” Haru cuts in, “I already told Goro-kun this, but we need to do
something about the situation with my fiancé.”
“Oh, shoot.” Sumire gasps, “Is it bad?”
Haru sighs, “Yes, but I think I may have come up with a solution.”
“Oh?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Do tell.”
Haru giggles again, “I will!” She clears her throat, “Even though we can’t change my father’s
heart, he’s not the only person who’s the problem here. I was thinking, what if we changed my
fiancé’s heart? It wouldn’t dissuade my father from trying to find someone else, but it would
buy more than enough time to sort out all our problems.”
“That’s perfect, isn’t it?” Sumire asks, hopeful.

Akechi raises a hand to his chin, “It could be.” He frowns, “Haru, could you check if he’s just
in Mementos, or if we’d have to clear a palace?”
“Yes- I just speak into the app, right?” There’s some shuffling, and Haru clears her throat,
“Haruto Sugimura.”
‘Candidate Found’ The app chimes from Haru’s end of the line.
Sumire hums lowly, “A whole palace…”
“It will likely be difficult, especially if we’re aiming for a change of heart,” Akechi presses
his lips together, “But, I’ve cleared palaces by myself before, so I don’t doubt the three of us
should be able to push through.”
Haru breathes a sigh of relief, “Thank you, both of you! I’m sorry to ask so much…”
“Not at all!” Sumire insists before Akechi can, “I’m asking you guys to help me take down a
god, so this is pretty tame, considering.”
“That, and I’m asking for aid in dismantling a political conspiracy.” Akechi deadpans, “One
measly palace is hardly asking for too much.”
Haru laughs, “If you say so. Thank you.” She says again.
“We can figure out the keywords and do some preliminary scouting once I’ve dealt with the
thieves.” Akechi says, kicking off the wall, “And, Haru-san, it hopefully won’t come to thisbut I’m willing to offer my apartment as a place to hide if we’re unsuccessful in dodging your
shitty fiancé.”
There’s a pause, “Thank you, Goro-kun,” Haru laughs, “I’ve said that so much just now,
haven’t I?”
Akechi shrugs at nothing, scuffing his feet against the ground, “You don’t have to say it.”
She laughs again, “That just makes me want to say it more, you know.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Well, anyway. I’ve believe that’s all we need to discuss?”
There are simultaneous chimes of agreement from both Haru and Sumire, and they both
disconnect from the call.
(The Fool reaches rank four.)
***
Before Akechi can make it five steps, his phone rings again.
He frowns at the caller ID, and picks up the call.
“Sumire?” He asks with narrowed eyes, “Did you forget something?”

There’s some light shuffling, and a small sigh, “Um, not really. I just wanted to ask you
something.”
“Something you couldn’t have asked in front of Haru-san?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, more
for himself than anyone else.
Sumire laughs, “I guess I could have, but I didn’t want to tag-team you or anything.” She
pauses, “I wanted to ask why we can’t just ask the thieves for help.”
Akechi freezes, “…In what context?”
Sumire huffs, “For Shido, I mean. We’re trying so hard to steer them in the right direction,
but wouldn’t this whole situation be so much easier if we just explained everything?”
“Weren’t you the one so hellbent on avoiding the thieves, when you approached me?” Akechi
asks dryly.
“Well-” She falters, “Yes. I was. I think… I wasn’t ready.”
“There’s someone within the thieves that you take issue with, right?” Akechi adjusts the
phone against his ear, “I assume it’s Amamiya, given how you treat him in comparison to
everyone else.”
Sumire laughs sheepishly, “Was it that obvious?”
“Yes.” Akechi deadpans.
She makes a noise that sounds like an abruptly cut off snort, “Yeah. I’m, uh, not very good at
acting.”
“I’ve noticed.” Akechi smirks, “That aside, you’ve never actually explained your
grievances.”
Sumire doesn’t answer for so long that Akechi thinks the call might have disconnected, “…
It’s… complicated.”
“Such things usually are.” Akechi says flatly, leaning his head back against the wall to look at
the sky.
Sumire hums, “Well, it isn’t super important. It just made it difficult to talk with him. Or look
at him, sometimes. But!” She exclaims, “I’m- well, I’m not over it, but I… I kind of miss
being his friend.” She finishes in a small voice.
Akechi hums. “So you want to rejoin them, then?”
“Only if you and Haru do.” Sumire says immediately, and some of the tension Akechi didn’t
notice was in his body relaxes, “I just wanted to make sure I wasn’t the one holding us back.”
“Not at all.” Akechi says absently.

Sumire pauses, and Akechi can almost see her small frown, “…I’ll take that as an ‘I don’t
want to join them’?”
Akechi purses his lips, “That would be correct.”
“Why?” She asks, sounding genuinely curious rather than accusatory.
Akechi sighs, “Do you really think the Phantom Thieves will be willing to turn a blind eye to
my occupation, Sumire?”
“Uh, they’ve done it before.” Sumire points out, matter of fact, “And Haru and I did.”
“Well, not everyone can be you.” Akechi deadpans, rolling his eyes.
Sumire giggles, “Good thing I am me, then.”
“Nevertheless, you’ve explained that the circumstances surrounding my working with the
thieves were extremely dire.” Akechi continues, “If there isn’t a reality-altering god at play,
what reason would they have to tolerate my presence?”
Sumire pauses, seemingly mulling it over, “I get that you don’t believe me that the thieves
will be more forgiving than you think, so…” She makes a considering hum, “Well, a political
conspiracy is still pretty intense- they definitely won’t like Shido either. And Maruki is still…
here.”
“A point, I suppose.” Akechi shrugs to himself. “Counterpoint. The thieves could just decide
to infiltrate Shido’s palace without me, and I will not have my revenge taken from me a
second time.”
Sumire hums softly. “I see…” Akechi tries not to think about how she sounds disappointed.
“What?” He snaps.
Inexplicably, Sumire laughs at that, and then seems to sober up, “I just…” She huffs, “We
talked about it, briefly, when you explained everything to Haru-senpai and I, but we never
circled back around to it.”
“’It’, being?”
“What exactly it is you want from your revenge.” Sumire pushes, and Akechi bites his lip,
“I… your… your plan kind of sucks, okay?” She blurts.
Akechi scowls, “Excuse you.”
“Your plan is a suicidal mess!” She snaps, “I don’t- Goro, you’re my friend, so please,
don’t-” She cuts herself off.
Akechi doesn’t move. He opens his mouth, closes it.
(In his head, he never considered his goal suicide.

The way he sees it, suicide would be giving up. But it isn’t giving up, if he’s already won,
ergo, not suicidal.
But alas.
Like mother like son, something in his head cackles, and, god, can his mind shut up for
fucking once-)
“I wasn’t planning on it.” Akechi starts slowly, and it’s mostly not a lie, “I still owe help to
you and Haru-san, after all. I’m not one to back out on a deal.”
Sumire doesn’t say anything, and Akechi gets the sneaking suspicion that she might be mad
at him.
“To be honest,” Akechi continues, stiltedly, “I’ve been scrambling to think of a new plan ever
since you implied you weren’t a fan of the old one.”
Sumire laughs wetly, “Good.”
“Yeah.” Akechi mumbles, kicking at the ground.
“…I feel like this might have been a better conversation in person.” Sumire eventually says.
Akechi snorts, “Maybe.”
“So,” Sumire stutters, “Do you know what you want?”
“I don’t have a fucking clue.” Akechi says flatly, and there’s another burst of laughter, “Not
dying is a good goal, I’ve found- easy to focus on. Unfortunately, it’s a rather difficult goal
for someone in my position to achieve.”
“You did it last time!” Sumire points out, “So we just need to… luck our way into doing it
again.”
Akechi frowns, “I hope you intend on living up to your Magician namesake, in that case.
Luck isn’t a fan of me.”
Sumire pauses, and then giggles as she gets the joke, “I’ll try.” There’s some shuffling, “…
So will you think about it, at least? Coming clean with the thieves?”
Akechi sighs, tapping his gloved hand against the wall. “…I’ll think about it.” He eventually
relents.
“I’m glad.” Sumire says quietly, “I really do think they’ll help, if we ask.”
“Maybe.” Akechi murmurs.
(The Magician reaches rank eight, and Akechi smiles.)

“Well, I’ll see you later?” Akechi rolls out his shoulders and kicks off the wall, “I have a cat
to entertain.”
“He likes fatty tuna!” Sumire calls before she hangs up, and Akechi can only stare
bemusedly at his phone before shaking his head, and making his way back to his apartment.

Chapter End Notes

Damn! It feels like only a few chapters ago I was thanking y'all for 400 kudos, and now
there's over 700! Sending another blanket "thank you" to everyone reading,
commenting, bookmarking, and leaving kudos! It makes me very happy to see you all
enjoying this fic ( ´ ∀ `)ノ～ ♡
Aaaand /here's/ the "Morgana gets mad" resolution. It's convenient that Akechi has a
second outfit, huh?
I... don't think I have any art to share, this time. Unless I've completely forgotten
something... certainly not anything I've drawn- but let me know if I've overlooked
something!
Those confidants... Sumi is currently in the lead with rank 8- any guesses as to who will
hit max rank first, from both Ren and Akechi's lists?
I chose the Hermit for Morgana since, well, it fits with the circumstances of how he
meets Akechi in this 'verse, as well as their future interactions- See: Introspection,
lonliness, isolation, wisdom, and other such concepts
In regard to Akechi having a three-way phone call with Haru and Sumi- I'm pretty sure
there are myriad third party messaging apps that allow you to do that, so, uh, yeah?
It is infinitely ironic, that in the timeline where Akechi distinctly /doesn't/ want to kill
Ren, he stumbles into having the perfect alibi where he could easily betray the thieves if
he so chooses- no pancakes, presumably awakened right in front of one of the thieves,
etc. The only thing canon Akechi /really/ had going for him as an alibi was the fact that
his mask wasn't black, but other than that he was really relying on his story being
believable enough- which, due to pancakes, it (un?) fortunately wasn't.
Socials! I'm always happy when people drop by <3
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6

Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 4
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 7
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Morgana: This is amazing! You awakened a persona right in front of me, and with a red
mask at that- you'll surely be a perfect asset to the team to help us solve the mental
shutdowns and psychotic breaks; I mean, you ARE the detective in the caseAkechi, sweating bullets: Haha. Yes. I am all of those conclusions that you are drawing
on your own.

Chapter 33
Chapter Summary

learning the ropes, scouting, and a lack of subtlety.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After school, Akechi comes back to his apartment to find Morgana pacing a hole into the
floor.
“Is there a problem?” Akechi asks lightly.
Morgana’s head snaps up, “Nope.” He plonks down, licking at his fur, “I was just thinking.”
“About?” Akechi moves over to the couch, leaning his attaché case against the wall.
“How I’m going to go about teaching you, of course!” Morgana puffs out his chest with an
air of smugness.
Akechi pauses, “…Have you not already explained the ins and outs of the Metaverse in great
length?”
“Well, yeah.” Morgana hops up on the kitchen bench to meet Akechi at eye level, “But
there’s a difference between theoretical and practical experience. Your persona isn’t gonna
get stronger if you don’t start fighting some shadows.”
“I suppose that’s true.” Akechi begrudges. “But is there a reason you find that so important?”
“Well,” Morgana falters, “All the other persona users that have awakened have all joined the
thieves, so…”
“You intend to rejoin them, then?” Akechi asks, hoping to get a more solid answer, this time.
Morgana pauses, and looks down, “I just need some time,” He says again, and Akechi resists
the urge to roll his eyes.
“I can’t force you.” Akechi concedes with a shrug.
“Anyway!” Morgana jumps back up, “How busy are you, detective? We could go to the
Metaverse right now!”
“…I have a free afternoon.” Akechi admits with a raised eyebrow.

“Perfect.” Morgana gives his best cat grin, “Then we should head out to Shibuya station. We
can access Mementos there.”
Akechi nods, “Right, you mentioned that place.”
“I already have some targets we can practice changing hearts on,” Morgana continues,
hopping down from the bench and trotting towards the door, “So we don’t even have to
scrounge around the Phansite for some worthy requests.” He pauses, “Oh. Wait.”
Akechi frowns at the piercing stare he’s suddenly levelled with, “What’s the problem?”
“In the Metaverse, we all have codenames.” Morgana explains, tilting his head, “We don’t
know the effects that shouting our real names has on cognition, so it’s best not to risk itespecially for someone famous like you.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Any other reasons?”
“They sound cool.” Morgana says simply.
“Right.”
“Anyway, what could you be? I mean, your mask kinda looks like a bird? So, maybe…”
Morgana trails off, narrowing his eyes in contemplation.
How kind of him to notice, Robin preens, clearly pleased at his long-standing nickname for
Akechi being acknowledged in some way.
“A bird of some kind, then?” Akechi raises a hand to his chin, “That could work.”
“I wonder what kinda bird would fit…” Morgana mumbles.
Akechi shrugs, “What are the rest of your codenames? So I can get an idea.”
Morgana brightens, “Oh! Well, Ren is Joker, since he’s our wildcard,” A little on the nose,
Akechi thinks, “Then we also have Skull, Panther, Fox, Queen, and Oracle.”
“And you?”
Morgana chuckles sheepishly, “Uh, well, mine’s kinda an outlier- I’m Mona.”
Akechi hums, and tries to ignore the slight embarrassment of putting so much thought into a
stupid codename.
“How about…” Akechi taps a finger against his chin, “Crow?”
Morgana makes a face, “Crow? But aren’t your clothes all white?”
Well.
“That’s the point, no?” Akechi counters with a pleasant smile, “These names are supposed to
mask our identities, in a way.”

Morgana seems to mull it over, “…Huh. Sounds good! Let’s head to Shibuya then, Crow!”
***
After entering Mementos, Akechi shoves Loki into the recesses of his mind to avoid
revealing that debacle by accident. Robin exudes an aura of triumphant smugness, which
Akechi also ignores.
“Alright!” Morgana trots over to the escalators leading lower into Mementos, “We’ll start off
in the higher floors. I can sense some of the shadows we’re looking for nearby.”
Akechi nods, preparing himself for a boring slog through pixies and jack-o-lanterns.
He’s proved correct, when they encounter their first shadow. Morgana narrows his eyes at the
shadows, and grins, “Hey, these ones are weak to curse!”
Akechi ignores the suggestion, and instead tosses out a Megidola, incinerating the shadows
into a paste against the train tracks.
“Oh.” Morgana blinks.
“I save more energy that way.” Akechi explains stiltedly, “I don’t have a widespread curse
attack.”
Morgana blinks, “Wait, but you have curse?”
Akechi tilts his head, pretending to consider it, “Bless, curse, physical, and almighty.”
“Damn.” Morgana whistles, “You’ve got quite the spread there, Crow. This’ll be way quicker
than I thought!”
Akechi supresses his smirk, and nods sharply, “Shall we hurry it up, then?”
“Right!” Morgana puts his head on a swivel, “I can tell there’s a target on this floor, over…
there!”
He bounds over to the whirlpool of distortion, and jumps into it with a little spin. Akechi
parts the distortion, and follows.
Inside, a shadow paces, muttering to itself.
“This should be quick, since you’re such a natural and this guy’s small fry.” Morgana stage
whispers.
Akechi tilts his head and hums, “What are this one’s crimes?”
“Just some manager who’s a real jerk to his employees.” Morgana shrugs, “Like I said, small
fry.”
Akechi nods, and unsheathes his sabre, stepping forward.

Thinking about it, he should probably downplay his strength a little more. Robin is already
weaker than Loki, but Akechi thinks he might still be stronger than any of the individual
Phantom Thieves. He has no business being that strong, as someone who supposedly
awakened just a day before.
The shadow’s head snaps up, “What are you doing here?” It sneers, “What, a bunch a’
fuckin’ weirdos in masks? Gimme a break.”
“You’ve been abusing your employees!” Morgana calls out, “You can either go back to
yourself willingly, or we can do this the hard way.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and wonders how far the ‘try and reason with shadows’ tactic has
gotten the Phantom Thieves in the past.
“Oh,” The shadow drawls, “So you’re the Phantom Thieves, huh? You’re goin’ down!”
“I get the impression that shadows aren’t particularly receptive to peaceful solutions.” Akechi
points out dryly, shifting into a fighting stance.
At his side, Morgana does the same, and winces, “Well… it’s good to try?”
“Sure.” Akechi hums flatly, “Robin Hood!”
He tosses out another Megidola, feeling a heavy chunk of energy being cut out of him from
the exertion of the spell.
Morgana summons his own persona as the shadow screeches and transforms, bubbling into
the shape of a horse-riding knight. Leaping up, the cat throws out a heavy gust of wind,
making small little slices into the shadow’s body, leaving behind small whisps of smoke.
Ultimately, though, the shadow seems unphased. Morgana squints at the shadow, as Akechi
skids back from a burst of ice that the shadow launches in his direction.
Morgana huffs with a bit of frustration, bounding back to put some more distance between
him and the shadow, “Bless attacks are no good… Oh! But curse is right on the money! Take
it away, Crow!”
Akechi grins, reaching for his mask again before the shadow gets the chance to reorient itself,
“Eiga!”
It shrieks, falling to the floor, and Akechi and Morgana quickly surround it.
“Now, are you ready, Crow?” Morgana laughs with a wide grin, “Follow my lead!”
Before Akechi can ask, Morgana jumps up, and starts slashing wildly at the downed shadow.
Akechi starts forward, a smile slowly curling onto his lips.
Oh. He gets the idea.

The best value Akechi’s found to having teammates so far might be this, he thinks. No holds
barred- no need for strategy when the enemy already can’t fight back, getting every little cut
and slice you can find to shred through the enemy’s vitality until it falls.
Akechi and Morgana both skid back into place, out of breath and grinning manically as the
shadow collapses without much of a fight, back into its humanoid form.
Akechi smirks. He’ll have to remember that move for when he needs to crawl through
Sugimura’s palace with Sumire and Haru. He wishes Sumire told him about this shit earlierit’s quite the thrill.
“Are you done?” Morgana scoffs condescendingly at the crumpled shadow.
“Y-yes!” It whimpers, “I’ll go back to my true self, I promise!”
“And you promise to stop abusing your employees?” Morgana pushes.
The shadow nods furiously, mouth pressed into a wobbly line. It’s even more pathetic than
the shadows Akechi usually encounters.
The shadow looks down, and starts fading in a shine of light, leaving only one little glint
hovering in the air, which Morgana quickly pockets with a triumphant smirk.
…That’s it?
“That’s it?” Akechi asks, incredulously.
“Huh?” Morgana looks up, “Oh, yeah. That was a change of heart! Pretty easy, right?”
That’s it?
Akechi folds his hands neatly behind his back to hide how hard he’s clenching them. Could
he have accidentally stumbled onto the power to change hearts, under different
circumstances? Was he just unlucky? No- Wakaba was a thorough woman, and she never
managed to come up with anything like this. And didn’t Sumire mention a calling card?
“Don’t you need a calling card?” Akechi asks, voice innocent.
“Oh, sure,” Morgana waves a dismissive paw, “But the fact he was requested on the Phansite
already did that for us. That kinda stuff is enough for the guys without palaces.”
“I see.” Akechi hums.
So not the kind of thing someone could just stumble into.
Akechi isn’t quite sure if that’s better or worse.
But it was just so easy-

That’s what those strange mirages of distortion were for? That was the core? How the hell
could he have missed this?
Akechi laughs, a little more bitter than he intends. The leader tilts his head with some
concern, but Akechi ignores him. Of course it was easy for him, of course he gets all the
answers on a silver platter- free from the endless cycle of trial and error and theories and
failure andIts not like this ability would have been useful to Akechi, anyway, so what does it matter?
Or would it? Is there another world, where Akechi had another option? Would he have taken
it?
He clenches his fists, snapping his smile back into place. It doesn’t matter.
-Oh.
Perhaps Akechi had this revelation last time, too.
“Anyway,” Morgana starts, cutting through that, “How are you feeling? All the spells you
have seem kinda draining.”
Akechi pastes on another smile, “I am feeling a little drained, actually,” More from the
unprompted vision than the spells, but same difference, really, “Would it be safe to
continue?”
Morgana hums, considering, “I wouldn’t want to push you, especially since you’re so new.”
He bounds towards the exit of the pocket of distortion, “We’re not in a hurry, so let’s head
back for today. We can come back in tomorrow.”
Akechi nods, and feels the Hermit reach rank two.
***
Ren shuffles uncomfortably at his school desk, Morgana’s absence making itself very
obvious. Kawakami shoots him a look, and Ren sinks a little lower in his chair, not wanting
to sit through a concerned interrogation.
In front of him, Ann doesn’t look particularly comfortable, either. Though that may be
because the thieves haven’t properly spoken since Morgana left two days prior. Or maybe
because of the myriad other things that seem to keep making themselves the Phantom
Thieves’ problem.
Ren knows he should call a meeting. He also really doesn’t want to call a meeting.
He’s seen Makoto almost approach him a few times, before flushing and quickly turning on
her heel. Ren’s fine with that- he isn’t really ready to continue the argument from the other
day, either.

And so, a stalemate. In a time where they absolutely cannot afford a stalemate. Futaba’s
starting to get stressed about where Morgana might be, and Ren’s honestly keeping it together
through the power of his impressive poker face alone.
He misses his cat, and misses him even more when he thinks about how said cat would have
batted at his face for calling him a cat.
Ren lets out a small sigh, and takes out his phone under his desk.
Joker: Meeting after school. Leblanc attic
He shoves his phone back in his pocket, and gives a small grin when Kawakami raises an
unimpressed eyebrow.
***
Ren spins his phone in his hand as he waits for the other thieves to arrive. They all file in, one
by one, Futaba surprisingly coming in last. She has her nose buried in her laptop, frowning at
whatever’s on the screen.
Makoto smooths out her skirt, “I take this meeting is about finding Morgana?”
Oh, good. They’re saving everything else for later. Ren stops spinning his phone abruptly,
“Yep.” He says, leaning forward.
Ryuji leans his chair back precariously, “Where do you guys think he could be?”
“He implied he was going to look for the answers we wished to wait on, correct?” Yusuke
points out, “I would assume he meant he was going to explore Okumura’s palace.”
“Do you think he’s okay?” Ann asks nervously, tugging at her hair, “I mean, we have no idea
how dangerous Okumura’s palace is, and he’s going in alone…”
Ren swallows. He had been trying not to think about that.
If Morgana went into a palace alone and got himself killed, then it would be Ren’s fault, no
doubt- Ren’s the leader, it’s his responsibility to make sure the team doesn’t fall apart, and he
couldn’t do that because he let his emotions get the better of him.
If he can’t save someone because he isn’t fast enough(The thought pings something in Ren’s head. A dream? A vision? One of them, he’s certainWhy was he dreaming about failure?)
“Hey, let’s not get worked up before we know anything, yeah?” Ryuji cuts in, surprisingly
level-headed.
“Right.” Makoto nods firmly, “…It’s pretty early in the day, still- should we look in the
palace for a sign of Morgana?”

“I have the keywords ready,” Futaba reminds them, still frowning at her computer screen,
“Just say the word.”
“Word.” Ren says, and Futaba flicks him. He feels his lips tug upward slightly, “Yeah, we
should check it out. We won’t go too far in.”
Having a goal serves to take some of the stress off of Ren’s mind. It would help a bit more if
the goal wasn’t related to the stress, but Ren supposes he’ll take what he can get.
When they all arrive outside the Okumura Foods HQ, after spending most of the trip in semiawkward silence, Ryuji is the one to take out his phone.
“Aight, so, keywords?” He looks to Futaba.
“Kunikazu Okumura, Okumura Foods HQ, Space Station.” Futaba says matter-of-factly.
And the world warps.
And when it settles, Ren blinks and finds his mask already settled over top of his face. He
stares out at the giant window leading to the wide expanse of space.
“Magnificent.” Yusuke murmurs, framing the sight with his hands.
“Hey, look!” Ann points out excitedly at the view, “You can see earth!”
“Focus, guys.” Futaba cuts in, seeming on edge, “The security’s real high right now.”
Ren shifts, and presses his lips together. He can feel the oppressive weight of a guarded
cognition even from the palace entrance, which certainly doesn’t bode well. He can see the
other thieves start to look around uncomfortably as well, the atmosphere of the place reaching
even them.
“We should get moving.” Ren says, stepping back, “We’ll want to see what’s going on
inside.”
There’s a round of nods of agreement, and they all fall into line.
The palace is impressive in its delusion, to be sure. Ren notes that each palace they find
seems to progressively increase in scope, from Kaneshiro’s bank hovering about all of
Shibuya, to Futaba’s pyramid blanketing the world in desert as far as the eye can see, and
now to Okumura’s space port, removed from earth entirely.
Ren wonders if they’re just unlucky. It makes for one hell of a view, at least.
As they sneak past lines of conveyor belts and futuristic projections and signs, Ren frowns at
the lack of shadows. Futaba keeps muttering to herself up in Necronomicon, sounding
confused.
“The security’s through the roof, so why…?” She mumbles, “No, where are they? They’re
somewhere…”

Ren freezes as he turns a corner.
What looks like an absolute bloodbath sits in the centre of the room, the black ooze that
shadows bleed sitting in haphazard piles, staining the walls from where they were singed
against it. Further into the next corridor, Ren can see large cleaves of something that rends
the walls, with the crumpled cognitions of robots effectively stapled to the hallways,
twitching and sparking.
“Uhhh…” Ann gapes, “…This… wasn’t Mona, was it?”
“Unlikely.” Makoto says weakly.
“Holy shit!” Ryuji yelps as he turns the corner, “No wonder security’s so high!”
Futaba stares, pale-faced, at the scene, “Oh man… I really hope Mona didn’t run into
whoever did this.”
Yusuke hums darkly, “Is it possible that the black mask made a visit to this palace?”
Everyone tenses as they consider the possibility.
Ren files the thought that he told Yoshizawa that Morgana ran away for later.
“They… are the only other persona user we know of.” Makoto sighs, “And we have been
warned about how powerful they are.”
Futaba scowls, tapping at the glowing screens surrounding her, “Okay, so, good news and bad
news. Which d’ya want first?”
“…Good news?” Ann says tentatively.
“Good news: no corpses of the Mona variety to be found.” Futaba says triumphantly, and Ren
winces at the slightly callous wording, “Bad news is that he isn’t here. At all.”
“Probably a good sign.” Ren murmurs.
“More good news, actually,” Futaba says, a slow grin spreading across her face, “It looks like
I can analyse some of the, uh, wreckage here to get a feel for our mystery man’s abilities.”
Ryuji pokes at some of the black goo with a grossed-out expression, “Uh, this shit kinda
reminds me of when Panther goes to town, so d’you think they have fire stuff?”
Ren walks over, and squats down to look at the marks, “…Not quite.” He decides, “It looks
more like bless skills to me.”
Futaba hums the featherman theme song, “…And, correct! Joker wins! That sure is bless.”
Makoto makes her way to the opposing hallway, “What about all of this?” She taps a finger
against one of the gashes, “It almost looks like someone took a sword to it.”

“It would be quite a large sword, if that were the case.” Yusuke frowns, “Certainly larger than
any human could wield. And it looks more... like an arrow.”
“A bow and arrow?" Makoto clarifies, furrowing her brow, "A persona skill, then?"
“On the money, Queen.” Futaba nods, tapping away at her screens, “Looks like some
physical skill, and, hm.” She grimaces and makes a gulping sound, “Annnd almighty! Yikes.”
“Almighty?” Ann gasps, “But… we’ve only seen Joker and other shadows use that so far.”
Ren hums. It doesn’t actually concern him that much- almighty skills are impressive, but not
so unique that it would set off any more alarm bells than usual.
What does interest him is that elemental affinities are, at least in part, responses to the user’s
personality.
So, bless and almighty, huh?
“Do you think questioning some of the shadows could get us anything?” Ren asks, turning to
Futaba.
She shrugs, pushing up her goggles, “Couldn’t hurt to try, right. Your call, Joker.”
Ren nods in affirmation, and turns on his heel, making his coat sway in the movement, “Let’s
go in a bit more, then. Try to find some shadows.” He frowns and looks at the black ooze he
just stepped in, “Living shadows.” He amends.
Ryuji snorts, and falls into step with Ren. The rest of the thieves all follow suit, and they
begin their trek down the monotonous hallways yet again.
It’s a short while before they encounter some shadows.
All cramped and swarming near an imposing door, several robotic shadows screech phrases
and panicked declarations. The gashes and burns of almighty magic reach even to this room,
though fading slightly, Ren clocks as he looks around.
“Everyone hide, we can avoid a fight if we get the jump.” Ren whispers to the thieves, and
they all give a round of determined nods.
Ren ducks behind a pillar, peeking out slightly to take a better look.
“LORD OKUMURA DEMANDS SOLUTIONS.” One shadow shouts.
“FIND THE INTRUDERS, FIND THEM BOTH!” Another calls.
“Both?” Makoto mouths, and Ren frowns.
Well, they’ll get some answers soon enough.
“Now!” Ren yells, and all of the thieves jump, guns out, and surround the shadows.

The shadows shriek, one trying to rush at Yusuke, but he kicks it back with the end of his
gun, giving it an unimpressed glare.
“Don’t move!” Ann shouts authoritatively, summoning Carmen to leer menacingly behind
her.
The shadows freeze, shaking slightly.
Ren strides forward, “We have some questions.”
“WE OWE NO QUESTIONS TO DISSENTORS OF LORD OKUMURA” One of the shadows
declares.
“He said,” Ryuji pointedly aims his gun at the shadow that just spoke, “That we have some
questions.”
The shadows quiet again, and Ren nods, “Good, now that we’re on the same page.” He takes
a deep breath, “Who were the two intruders that you were panicking about?”
“THERE WAS A FELINE CREATURE.” A shadow speaks up.
“Did he leave this place unharmed?” Makoto demands.
“YES.” The shadow confirms with a nod.
Ren lets some of the tension in his chest abate. That’s extra confirmation that Morgana is
okay.
“Alright.” Ren tilts his head, “What about the other one?”
The shadows begin shaking again, and the thieves all exchange looks.
“Did they have a black mask?” Yusuke asks serenely.
“NO.” A shadow says, “HE WAS UNSEEN, FOR A TIME.”
Ren narrows his eyes, “Did you ever see him?”
“YES.” The shadow shivers, “HE HAD A RED MASK.”
The other shadows all shrink back in what seems to be fear, and the thieves all exchange
bewildered looks.
“A red mask?” Ann stage whispers, looking baffled.
Ren frowns deeply. A ‘he’. And a red mask.
So. It definitely wasn’t Yoshizawa that stopped by this palace, then.
“It sounds like we have another unaccounted-for persona user.” Makoto sighs wearily,
looking frustrated, and Ren finds he shares the sentiment.

"Hey, guys,” Futaba pipes up from above, “D’you think that this red mask might’ve
awakened here?”
Yusuke tilts his head, “Why do you say that?”
“Well,” Futaba starts, “All this, uh, carnage is kind of showy, right? Not very practical. And
this is the first time we’ve ever heard of someone with a red mask.”
“So you think that the combination of theatrics and impracticality implies that this person
might be inexperienced?” Makoto muses, “And that we probably would have caught wind of
them if they had been operating for a while?”
Ryuji shrugs, “I guess that makes sense.”
“Yeah,” Ann agrees, “These guys are also super terrified,” She gestures to the crowd of
shadows, “It kinda reminds me of how scared Madarame was of the black mask- so I think at
least one shadow would have spilled if this red mask guy was running around sooner.”
“If we find Morgana, we might find this guy, too.” Ren muses, then turns back to the
shadows, “Hey, did the cat and red mask leave together?”
“YES.” One of them confirms, “THEY CARVED A PATH THROUGH LORD OKUMURA’S
TERRITORY.”
“That’s gotta be a good sign?” Futaba suggests, not sounding particularly confident.
“I suppose we shall see.” Yusuke hums, lowering his gun slightly.
“ARE YOU ALLOWING US TO GO FREE?” One shadow asks, tragically hopeful.
“Oh.” Ren grimaces, almost apologetic, “No.”
The thieves all shrug, lackadaisical, getting the message. The shadows shriek in protest as the
thieves all slice through them, skidding back into their original positions, slightly out of
breath as the shadows dissolve into black smoke.
“That’s all we need, right?” Ryuji asks, tapping his metal pipe against his shoulder, “We good
to go?”
Ren goes to nod, before the imposing door in front of them beeps loudly.
Biometric authentication lock, the scrolling text above the door declares, scanning.
Ren freezes.
A pause.
Denied. The door finally decides, flashing red.
“Huh.” Futaba hums, hopping down from her perch in Necronomicon.

“Wait, does that mean we can’t get any further into the palace, even if we wanted?” Ann asks,
looking concerned.
“Kinda reminds me of the block in Madarame’s palace.” Ren mumbles, tilting his head at the
door.
Futaba lets out a huff, “Ugh. That’s some tight locks. It’d take me a bit to get through it, if I
can at all.”
Ren shakes his head, “Don’t bother for now. We can check it out again after we find Mona.”
Futaba gives a mocking salute, “Will do, leader!”
Ren gives one final look to the destruction littering the palace. Whoever did that could
absolutely be dangerous, he thinks, but, well,
It’s hard not to feel curious.
***
The next day, Ren is ambushed by Futaba when he gets home from school.
“I found something weird.” She says, a serious expression on her face, “I wasn’t sure
yesterday, but some more stuff has piled up.”
Ren blinks, alarm slowly creeping into his nerves, “What are you talking about?”
“Here, look,” She whips out her phone, “Do you recognise these requests?”
Ren takes a hold of the phone shoved in his face, opened to a page on the Phansite. There are
several comments, back-to-back, of people thanking the Phantom Thieves for changing the
hearts of people Ren doesn’t recognise.
Ren frowns, “Huh…”
“We haven’t done these, right?” Futaba says, lips pursed, “I caught one of them yesterday,
but it was just one then- I thought it was just a mistake, or someone lying, but today there’s
more.”
“You think Mona did these?” Ren asks, looking up and passing the phone back.
“Maybe.” Futaba shrugs, “If our guess about the red mask guy is right, then maybe Mona’s
showing him the ropes.”
Ren hums, “Could be.” He tilts his head, “I think we can find Mona by staking out
Mementos, if he’s going around changing hearts there.”
“Especially if he’s doing it daily.” Futaba nods enthusiastically.
“We can start tomorrow.” Ren decides, “I promised Sojiro I’d take care of the store today.”

“Booo!” Futaba heckles, sticking out her tongue, then grins, “I’ll text everyone. You stand
around for five hours.”
“We get customers sometimes!” Ren protests as Futaba runs out of Leblanc, cackling.
Ren sighs, feeling his lips twitch upwards slightly. He takes the apron off the hook, tying it
around his waist. He leans against the counter, looking out over the empty shop.
Well. Futaba wasn’t wrong, Ren supposes.
He picks up a dishcloth to start polishing one of the mugs, jumping when the bell above the
door chimes.
He nearly drops the mug when he sees who enters the shop.
“Oh, Akechi.” Ren says, trying to act as though he didn’t nearly just shatter porcelain on the
floor, “It’s been a bit.”
Akechi tilts his head, a small smile spreading on his face, “Amamiya. It has, hasn’t it?”
“We should meet up more.” Ren says, adjusting his glasses, both to be spiteful and because
he genuinely wants to.
“I get the feeling we’ve expressed this sentiment before.” Akechi hums, taking his usual seat,
“Though I certainly agree.”
Ren smiles sheepishly, “I guess we’re just both busy.”
Akechi hums in agreement, “Certainly. Though, I must admit I have a bit less work in
television lately. My popularity has taken a bit of a dive ever since the thieves took care of
Medjed.”
Ren bites back a wince and an apology, “That sucks.” He says instead, “No one’s been
bothering you, have they?”
“Online, sure, but nothing in person.” Akechi waves a dismissive hand, then smirks, “Are
you offering to be a bodyguard?”
Ren shrugs, a matching smirk crawling onto his own face, “Depends. What’s the pay?”
“My appreciation?” Akechi offers with an innocent smile.
Ren sighs dramatically, resting his chin in his hand, “No dice, detective. I’ll have to find
work somewhere else.”
Akechi lets out a short bark of a laugh, then looks surprised at himself. He recovers quickly,
“Anyway, what have you been up to lately?”
Ren huffs a laugh, “School stuff, I guess.”

“You guess.” Akechi echoes.
Ren gives a small grin, “And work, too.” Of the slightly illegal kind, but Akechi doesn’t need
to know that, “It all kinda adds up, timewise.”
Akechi breathes a laugh, “Don’t I know it.” He says, leaning more of his weight against the
bar top. He tilts his head, “Is that really all? Or is the monotony of it all simply getting to
you?”
Ren furrows his brow, “Huh?” He says, eloquently, then winces, “I mean, what do you
mean?”
“Not much,” Akechi says blandly, “You just seem a bit… morose.”
Ren raises an eyebrow, “Morose?”
“Withdrawn. Stand-offish. Forlorn.” Akechi recites dryly, unimpressed.
“You got a thesaurus in that head of yours?” Ren grins, and grins wider when Akechi gives
him a capital-L Look.
“Sure. Shall I give it to you? You might need it.” Akechi says flatly.
Ren pouts, and Akechi chuckles lightly.
“You’re rather adept at dodging the question.” Akechi points out when he smooths his
expression back to neutral, “But genuinely, how are you?”
Ren swallows, and laughs sheepishly, “Well, I guess some stuff has happened.”
Akechi inclines his head for Ren to continue.
Ren grimaces, and shrugs weakly, “Um, my cat ran away, the other day.”
Akechi’s eyes widen, “I think Sumire mentioned that… she told me to keep an eye out.”
Ren blinks, “She did?”
“Yes. I’m afraid I haven’t seen him, though.” Akechi says, threading his hands together.
Ren nods slowly. He didn’t expect Yoshizawa to spread that around- out of concern, even.
“Oh, that’s okay.” Ren remembers to respond, “I’m sure he’ll come back.”
Akechi hums, “I’m sure as well.” He smiles, “The two of you do seem rather attached.”
Ren supresses a smile of his own, “Separation anxiety will do that, yeah.” He says blankly.
Akechi tilts his head, “For you, or him, I wonder?”

Ren snorts, ignoring the fact that he honestly isn’t quite sure at this point. His sleep schedule,
at the very least, has been ruined in the cat’s absence.
“Anyway,” Akechi continues, “I’m sure he won’t stay away long.”
“You sound so confident.” Ren says, a little more honest than he intends.
“I have faith in your magnetism.” Akechi says simply, and Ren isn’t quite sure what to make
of that, “But your runaway cat isn’t all that’s bothering you, is it?”
Ren blinks, and pouts, “You don’t have to use all your skills on me, detective.”
Akechi smiles serenely, and Ren rolls his eyes.
“I also got into a fight with my friends.” Ren shrugs, looking down at the counter and tracing
patterns on it, “We… haven’t really resolved it.”
Akechi hums, eyes tracking the shapes Ren draws, “I see.” He doesn’t look up, “What about,
if I may ask?”
Ren bites his lip, grimacing, “Uh, a couple things.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“But, um,” Ren tries to keep his embarrassed blush under control, “You. Were a topic.”
Akechi’s brow furrows, “Oh.” He frowns slightly, “My apologies?”
“What? No,” Ren coughs, “No, it’s not your fault at all- my friends just- don’t. Like you very
much.”
Akechi’s frown deepens, “Right.” He laughs slightly, “Well, I suppose I haven’t always made
the best impression on all your friends in the past. Niijima especially.”
That checks out. Ren honestly kind of wants to hear the story there, but he shakes his head,
“It wasn’t actually anything to do with you.” He says, “They just don’t like that I hang out
with you, so much.”
Akechi smirks suddenly, “And yet you started this conversation by suggesting we spend more
time together.”
Ren snorts, and grins, “Yeah, I guess I did.”
“I suppose you’ve made your stance in the argument rather clear.” Akechi says dryly, unable
to keep the pleased little twitch to his lips off his face.
Ren laughs, ducking his head down slightly. “Yep.” He shakes himself out of it, “So, uh,
what’s been keeping you busy?”

“Oh, this and that.” Akechi says in the fakest tone Ren’s ever heard, “You might be finding
out soon, actually.”
Ren furrows his brow. “That’s… ominous.”
“Sorry,” Akechi says, unapologetically, “But I’m afraid I truly can’t say much else.”
Ren nods slowly, a confused frown tugging at his lips, “I guess I’ll see, then.”
“That you will.” Akechi smiles, and stands from his seat, “I’ll see you later, Amamiya.”
Ren gives him a small wave as he leaves the shop, still trying to wrap his head around what
that statement could possibly imply.
Fuck, I hope he’s not going to arrest me. Ren thinks, ubruptly. That would be kind of
embarrassing, after Ren was so insistent that speaking to Akechi isn’t dangerous.
Ren huffs, and freezes.
Oh. He forgot to make coffee for the both of them.

Chapter End Notes

The thieves: All this carnage is so impractical! They're probably new to the Metaverse,
then.
Akechi, clawing at the walls for shits and giggles: That works, I guess
The beggining of the Okumura arc has a very "This could be easily solved if you all just
TALKED TO EACH OTHER" vibe to me haha. And, of course, with the addition of
Goro "I'll hold these cards so close to my chest that I'll forget they're even there"
Akechi, this feeling has only increased- well, you can't fault the man for theatrics.
Has everyone seen all those p5 beta leaks? Everyone and their mother has already
lamented about this, but the fact that the poker scene was cut is a great disgrace and I
will be sad about it forever. Well, at least we have those english voice lines that will
forever live rent free in my head (You know the one), though I suppose we already had
those- now we just have more shuake fuel with the actual 3d scene haha
Alas! I am out of jokes. Uhh... p3 reload is coming out soon? That's a thing. I /would/
play it on release, but i've yet to finish my playthrough of baldur's gate 3 and I always
feel like I'm commiting adultery when I play two long games at the same time. I should
really pick up the pace on bg3... It feels like I've barely gotten anything done...
Oh! I should probably put this here, too, since it never comes up again- the reason the
robot shadows didn't register that the black mask was trapseing about is because Akechi
seems to (A big ol' "probably" in canon that I've turned into a "definitely" in this fic)

have an ability to shield himself from Navigators, and, by extension, shadows. Since
Akechi wasn't in the palace to bully Okumura, he was basically hiding on instinct, and
any shadow that saw him didn't really live long enough to spread the news. Until, of
course, he needed to make his presence known to Morgana.
Socials! Art stuff, mostly. Come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 4
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 7
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Akechi: haha you're so fascinating Amamiya-kun. You know what would be wild? If
you were the leader of the Phantom Thieves. Not that I'm suspicious of you of course
haha
Ren @ the thieves: Guys I'm pretty sure he doesn't know anything

Chapter 34
Chapter Summary

Suspicions, confessions, and guilt-related trust.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The first thing Akechi does when he returns to his apartment is flick Morgana on the nose to
wake him out of his nap.
“Hey!” Morgana yowls, “What the hell?!”
“You can’t keep living like this.” Akechi says flatly, stepping out of the way of Morgana’s
claws.
After his discussion with Amamiya, Akechi is itching to move this whole debacle along. It’s
clear to him that it’s only being stalled by Morgana’s continued absence, so the solution is
clear. That, and Akechi can only put up with so many comments about his eating habits in the
span of a few days.
“What do you mean?!” Morgana whines, “You can’t just wake me up and start saying things
with no context!”
Akechi sighs, “I mean, that you need to talk to the thieves.”
Morgan scowls, another impressive feat for a cat, “I told you; I need more time.”
“How long?” Akechi asks, folding his arms.
“What, are you on a schedule?” Morgana snaps, lashing his tail.
“No.” Akechi says simply, “But Amamiya misses you, and it seems the thieves are just as
much of a mess as you are, currently.”
“I’m not a mess…” Morgana mumbles petulantly, then narrows his eyes, “How do you know
Ren misses me?”
“I spoke with him this afternoon.” Akechi says, taking a seat next to Morgana on the couch,
“He misses you, and the thieves have yet to resolve the argument that you started.”
“Oh…” Morgana slumps. He paws at the couch for a beat, looking to be considering
something.

After a moment, Morgana looks up again, “You want to talk with everyone, right?”
Akechi nods slowly, “I do.”
“But… not to arrest them, right…?” Morgana asks, confusion and suspicion in his voice.
“If I wanted to, I could have simply done so already.” Akechi points out in his best interview
voice.
Morgana hums, then nods, seemingly satisfied, “Then… can you give me a bit to figure out
how to… y’know?”
Akechi huffs a laugh, “I’ll hold you to it.”
“Good.” Morgana brightens up, curling up in a loaf again, “I… guess I miss Ren too…”
Akechi hums, tilting his head for the cat to continue.
Morgana huffs, “I kind of just got really mad at him and then left.” His ears flatten against his
head, “…D’you think the thieves will take me back…?”
“Of course they will.” Akechi says simply, and Morgana’s ears perk back up, “They’re
waiting for you, I believe.”
Morgana preens, looking thoroughly cheered up, “Well, in that case, who am I to keep them
waiting?” He gives Akechi an appraising look. “Are you gonna join us?”
What a blunt question. That is the plan, Akechi supposes, but he wonders how the discussion
will go.
He’s been told multiple times in the past few days that the Phantom Thieves are decidedly not
fond of him. Not a surprise- not in the least. But, it does make any possible negotiations a
mystery. Hopefully Morgana and Amamiya will vouch for him, at least.
“We’ll see.” Akechi decides on saying, and Morgana looks a bit put out.
“Didn’t take you for the type to be indecisive…” Morgana mumbles.
“I’m preparing for whatever may come.” Akechi counters, folding his arms.
“Yeah, whatever.” Morgana dismisses, and Akechi fights the urge to scowl, “What’s for
dinner? Can we get sushi again?”
Akechi enters something of a staring contest with the cat, before he eventually relents,
“Fine.” He says, taking out his phone.
Morgana snickers, and Akechi can feel the Hermit reach rank three.
“Mementos tomorrow?” Morgana asks, hopping up on the armrest of the couch as Akechi
finishes ordering their dinner.

Akechi shrugs, “Sure.” He narrows his eyes, “But make sure you come up with a way to
confront your friends.”
“Yeah, yeah…” Morgana mumbles, curling up into a loaf yet again.
Akechi sighs, frowning to himself. He loses the internal debate, and gives the cat a few
scratches behind his ears.
***
Ren slumps against the pillar next to the first set of Mementos escalators.
They’ve been here for an hour already. Morale is low.
The rest of the team are in various states of slowly melting into the floor, with Futaba on the
verge of melting into her laptop. Ren isn’t quite sure how well a laptop works in the
Metaverse, but it’s something for her to do, he supposes.
“Uh, guys?” Ann speaks up, “What are we even gonna do if Mona shows up?”
“Ask him to come back, right?” Ryuji scratches the back of his neck.
Futaba looks up from her laptop with an unimpressed expression, “You think just begging
him to come back is gonna work?”
Makoto sighs, “I suppose we’ll have to hope he’s calmed down enough to be willing to hear
us out.”
“But we’ve hardly resolved the issues that Mona brought up,” Yusuke points out, pointedly
not looking at Ren, “If nothing has changed, will he want to return?”
Ren rolls his eyes, “We’re waiting for him to come back to start working things out,
remember?” He slumps against the pillar a little further, “I’ll handle the talking. He’s mad at
me, mostly.”
Futaba pauses in her typing, “…Well, even if it doesn’t work out, we can still get some info
on the red mask, right?”
There’s a round of begrudging agreements, and they all fall into silence once again.
After another fifteen minutes, Ren is just about ready to call it quits, before he hears the
tapping of feet further up the escalators.
Morgana comes bounding down, and Ren swears he can see a blur of something else before
Morgana turns and yelps as he sees them.
“W-what are you guys doing here?!” Morgana squeaks, looking extremely unprepared.
“Waiting for you.” Ren says, kicking off of the pillar.

“Well!” Morgana starts, looking around hurriedly, “Jerk…” He mumbles to himself.
“Wha- hey!” Ryuji splutters, “We haven’t even said anythin’ yet!”
“Not you!” Morgana snaps.
Ren presses his lips together, fairly certain that the insult was aimed at him, “Mona, we just
want to talk.” He reaches up and tugs at his fringe, “Be mad at me all you want.”
Morgana scowls, and kicks at the ground, “That doesn’t exactly make me feel better…” He
mumbles.
“Then what would make you feel better?” Makoto cuts in. When she gets no response, she
sighs, “Need I remind you that you were avoiding us these past few days?”
Morgana continues his silence, glaring at the ground a little harder.
Ren sees something shift in the shadows. He frowns, and narrows his eyes, letting the haze of
his third eye capture the shadow just to see“Are you even paying attention?” Morgana snaps.
Ren shakes himself out of it, “Of course I am.” He says, perhaps a little too curt. He bites at
his lip, and breaths out harshly through his nose, “Look, Mona, I’m sorry that I made you
think I didn’t trust you.”
“Are you going to tell me what’s up, then?” Morgana counters without missing a beat.
Ren clenches his fists, “I- yes. I will, okay?” He hunches his shoulders, tugging harder at his
fringe and feeling words spill out of his mouth before he can give them their proper review,
“I just- listen, there were reasons, that I didn’t tell anyone, and-”
He takes a deep breath.
I’m afraid, Ren doesn’t say, because he doesn’t know what to trust, what warnings to heed. Is
there blood on his hands, if he can’t find the black mask when the answer is right there in his
mind the whole time? Is it his fault, if Akechi dies, and Ren failed to stop it despite the
omens that his dreams have already spelled out?
There’s a pause, as Morgana glares more holes into the ground.
He eventually looks up. “…Okay.” He says, and it takes everything Ren has not to
immediately crumple with relief, “I- I’m sorry, too.”
Ren blinks, “What for?”
“For being mad about Akechi.” Morgana says sheepishly, “That… I was wrong, okay?”
Ren blinks again, unable to entirely mask his surprise. He thought he’d have to fight harder
for that. He feels a smile pull at his face, “…Thanks.”

Morgana huffs to himself, “I guess he was right…” He says in a mumble.
Futaba’s head perks up, “He?”
Morgana jumps, “Huh?”
The thieves look between each other frantically, leaning forward with eager expressions.
“Now that our spat has been resolved, there was something we wanted to ask you.” Yusuke
starts.
Makoto takes a step forward, “There was someone else, in Okumura’s palace.”
Ann nods furiously, “Yeah! The whole place was, like, wrecked- and the shadows said
someone in a red mask did it!”
Morgana seems a little taken aback by the sudden intensity, but he blinks at Ann’s words,
“Wrecked?” He says, incredulously, “Really…?”
“The shadows were terrified, dude.” Ryuji says flatly.
Futaba jumps up. “We need to know who it was!”
Morgana looks more than a little overwhelmed, and he opens his mouth to speak.
Before he does, though, Ren sees the shadows shift again, but he’s ready this time, his vision
cuts into the shadow andThe bright glowing blue of the Justice arcana.
“I think that’s enough.” Akechi’s voice cuts through the frantic interrogation.
It’s impressive, Ren thinks, how quickly the silence falls, how quickly the air is shoved out of
the tunnel, just by his voice.
Akechi takes a short step out of the shadow he had buried himself in, dressed in blinding
white and a crimson red mask.
“You…!” Makoto gasps, gaping.
“Akechi?! You know about the Metaverse?!” Ryuji shouts, voice accusatory.
Yusuke hums darkly, “Not only that, but he has a persona.”
“I- I couldn’t even sense him,” Futaba starts, mumbling to herself, “How is that even
possible,”
“Guys.” Ren interrupts, and Morgana looks as though he was about to do the same.
Akechi regards them all with something that could be detached curiosity.

“He has a red mask.” Ren points out, though he isn’t sure if that was possible to miss.
It was, apparently, as the thieves all do a double take, likely too initially distracted by Akechi
himself to have taken in his attire properly.
(It brings out his eyes, some thought whispers innocently, and Ren shoves it down.)
Akechi smiles, “Apologies for not revealing myself earlier. You all surprised me when I saw
you camping out here, and I didn’t feel the need to interrupt your discussion.”
Morgana shoots him a glare, and laughs awkwardly, “So, uh, this is another thing…”
Makoto gets into a fighting stance, her eyes narrowing at Akechi, “What are your intentions?
Why did you hide that you know about the Metaverse?”
Morgana quickly waves his hands, “Wait, wait! He wasn’t hiding anything!” He grimaces,
“He only awakened his persona a few days ago.”
“Well how the hell did that happen!?” Ryuji shouts, running a hand through his hair.
Ren almost laughs at the slight expression of indignance on Akechi’s face.
Morgana looks to Akechi for help, and only gets a bland smile in response. Morgana rolls his
eyes, and huffs, “Well, I went to check out Okumura’s palace the day we all fought, and,
uh…”
“’uh’, what?” Futaba prompts, looking rapidly between the cat and the detective.
“I… accidentally dragged him into the Metaverse?” Morgana says, voice getting higher
toward the end.
There’s a pause.
Makoto slumps, “Really…?”
“I’m afraid so.” Akechi says flatly.
Ren tilts his head, “So you guys have been the ones changing hearts these past few days?” He
asks, leaning back against the pillar.
“That would be correct.” Akechi nods in his direction, “Mona has been showing me the
ropes, as it were.”
Morgana grins, puffing out his chest, “That’s right! Crow here’s a natural!”
Ren freezes.
Crow…?
“S-so you’ve been telling him everything…?” Ann says, laughing uncomfortably.

Ren’s heard that name before.
Of course he has, it’s a damn bird, the name isn’t unique“W-well, what was I supposed to do?” Morgana asks, ears flattening against his head.
But there’s something about it that Ren can’t quite place, can’t find the location of in the files
of his mind, and
The Aeon cuts at his insides, like no other arcana has done before, yarn turning into a razor
wire, and oh that hurts“I suppose it would have been unbecoming to simply leave Akechi-san to his own devices
within the Metaverse.” Yusuke points out, “That likely would not have ended well.”
“Yeah, definitely not…” Ryuji mutters.
Ren grits his teeth, and tries to ignore how his vision narrows, how the Aeon thrashes and
screams in his chest, begging him to just understandBut Ren’s memory comes up empty, and a name is just a name.
“Joker?” Akechi voice cuts in, “Are you alright?”
Ren nods quickly, brain barely catching onto the fact that Morgana must’ve filled Akechi in
on everyone’s codenames, “Yeah,” He forcefully untenses, “Sorry.”
Akechi tilts his head curiously, but doesn’t say anything else.
There’s a silence.
Ren’s mind finally catches up.
Oh god. He thinks, Akechi has a persona.
“Shit.” Ren says aloud.
“You can say that again…” Futaba mumbles, folding in on herself.
Makoto presses her lips together, “We should probably take this discussion back to the real
world.”
Ryuji splutters, “What, so he can arrest us?!” he points a panicked finger at Akechi.
“Skull!” Ann hisses, elbowing him.
Akechi laughs lightly, “Not to worry. I already know who you all are.” The thieves tense,
“But I have no intention of turning you into the police.”
Ren furrows his brow.

Well. That’s not what he expected.
Makoto didn’t seem to expect it either, “…You’re a detective on the case, and yet you don’t
want to arrest us.”
“That’s what I just said, yes.” Akechi intones dryly.
Yusuke raises his eyebrows, “You have no desire to make good on the declarations you’ve
made on television? Is finding our identity not a moment of triumph for you?”
“Sure.” Akechi tilts his head, “But I figured it out back in June.”
“You what?!” Ryuji and Futaba yelp at the same time.
Ren frowns. When could Akechi possibly have…
Oh.
Ren snorts.
“Why are you laughing?!” Ann whisper-yells, sounding on the verge of hysterics.
Ren grins at Akechi, “You heard us when we were talking at the TV station, didn’t you?”
Akechi smirks, “Got it on one, Joker.”
“Oh my god.” Ann mutters, burying her face in her hands.
Morgana folds his arms, “He could have turned us in at any point, or ordered us to be
investigated by the police, but he didn’t. I think we can trust him.”
“You’ll have to forgive me if I don’t think we can accept this at face value.” Makoto folds her
arms tightly, “He could have a hidden agenda, beyond just arresting us.”
“’He’ is right here.” Akechi says with a tight smile.
“I think we can trust him.” Ren chimes in.
“Of course you think that…” Futaba mumbles.
Ren shrugs, “Even if you guys aren’t sure where to stand, we can at least talk first, right?”
Yusuke nods, “That’s true. We’ll get nowhere if we simply stare each other down in
Mementos for eternity.”
Makoto purses her lips together, but eventually nods.
“What the eff…” Ryuji whines, but gives a weak thumbs-up.
Ann gives a bright, if strained, smile, and Futaba hunches a little more and gives a weak nod.

“Excellent.” Akechi smiles, “To Leblanc, then?”
***
The journey to Leblanc is an uncomfortable one.
The thieves all shoot nervous looks in Akechi’s direction, who pretends not to notice.
Morgana had hopped onto Akechi’s shoulder the moment they got out of the Metaverse, and
Ren is trying not to feel too put out.
Aside from that, though, Ren is downright giddy.
Akechi has a persona, the thought that initially made Ren’s chest tighten with confusion and
worry instead brings a giant grin to his lips. This is the best possible outcome, he thinks. This
is everything he could have wanted.
(There’s another thought, yet to be examined, that reminds Ren in a shaking voice that the
Metaverse is dangerous- anything could happen, couldn’t it? The absurdity of Akechi’s death
doesn’t seem so far off if he’s about to put himself in danger with the rest of them,
Later. Ren insists to the voice. That can be unpacked later.)
Ren quickens his pace to fall into step with Akechi at the front of the pack.
“When you came to Leblanc,” Ren starts, and Akechi turns his head slightly to indicate that
he’s listening, “You had already met Mona, hadn’t you?”
“I had.” Akechi nods, and on his shoulder Morgana flicks his ears.
Ren gives him a look, “Were you just messing with me that whole time?”
Akechi laughs slightly, “Lying by omission, perhaps.” He readjusts his gloves, “I mostly
wanted to see how you were doing. I did take custody of your cat, after all.”
“How many times do I have to say it?!” Morgana yowls, batting at Akechi’s hair.
Ren laughs, but feels his smile slowly die as he thinks some more. “…Did you only approach
me because you knew I was a Phantom Thief?”
He regrets asking as soon as the question comes out of his mouth. It’s a little too insecure, a
little too revealing, but Akechi simply hums.
“It was one reason, I’ll admit.” Akechi concedes, “But it wasn’t just that. Our little round of
banter during the interview endeared me to you more than me overhearing you in a hallway
ever did.” His eyes flick downwards, “And I do enjoy your company as a person. Our outings
were part of the reason I decided not to name you as a suspect.”
Ren blinks, “Oh.” He says dumbly. He swallows, ducking his head as a wide smile spreads
across his face, “Thanks, Akechi.”

Akechi raises an eyebrow, “You’re thanking me? Whatever for? Deciding not to throw you to
the wolves?”
Ren laughs, “Well, I am the guy you’re supposed to be arresting, so thanks for breaking the
law for me.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, exasperation betrayed by the small smile on his face, “All I had to do
was not say anything.” He smirks, “You’re incredibly lucky that the police force is more
incompetent than you all are loud. It’s an especially good thing that Sae-san is too deep in her
own head to analyse the change in her sister’s behaviour in any meaningful way.”
“I guess it was lucky that you were the one who figured us out?” Ren offers sheepishly, grin
growing even wider.
Akechi gives him a flat look, “You’re lucky, that we happened to become acquaintances.”
“Acquaintances,” Ren mocks, and bumps Akechi’s shoulder, “You can just say friends.”
Akechi pauses, “Right. Friends, then.”
Ren laughs, “C’mon, Akechi, we both know I’m very charming, you don’t have to deny it-”
Akechi bumps his shoulder with more force than strictly necessary, rolling his eyes as Ren
dissolves into cackles, “You’re on thin ice, Amamiya.”
“You’ll admit it one day,” Ren says cheerfully, cheeks starting to hurt from smiling too much.
Akechi tsks in a way that sounds almost fond, and they fall back into a comfortable silence.
Ren flinches as Morgana hops onto his shoulders, feeling the cat shuffle into a position where
he’s no longer in danger of falling off.
“So, did you forget I was here, or…?” Morgana mumbles, and Ren laughs and scratches the
cat behind the ears.
“You could’ve said something.” Ren points out. He pauses, “Are you gonna come back to
living with me?” He asks tentatively.
Morgana flicks his tail, “…If you’ll have me.”
Ren smiles, “Of course I will.”
Morgana huffs haughtily, “You’ve got new standards to live up to.” He shoots a look at
Akechi, “Crow got us sushi for dinner every night.”
Ren turns to Akechi, “You’re spoiling him.” He says blankly.
Morgana yelps in protest, as Akechi shrugs, “It was convenient.”
Ren nods sagely, “Understandable. I’ve bribed Mona with fatty tuna before.”

Akechi smirks, “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Hey!” Morgana yowls, “It’s not bribery! I have standards!”
Yeah, Ren thinks, as the conversation devolves into banter and laughter,
This is the best thing to have happened to him in a while.
***
The discussion at Leblanc is a long and tedious one.
Most of it is Akechi pasting on a smile while explaining thing’s he’s already explained to
Morgana. This time, with a significant degree more scepticism, largely from Makoto and
Sakamoto, with the occasional clarifying question from Kitagawa, Takamaki, and Futaba.
Amamiya seems to have decided that he already believes anything that might come out of
Akechi’s mouth.
What a fool, Akechi thinks.
Amamiya is very lucky that Akechi is doing his utmost to make sure they don’t trip headfirst
into the mousetrap Shido has laid at their feet. If Akechi had more sinister intentions, (And he
likely would have, in different circumstances, he thinks) then the Phantom Thieves would
have been tragically easy to destroy.
But those aren’t his intentions.
No, Akechi tells them, he has no intention of turning them into the police.
Why, they ask? It’s far easier to tell Amamiya one-on-one that he is the primary reason for
Akechi’s half-feigned benevolence, and less easy to grit out to an entire group. It’s the only
explanation he has, though, if he doesn’t want to start muttering about political conspiracies
and time travel.
Why constantly threaten us? Makoto asks. They were hardly threats, Akechi responds. It was
a reminder, he explains- if Akechi could put their identities together, then anyone could.
Why not come clean earlier? Akechi has to scramble for an answer, and he settles on an
adjacent truth: There was no reason to. Akechi couldn’t be sure of the consequences of telling
them all that he knew their identities, so he simply chose to keep quiet.
Why say all those things on TV? A combination of PR for the police department and some of
Akechi’s own opinions. He’s still not on the side of the Phantom Thieves, after all, even if he
doesn’t want them arrested.
“What now?” Amamiya asks- and, well, that’s the question, isn’t it?
Sakamoto rubs the back of his neck uncomfortably, turning to look at Akechi, “I mean, you
still don’t agree with the Phantom Thieves, right?”

Akechi nods slowly, “It’s complicated, but in so many words, yes.”
“Then why are you still here?” Makoto says, perhaps a bit harsher than she intends, as she
clicks her jaw closed and grimaces as soon as the words leave her mouth.
Akechi smiles blandly, “Because I have a suggestion.”
Amamiya tilts his head, “A suggestion…?” He asks, sounding more curious than suspicious.
Kitagawa leans forward slightly, “For a target?”
Takamaki twirls some of her hair around her finger, laughing awkwardly, “We, uh, might
already have our hands full.”
Akechi nods, “That leads me to my point.” He places a hand on his chin in faux
contemplation, “You all have your sights set on Kunikazu Okumura, correct?”
Morgana flicks his tail, “…We were considering it.” He concedes.
“In that case,” Akechi folds his arms, “I’d advise against targeting the man for the time
being.”
Futaba blinks, head whipping up, “What?” She asks, sounding perplexed, “Why?”
Akechi sighs, “I’ve already mentioned how your group is already highly suspicious. You’re
already in quite a large amount of danger, and I fear that targeting Okumura may attract the
wrong kind of attention.”
Sakamoto leans back in his chair with an easy grin, “Well, that’s why we wanna target ‘em,
right?”
“Did you listen to anything I just said?” Akechi snaps, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Of course. Wonderful. He already knew that the thieves are stupid, bet he supposes this is just
an extra layer of confirmation.
Way to make his job harder.
Futaba shifts, “I’m with Ryuji on this one.” She says, shoving her glasses further up her face,
“We wanna find more about the mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks, right?”
Akechi pauses, and looks up, “Why do you believe targeting Okumura will give you that
information?”
It’s not an impossible conclusion to draw, but it requires knowledge that Akechi would
assume the thieves don’t have. The only source he can think of is…
“We looked at some of the stuff on Makoto’s sis’ laptop!” Takamaki explains brightly, “It
looked like she was suspicious of Okumura since so many of the incidents were benefiting
him.”

There it is.
Makoto flushes, “Oh, um…”
Akechi sighs performatively, “You… stole data from a prosecutor.”
Amamiya tugs at his fringe, “…For the greater good?” He offers with a small grin.
Akechi uses all his willpower not to scowl, “Whatever helps you sleep at night.”
“Nevertheless,” Kitagawa cuts in, “It seems that targeting Okumura would be beneficial to
you as well. Do you not wish to find the culprit of the shutdowns and breakdowns?”
Akechi sighs, “That is irrelevant if you all get yourselves killed in the process.”
Sakamoto jumps, “Woah, killed?!”
“That’s a bit of a step up…” Futaba mumbles.
Akechi regards them all with a serious expression, “Okumura would be on another level than
any of your previous targets. You’re starting to dip your toes into the world of politics, and
believe me when I say that is dangerous.” He narrows his eyes, “If Okumura is truly behind
the breakdowns and shutdowns as you supect, then such a man would hardly be above
silencing a few teenagers who fly too close to the sun."
Amamiya frowns slightly, “Hm.” He hums shortly.
“Holy shit…” Sakamoto mutters.
Makoto presses her lips together, and turns to the thieves, “What about Haru-san?”
Akechi waves a dismissive hand, “Haru-san will be fine even if you don’t change her father’s
heart.”
“She did mention having some reservations…” Kitagawa murmurs.
Amamiya blinks suddenly, as he seems to catch up with the conversation.
He turns to Akechi with a slightly alarmed expression, “…Wait, is she in danger?”
Futaba wrings her hands together, “Yeah, what you said makes it sound like there’s a chance
she won’t be fine.”
Shit. “…She is,” Akechi starts, “…Currently engaged to someone unsavoury.” He settles on.
Takamaki jumps in outrage, “She’s engaged?!” She shouts, “She’s in high school!”
Kitagawa frowns, “A political engagement, I assume? I hear those are fairly common
amongst big businesses.”
“That doesn’t make it any better!” Morgana yowls.

Sakamoto leans forward, a dark look on his face, “Well, shit, now we’ve gotta change
Okumura’s heart!”
Akechi grimaces. Shit, he was trying to avoid this situation exactly, “Didn’t Haru tell you all
she doesn’t want her father’s heart to get changed?” He tries, “Haru will be alright- I’ve
offered my apartment as somewhere safe for her to stay if things get bad.”
Takamaki looks even more outraged, “Things might get that bad?!” She folds her arms
tightly, “It still sounds like we have to change Okumura’s heart to me!”
“Don’t you want to help your friend?” Amamiya asks quietly.
Akechi bites his lip.
“Akechi-kun,” Makoto chimes in, “it seems like we have a lot of reasons to want to target
Okumura.”
Amamiya leans forward slightly, “You shouldn’t worry about how dangerous it is. It’s been
dangerous the whole time, hasn’t it?” He gives a stupid grin, “Plus we have you to cover for
us at least a little bit, right?”
Akechi does scowl this time, “You’re far too carefree about all this.”
Morgana hops up, “C’mon, Crow! You can join us for this, can’t you? Changing Okumura’s
heart seems like it’ll do nothing but help you out!”
Akechi grits his teeth, “I…”
“We’ll be careful.” Amamiya adds, like a liar.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Sure you will.” He sighs to himself.
Shit.
He didn’t mean to let slip that Haru was in danger. The way Makoto had phrased it, he had
assumed that they had already stumbled onto the information somehow, but now he can’t
deny their points without seeming suspicious or looking like an asshole, neither of which are
particularly productive to his goals.
Could he suggest that they target Sugimura, instead? But, no- Sugimura is completely
irrelevant to the mental shutdowns; the thieves want answers that Haru’s fiancé can’t give
them. They’ll insist on two birds with one stone, he knows itShit.
Akechi presses his lips together, “…Fine.” He says after a beat.
Amamiya blinks, “Really?”
Akechi rolls his eyes again, “Yes. Fine. I’ve been convinced.”

Futaba claps her hands together, “Ding ding ding!” She cheers, “Detective acquired!”
Akechi holds back a scoff as the rest of the thieves echo her enthusiasm, Amamiya shooting
him a small smile, andAkechi can’t tell if he’s surprised or not when the world shiftsI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Judgement arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
The world slides back into place, the Phantom Thieves none the wiser.
***
Ren tries not to feel too smug that they’ve managed to convince Akechi to join them.
He fails, of course, but he’s pretty sure he managed to keep it off his face, at least.
Akechi is first to leave Leblanc- a rather quick exit after adding him to the group chat and
arranging the next meeting between the Phantom Thieves. The rest of the thieves all sit
around the table dragged to the centre of the attic, looking like the situation has finally caught
up with them.
“So.” Ann starts, after a beat, “…Akechi-kun is one of us now.”
Ryuji snorts, “If you’d’ve told me that a week ago…”
“Indeed.” Yusuke hums, “This is rather unexpected. Though, it is not unwelcome. This does
remove a rather large factor of stress off our backs.”
Ren hums.
Makoto shifts uncomfortably. She opens her mouth, and then clicks it shut. Ren just raises his
eyebrow at her, and she shoots him an exasperated look.
“I-” She starts, then sighs, “Ren, I apologise that I made such a big deal about you spending
time with Akechi when we argued.”
Ren nods slowly.
Makoto laughs slightly, “I can’t quite tell if my fears were justified or not, given that Akechikun already knew, but I shouldn’t have tried to police your friends.” The way she says it
sounds rehearsed, like she had practiced the apology in advance. The thought makes Ren
smile slightly.

“It’s okay.” He eventually says, “I get why you were worried.”
“It wasn’t okay.” Makoto insists, “But thank you. For not being mad.” She finishes
awkwardly.
“I’m sorry too, man.” Ryuji cuts in, “I shoulda stood up for you, or somethin’.”
Ann nods furiously, “Me too!”
Yusuke and Futaba give their own nods, and Ren smile widens to a full grin. He ducks his
head awkwardly, twirling his fringe between his fingers.
“…Thanks.” He murmurs after a beat, and the thieves all smile back.
“But,” Morgana says, “Are we gonna talk about the other stuff?”
Ren presses his lips together, “…Yeah. We should.”
Ann shuffles forward, “Um, should we wait until we meet up with Akechi-kun next? He’s
one of us now, so…”
Ren shakes his head, “Not for this.” He grimaces, “You’ll see why.”
“Ominous.” Futaba quips flatly.
“What was everything Morgana mentioned…?” Yusuke mutters to himself, “Visions, and
possible suspicions about the black mask?”
Ren laughs uncomfortably, “Uh, yeah. They kinda go hand in hand. And there’s more.”
“There’s more?!” Morgana yowls.
Ren raises his hands placatingly, “Well I’m about to tell you guys, aren’t I?”
Morgana huffs, and plonks back down.
Makoto smooths out her skirt, “So, where did you want to start?”
Ren takes a deep breath.
Okay.
“I think Yoshizawa might be the black mask.” He blurts.
It’s not unexpected, when everyone gives him the flattest looks he’s ever seen. It does still
hurt a little, though.
“…Huh?” Ryuji says, ever eloquent.
“Sumire-chan?” Ann says incredulously.

“That seems…” Yusuke murmurs.
“Unlikely.” Futaba finishes for him.
Ren grimaces.
Makoto doesn’t look particularly convinced, either, but she coughs to grab everyone’s
attention, “Why is it that you’re suspicious of her, Ren?”
Ren swallows, “Uh, I guess that brings us to the other stuff.”
“The visions, you mean?” Morgana asks, straightening up.
“Yeah.” Ren nods, and thinks of the best place to start, “So… when I first awakened to
Arsène, I saw something weird that didn’t really line up with the actual awakening.”
Futaba frowns, “Like what?”
Ren shrugs, “I honestly can’t remember much. I think I heard a voice? It was like…
remembering a conversation, but the memory wasn’t mine, and,” He waves his hands,
“Yeah.”
“Huh…” Ann mumbles, “So that’s it?”
“Nope.” Ren grimaces, “You remember when I collapsed in Kamoshida’s palace?”
Ryuji jumps, “Oh, yeah!” He gasps, “You really freaked us out with that, man!”
“Ha.” Ren huffs, “Well, that was another one.”
“Then you asked me about them...” Morgana nods slowly, “You remember anything from that
one?”
Ren shakes his head, “It was… clearer? I think? But that might be because I wasn’t also in all
the pain in the world.”
The thieves who had conventional awakenings all give him sympathetic nods.
Ren continues, “They’ve been happening kind of sporadically. I don’t know what causes
them, and I can’t really tell what they’re about. It’s just…” Ren huffs, “Like, an internal
monologue and the emotions that come with it without any actual context.”
Futaba frowns, “So, long story short: unhelpful.”
Ren grimaces, “Pretty much, yeah.”
Makoto hums, then tilts her head, “How does this lead into your suspicion about Sumirechan?”
“The visions get a little clearer, sometimes.” Ren explains, “But I kept telling myself they
were just…” He shrugs, “Nonsense. Because they are, mostly. One of the few times I got

something clear out of them is when we were stealing Futaba’s heart,” The girl in question
perks up with a confused expression, “In the fight against the sphinx, I got a vision of the two
of you talking in Leblanc.”
“The two of us?” Futaba asks, perplexed. Her eyes widen, “Wait, you mean…?”
“You and your mom, yeah.” Ren nods, “So I really thought they didn’t mean anything,
because you looked the same age you look now.”
“And Sojiro didn’t open Leblanc till after mom died…” Futaba mumbles, brows furrowed.
“What convinced you that they weren’t just nothing?” Yusuke asks.
Ren laughs stiltedly, “Well, they just kept happening. And it’s not just visions, either.” The
thieves all tilt their head questioningly, “I get weird dreams, too. Nightmares, I think? I can’t
tell, since I never remember them clearly when I wake up.”
Ryuji nods slowly, “…So how’s Sumire come into this?”
Ren presses his lips together, and sighs, “Well…” He grimaces, “I think the dreams might be
about the black mask?”
Ann blinks, “Okay…” She drawls out.
Ren huffs, “This is gonna sound crazy…” He mumbles, dragging his hands down his face
before shaking himself out of it, “I remember the colours black and red. Distinctly. And I
wrote down at some point that one of the dreams happened in Mementos. And, a lot of the
dreams are… violent? Or depressing? I remember getting shot, at one point, I think.”
The thieves’ expression’s swing between confusion and concern as Ren babbles. He finds all
his swirling thoughts about all the little bits of smoke he’s managed to grasp spilling out of
his mouth in semi-coherent bursts.
The Aeon shifts, somewhere. Ren ignores it. Not now.
Makoto purses her lips, “So, the contents of these dreams make you believe that they’re
connected to the Metaverse, and the black mask specifically,” She pauses, clearly trying not
to look unimpressed, “And the focus on red in one of these dreams makes you think of
Sumire-chan?”
“There’s more than that.” Ren protests weakly, “The red thing was what first made me link
Yoshizawa to the dreams, but she’s been super suspicious in general.”
“I’ve noticed it too, actually.” Morgana speaks up, “She acts really weird, sometimes. And
she’s been really weird around Ren, a lot.”
Ann frowns, “Right, you mentioned that she doesn’t like you, or something, right?”
“A while ago, yeah.” Ren nods, “At first I was just worried that she knew we were the
Phantom Thieves. But then, shouldn’t she be weird around all of us? The only thing different

about me is that I’m the leader.”
“But she would only know that if she’d seen you in the Metaverse, right?” Ryuji asks, brows
furrowed, then he jumps, “Oh.”
“Yeah.” Ren nods, “That was where my thoughts went too. And…” He sighs, “Akechi’s on
the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns case, and Yoshizawa’s really close with
him. And, she’s close with Haru, who’s Okumura’s daughter.”
“And Okumura might be our mastermind.” Futaba concludes, “So she’s got possible ties to
the case.” She frowns, “Wait. If Sumire’s the black mask, then she probably killed my mom,
yeah?” She says blankly.
Everyone winces. “…Possibly.” Ren eventually says.
Futaba shifts, “Well, why is she so nice to me, then? You’d think it wouldn’t add up, right?”
Yusuke tilts his head, “Theoretically… but Futaba, do you remember the presence within
your palace that you said you sensed? We concluded that they could only be the black mask.”
“…And they seemed kinda nice, too.” Futaba murmurs, sinking into her chair, “So it
wouldn’t be a contradiction.”
Ann tugs nervously at her hair, “Maybe she feels guilty…?”
“If it’s true.” Morgana reminds her.
“Anything else incriminating?” Makoto asks, turning to Ren.
He nods, “Over the summer, Yoshizawa started talking to me more.” He tilts his head,
pressing his lips together, “It seemed like she was fishing for information, almost.” He turns
to Ryuji and Yusuke, “And do you guys remember when we talked to Haru and Yoshizawa in
Hawaii?”
Understanding dawns on Ryuji’s face, “Ohh, yeah!” He gasps.
“Her wording about the nature of changing hearts seemed oddly specific.” Yusuke nods.
“Right!” Ryuji leans forward, “Like, she talked about desires specifically, yeah?”
Morgana hums, “That is kind of a red flag.”
“She brushed it off by saying that our calling cards all contain that wording, but that would at
least confirm that she keeps a close eye on the contents of each calling card, no?” Yusuke
says, “The news does not usually read them out- they simply declare that one has been sent.”
Makoto sighs, “I’ll admit, if we accept all this at face value, it paints a concerning picture.”
She folds her arms, “But I’m afraid to jump the gun. Right now, this is all circumstantial
evidence. A lot of it, admittedly.” She says, grimacing.

“There’s more.” Ren says, and all the thieves slump. He smile apologetically, and continues,
“There was one dream that was vivid. Really vivid.”
Futaba narrows her eyes, “About what?”
Ren slaps his hands against his face, “Okay, so this is part of the reason why I didn’t want to
do this in front of Akechi.”
“The other being that you didn’t want to accuse his friend of murder?” Makoto asks dryly.
Ren nods, “Yep.” He tugs at his fringe, “The dream was… weird. We were having a meeting,
but it seemed like Haru and Yoshizawa were part of the thieves.”
“Wait, what?” Ann blinks.
“S’outta left field…” Ryuji mutters, scratching the back of his neck.
“Yeah.” Ren nods, huffing, “Anyway, Yoshizawa arrived late, and asked when Akechi was
showing up-”
Futaba jumps, “Woah, woah, woah, does that mean you knew Akechi was gonna join the
party before all of this?”
“Uh,” Ren starts, “I think my brain kinda glossed over it? I kinda latched onto something
else.”
“No- but like,” Futaba says quickly, beginning to look excited, “What if that’s what all this
is? The future, or something?”
“Holy shit are you a seer?” Ann whips to look at Ren with the most serious expression that
he’s ever seen.
“I really hope not.” Ren says darkly, feeling his chest clench, “Because part of the dream was
my internal monologue panicking about how Akechi died. Or was going to die.”
Any excitement on the thieves faces melts very quickly.
“Oh.” Ryuji says quietly.
“…The Metaverse is pretty dangerous.” Makoto adds, equally quiet, and everyone seems to
fill in the blanks.
“But!” Morgana hops up, looking frantically between them all, “You guys haven’t seen him
fight yet, but Akechi is really strong!” He paws uncomfortably at the table, “If he’s not alone,
then I can’t see him dying…”
“Anything can happen in the Metaverse, though…” Ann points out softly, “Even if
someone’s super strong, it’s not like they’re immortal.”

“And it hasn’t been specified that Akechi-san would die in the Metaverse.” Yusuke says,
“Tragedies happen in the real world every day.”
“Yeah.” Ren mumbles, ducking his head.
Makoto tugs on the fraying edges of her skirt, and clears her throat, “Let’s not panic just yet.
Organising what we know, we know that Sumire-chan’s actions and circumstances are cause
for suspicion, and that Akechi-kun may be in danger.” She tucks some of her hair behind her
ear, “Nothing conclusive, but given how often these visions have been happening to Ren, and
their nature, it would be ill-advised to just brush them off.” She presses her lips together,
turning to Ren, “Anything I’m missing?”
Ren shakes his head, “No, that’s about it.”
Futaba slumps, and groans, “What’re we gonna do?”
Ryuji slaps his hands over his face, “Right? I mean, Sumire?”
“We can’t say anything for certain just yet,” Yusuke reminds him, “Rushing into this could
end poorly.”
“Yeah…” Ann says, “It just seems so… weird. I never would have picked Sumire-chan as
someone suspicious. But I trust you, Ren!” She tacks on quickly.
Ren smiles awkwardly, “I know it’s kind of crazy.”
“Figuring Yoshizawa out seems like the easy part, honestly.” Morgana says, ears flattening
against his head, “How are we gonna help Akechi, if he’s in danger?”
“I dunno…” Futaba mumbles, tapping her fingers against her legs, “We don’t even have a
clue as to how he might die.” Everyone seems to wince again, no one comfortable with the
idea.
Ren swallows, “I guess, for now, everyone keep an eye out in the Metaverse…?” He shrugs,
“…or…”
“We could get to know him better!” Ann declares suddenly, “If it isn’t the Metaverse that’s
got him in danger, then wouldn’t knowing more about him give us a better clue?”
“Doesn’t Ren kinda have that covered…?” Futaba mutters, looking like she’s already
dreading the thought of socialising.
“We would have to get to know him better anyway, now that he’s a member of the team.”
Yusuke points out serenely.
“Or,” Futaba says, a grin curling on her face, “I could just bug his phone.”
There’s a pause.
“What?” Ryuji asks dumbly.

Ren frowns. He forgot Futaba could do that. He probably shouldn’t have, given that she’s
bugged his phone.
“That… seems like a breach of privacy.” Makoto points out stiltedly.
“Yeah, sure,” Futaba waves a dismissive hand, “But consider this: if I’ve got a bug on pretty
boy’s phone, it’ll be way easier to find out if he’s in danger. Or bleeding out in an alley,
somewhere.”
Ren grits his teeth at the image.
But, shit, what if something like that does happen? Ren has no idea what the fuck to expect
beyond what these useless visions and dreams are giving him, which amounts to about
nothing.
God, it’s just so frustrating.
(There’s a small thread of something that Ren is even more frustrated at. It’s strange, when he
cares to examine the feeling, as he can’t identify what that something is-)
More than that, Ren is fucking terrified.
But there are more ways than one to lose a friend, and Ren isn’t sure if he wants to risk any
of them.
“…We’re asking Akechi to trust us a lot with this.” Ren starts slowly, “I don’t want to betray
that before we’ve even started properly working together.”
Futaba pouts, none the wiser to Ren’s internal conflict, “So, no bugging?”
“No bugging.” Ren says firmly.
He hopes he doesn’t regret this.
***
Now that he’s on the other side, Ren feels like he may have shot himself in the foot by
keeping all his suspicions to himself.
Getting everything out was… fine. Not nearly as daunting as he hyped it up to be. They
believed him, didn’t smother him with concern, and now he doesn’t have to stew in all his
theories alone.
On the other side of things, Ren isn’t sure how to feel.
‘The best possible outcome’ was what he had declared to himself, when Akechi was revealed
to have a persona and joined the team. Why wouldn’t it be? They basically have a double
agent now, and oh, Ren is impatient as he waits for the moment when he can see how Akechi
fights.

Though, that was all before Ren was hit with the memory of his hopefully-not-prophetic
dream.
If he lets himself think about it too hard, all Ren feels is dread.
For one of his bonds to die; he imagines it would feel like ripping a pulsing vein out from his
chest, and he knows that he’s sewn the Justice close to his heart. He wonders what it would
feel like to try and remove something that’s become so integral.
He barely even remembers it happening. Was it inch by inch? Or was it all at once? It feels a
bit likeWell, he doesn't know.
He wonders why Akechi is different, in that regard.
His contemplation is cut off as Ren slips into sleep.
He’s staring at the walls of Mementos as the memory of the Aeon returns. Ren frowns, slowly
taking a seat on the nearby bench. Convenient- he’d hate to have to sit on the floor of this
place.
Ren’s head shoots up when Crow takes a seat next to him.
“Anything interesting happen lately?” Crow asks lightly, like the asshole he is.
“Fuck you.” Is the first thing Ren thinks to say. He only half regrets it.
Crow gives him an innocently surprised look, “Really? I’m sure I would have remembered
something like that.”
Oh, for- “Not what I meant.” Ren hisses, “I’m starting to remember stuff outside of all this,
too. What the hell was that dream?”
Crow shrugs, “A good sign, hopefully.”
Ren huffs, “Great. Wonderful.”
“I would have thought you’d be grateful for the event.” Crow tilts his head, “You’re so
determined to keep me alive, and yet you were unable to properly fulfill your resolve in
reality since you can’t remember these occurrences.” He leans back, “But now you have a
hint.”
“A hint?” Ren says incredulously, then bites his lip, “I still don’t have all the information
when I’m awake.”
“You don’t have all the information now.” Crow points out dryly. “You’ll have to work with
what you’ve got.”
Ren slaps his hands against his face, “What I’ve got is a whole pile of worry.”

“That’s pretty standard when it comes to you, no?” Crow snarks, clicking off his helmet.
Ren ignores him, and tries running through his head, skimming for anything that could help
him figure this out.
“I’m missing something.” Ren mumbles.
“Your memories, yes.” Crow deadpans, raising an eyebrow.
“No, like,” Ren groans, “Yes, my memories, but I feel like the memories aren’t the point.” He
frowns, “Or, they’re part of the point, but there’s something I’m supposed to be working
towards.” He tugs at his hair, “I just don’t know what.”
Crow hums, “What are your options, then?”
Ren presses his lips together, “Akechi’s going to die. Or in danger. Or, fuck, something, and I
think I need to find a way to help him. You.”
Crow rolls his eyes, “Sure. Do what you want. You’ve made it clear I can’t change your mind.
What else?"
Ren smiles slightly at the other's exasperation, “Yoshizawa.” He frowns, “I don’t think she’s
the black mask. Not really.”
“Who do you think it is, then?” Crow asks dispassionately.
“Kind of obvious that’s it’s you.” Ren says flatly, then frowns, “Hey, do you have two
Metaverse outfits or something?” He pouts, “No fair.”
Crow scowls, “Focus, Joker.”
Ren laughs, “Right, right.” He presses his lips together, “Yoshizawa isn’t the black mask, but
there’s something going on with her.”
“A fair assumption.” Crow tilts his head, “Any other conclusions?”
Ren slides down the bench, “Yes? No?” He clicks his tongue, then narrows his eyes, “And
then there’s you.”
Crow points to himself, batting his eyes innocently, “Me?”
“You.” Ren nods, leaning forward.
Ren bites at the inside of his mouth, “You’ve been saying this whole time that you’re my
cognition of Akechi. Kind of.” Crow smiles blandly, “But then you agreed with me, when I
got suspicious that you aren’t.”
Crow grins, “And what does that tell you?” He spreads his arms wide, “What am I?”
Ren breathes out harshly through his nose, “Not a cognition.”

Crow scoffs, “A wonderful conclusion.”
Ren rolls his eyes, “Well, you’re not a normal one, at least.”
“And so you think that’s what you have to do?” Crow gestures to himself, “Figure me out?”
Ren shrugs weakly, and holds up three fingers, “Make sure Akechi doesn’t die.” He puts
down one finger, “Figure out what’s up with Yoshizawa,” He puts down another finger,
“Figure out what’s up with you.” He puts down his last finger, and gives a small smile,
“Doable, right?”
Crow smirks, “Good luck.”
The sounds of breaking chains, and the Aeon reaches rank eight.
Crow raises an eyebrow as the sound fades, “Two more ranks. Think you can figure it out by
then?”
Ren smiles, “I’m confident.” He isn’t. Crow can probably tell, because he snorts derisively.
Ren rubs the back of his neck, “This might have been easier if I started being more critical
about this earlier.”
“You think?” Crow deadpans, and stands up. He goes to leave, before pausing, “Oh, by the
way, what are you going to do?”
Ren frowns, “Huh?”
“What are you going to do,” Crow repeats slowly, “If you fail?”
Ren doesn’t get the chance to respond before he’s shunted back into consciousness, the
memory of the dream evaporating with his sleep.

Chapter End Notes

Akechi joins the party! There's a jingle or something that plays, right?
Uh, 200k words??? that happened last chapter and I entirely forgot
And, hoo boy, Ren has officially aired all his dirty laundry to the rest of the thieves. To
be clear, they aren't... super convinced that Sumire is /actually/ the black mask, but they
trust Ren's judgement, and most of them feel kind of guilty for the argument the other
day, and no one is really in the mood to start another one. So, they're mostly agreeing to
keep an eye out, which I'm sure will turn out just fine for Sumire "Suspicious as a
default" Yoshizawa.
Additionally, there were some mentions in the comments about the thieves possibly
targeting Sugimura rather than Okumura- but, unfortunately for the black mask trio,

Sugimura isn't important enough to have any ties to the mental shutdowns and whatnot,
wheras Okumura might as well be holding a billboard saying "I've ordered
assassinations to further my company's strength"- which, given that Haru isn't a part
member, is the thieves /primary/ reason for targeting Okumura, and saving Haru from a
shitty situation is kind of just a bonus.
Akechi folded kind of fast, but rest assured, the man is SEETHING that the thieves
completely ignored his concerns lol
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 4
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Akechi: You could die.
The PT: What? Really? idk we kinda don't buy it
Akechi: I'm not fucking around, this is like- walking into a back alley near the diet
building while some shady politician is having a meeting with the Yakuza and being
surprised when you get shot
Ren: Something tells me I'm very adept at dodging bullets
Akechi: I will shoot you myself

Chapter 35
Chapter Summary

stalking, back-up plans, and ambushes.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Futaba stretches her arms out over her head, cracking her knuckles. She then slumps forward
in her best impression of a hunchback, and snickers to herself as her fingers start racing
across her keyboard with decisive clacks.
So, she isn’t allowed to hack pretty boy’s phone. Boo.
But, Ren never said anything about digging up every piece of information that Futaba can
find from the breadcrumbs scattered across the net.
Futaba has to admit that finding out that her basically-brother-at-this-point (not that she’d
ever admit to feeling like that) is practically a seer threw her for a loop.
She also has to say that finding out the nice girl that seemed almost eager to be her friend
might have killed her mom kinda stung.
Not to mention the fact that the pretty boy she’s currently ignoring the privacy of might die.
So, a lot. And Futaba isn’t quite sure how to feel about it, so she’s going to settle on just not,
and instead shove all her focus on her excellent stalking abilities.
Even if Ren might object to what Futaba’s doing, he’ll surely thank her if she comes across
something that saves Akechi’s life. Like a deeply buried connection with the yakuza, or
something. Or maybe some tragic medical records. Or some arrest history against a deeply
vengeful criminal.
Or maybe he’s a serial killer. Anything’s possible in the world of celebrities, Futaba thinks.
She taps away, almost cheerful, as she widens and narrows her search parameters, finding
small little leads to tumble down in a frenzy of research.
She takes a quick look at the public records. Pretty standard, nothing too interesting. Dead
parents- join the club! Born to Emiko and Hiroshi Akechi, who both died when he was
around ten,
Boring. Futaba thinks as she types in the names to try and get a little history on them, and-

Oh.
Less boring.
Actually, scratch that, very boring, because there’s nothing there.
Okay. Akechi’s parents don’t exist. The only records of an Emiko and Hiroshi Akechi exist in
relation to their apparent son.
Futaba tentatively notes that down.
She bites at her lip. Either Akechi’s parents’ records were wiped, and that’s why she can’t
find anything on them, or Akechi’s own record was severely altered to make up two new
people.
Neither exactly spell great things.
Futaba tries, on a long shot, to go digging for- hell, she doesn’t know, older versions of the
public records?
She isn’t surprised when she doesn’t find anything of use.
On the contrary, a little voice quips in her head, the fact that she can’t find anything pretty
solidly confirms that it’s Akechi’s records that got scrubbed, rather than his parents.
Or not-parents, Futaba guesses. She throws out the names. Not important.
She snickers. Maybe she should be the detective.
Perhaps a little more cautious of what she might find, Futaba starts digging into any and
everything she can find about Akechi’s past. She can already tell that there’s probably
something shady going on with his parents, but she clearly can’t really find out anything
more.
All his high school records are intact. Perfect grades, no clubs, definitely teacher’s pet- wow
those are some glowing comments- and… pretty much spotless.
Boo.
Moving onto middle school…
Futaba pauses.
Fuck, nothing again?
She groans. This is getting really weird. Who the hell did Akechi pay off to have his entire
history banished from the face of the earth?
She glares at the screen. Alright then, if so much of it is gone, what can she find?

Not a lot. The most she can get is a certificate acknowledging Akechi’s status as an
emancipated minor, which he got a hold of at fifteen, coinciding with his first year of high
school.
Great.
She slides unceremoniously down her chair, until she’s half on the floor and staring at her
ceiling.
Why on earth would someone like Akechi want his past completely inaccessible to anyone
who would think to look?
Actually, stupid question. He’s basically an idol, and those guys need to be spotless to avoid
some kinda scandal where people poke at things that don’t concern them.
The confusing part is why Akechi needed so much of his past erased. A whole lotta
questions, which thanks to pretty boy over there, Futaba can’t find answers to.
She pouts at the ceiling. This is just like when she went looking for her mom’s researchWait.
Actually, it’s exactly like when she went looking for her mom’s research.
Futaba jumps back into her chair with a speed she didn’t think was possible from her twig
body.
Okay, maybe it’s not exactly like how all her mom’s stuff went poof, but the fact that both
chunks of information just evaporated sets off all the alarm bells in her head.
She huffs in frustration. It’s suspicious, sure, but the nature of the thing means that she can’t
actually link the two cases with absolute certainty. She just has to sit and stew with all her
conspiracy theories. Ugh.
Maybe not alone though.
Before she can properly register what she’s doing, Futaba hits the call button on Makoto’s
contact.
“Futaba…?” Makoto’s sleep-tinged voice crackles through after the line picks up, “…It’s
midnight.”
Whoops. “Sorry, Queen.” Futaba drawls out, not actually that sorry.
Makoto gives the patented Niijima sigh, “It’s fine- just, what do you need?”
Futaba shuffles into her chair to make herself more comfortable, “So, how long have you
known our resident detective?”

“Akechi?” Makoto asks sceptically, “I met him sometime last year, when he started working
with my sister more. Why?”
Futaba scowls, “Damn.” She mutters, “I was hoping you’d’ve known him for years, or
something.”
“…Why?” Makoto repeats after a beat, and Futaba prepares herself for a scolding.
She laughs sheepishly, “I, uh, took a peek at his records?”
“Futaba.”
“It’s for a good reason!” Futaba insists quickly, “Ann wasn’t wrong when she said the more
we know ‘bout him the more we can stop him from dying!”
Makoto doesn’t say anything, but she sounds disappointed anyway. “I’m not sure if
breaching the privacy of the detective we only barely managed to convince to join us is a
good idea.”
Point. She’s wrong, though. “But I found something really good!” Futaba almost shouts, and
then quickly lowers her voice when she remembers that Sojiro is probably asleep.
Makoto huffs, “What did you find?”
“Nothing at all!” Futaba says proudly, and then withers when she can hear the unimpressed
sigh coming from her phone. “I mean,” She backtracks, “I found nothing, which is code for
there used to be something.”
There’s a pause, “…You mean his records have been wiped?”
“Ding ding ding!” Futaba announces, “Not just wiped, though. That’d be too suspicious. He’s
got fake parents in his family registry, and I can’t find anything on him before he got
emancipated.”
“Fake parents?” Makoto asks incredulously, “You mean they made up random people to
replace Akechi-kun’s actual family history?”
“Yup.” Futaba says, popping the ‘p’, “Super sus. Makes you wonder who his actual parents
are.”
“I mean, I know he’s an orphan…” Makoto says quietly, “Maybe- I don’t know if he actually
has an agent, or anything, but maybe someone wanted to make sure that nothing in his past
could be scrutinised too harshly,” Her voice grows steadily more bitter, “You know how the
media is- and Akechi is both a detective and a borderline idol, so...”
“Yeah…” Futaba mumbles, “That could definitely be part of it.” She shifts uncomfortably,
trying not to let her mind wander, “But I thought about it, and the way everything was just…
gone?” Makoto makes a hum for her to continue, “It really reminded me of how all my
mom’s stuff is gone from the net, too.”

Makoto pauses again, “That’s…” She starts.
“It sure is.” Futaba drawls sardonically, “I dunno if it actually means anything, I just wanted
to tell someone.”
“Thank you for letting me know.” Makoto says, “But, why not tell Ren?”
“Uh, duh.” Futaba rolls her eyes, “We just got done being a dick to him for being friends with
Akechi. I don’t wanna do all that again.”
"You just don't want to tell him that you went behind his back." Makoto huffs, which Futaba
thinks is kind of uncalled for. Then she sighs, sounding a little guilty, “But I guess you're
right.”
“I should have stood up for him, or something.” Futaba mumbles, mostly to herself, sinking
into her chair, “It’s super obvious that Ren cares about him, and I just kinda…” She trails off.
Makoto sighs, “You shouldn’t feel bad, Futaba. I’m the one who pushed too hard.”
“Yeah.” Futaba agrees easily, a small grin curling onto her face, laughing at the scandalised
whine on the other end of the line.
“Anyway.” Makoto says, “I’m… honestly not quite sure what to do with this information.”
“It could be nothing.” Futaba says quickly, “It’s probably just a PR thing like you said.” She
picks at her nails, “The best way to find out more about Akechi is to talk to him, I guess.”
Makoto laughs slightly, “I’m not sure he’d respond well to an interrogation.”
“Not like that,” Futaba whines, “Like…” Her voice gets a bit smaller, “Being his friend, or
something?”
“Trying to, um,” Makoto falters, “Level up?”
Well, she tried. “Yup.” Futaba says flatly, “Exactly that.”
“Well, good luck.”
“You’re not gonna join me in this quest?” Futaba says, probably a little too eager.
“He doesn’t make it easy.” Makoto mutters.
Futaba deflates, “Damn, okay. Guess this’ll be a toughie, then.”
“I’m sure he’ll be nice to you.” Makoto says in a tone that implies exactly what she’ll do to
Akechi should he be a jerk, “I just think we don’t get along.”
Futaba snickers, “Me, better at something than the almighty Queen? I never thought I’d see
the day.”
“You’re better than me at plenty of things.” Makoto points out, sounding slightly perplexed.

“Eh, let me gloat.” Futaba shrugs to herself.
Makoto laughs slightly, “You do that.” She hums, “Well, good luck, I guess. You can let me
know if you find anything else.”
“Yep!” Futaba nods enthusiastically, “Oh, and remember, don’t tell Ren!”
Makoto sighs, sounding defeated, “I won’t.”
***
“Huh…” Sumire mumbles as Goro finishes explaining everything that has happened with the
Phantom Thieves over the past few days.
“I didn’t mean to slip in regards to Haru-san’s situation.” Goro grumbles to himself, “But
now that I have, they’re never going to let this go.”
Haru raises her hands placatingly, “It’s alright, Goro-kun. I’m sure they would have wanted
to target my father even without knowledge of my predicament.” She sighs, “It’s unfortunate
how determined they are, though…”
“Is there really nothing we can do?” Sumire asks weakly.
“We may have to move the goal posts.” Goro says lowly, head ducked in consideration.
“It seems that way.” Haru huffs lightly, “But we really don’t have much space to move them
to.”
Sumire bites her lip, glancing around the fleshy décor of Mementos. Haru’s right- there are
too many spinning plates and not enough time. Their best bet was just hoping the thieves
didn’t take the bait, but now that they have…
Sumire wonders if Goro has given any more consideration to asking the thieves for help.
“No matter.” Goro waves a dismissive hand, and Sumire figures that he’s avoiding thinking
about it, actually, “We’ll have to think of something, but sitting around twiddling our thumbs
isn’t equivocal to progress.”
Sumire nods, “Right… are we still going to go into Sugimura’s palace?” She tugs on her
gloves, “It seems a little redundant if the thieves are going to solve the problem by changing
your dad’s heart anyway.” She nods to Haru.
Haru tilts her head, then shakes it, “No, I think we should still go ahead with it.” She taps a
finger to her chin, “On the off chance that we manage to stop the thieves from changing my
father’s heart, then we’ll want to have a safety net to fall back on just in case, right?” She
flushes, “If that’s okay, of course!”
“It is.” Goro says sharply, “We’ll start on your fiancé’s palace, then.” He frowns, “Any idea
as to the keywords?”

Sumire dutifully takes out her phone, and looks to Haru sheepishly, “Um, what was his full
name, again?”
Haru giggles behind her hand, then leans forward to speak clearly into the receiver, “Haruto
Sugimura.”
Candidate found. The Nav chirps.
Goro leans back, “Haru-san, you know him the best.”
“Unfortunately.” She quips.
“Unfortunately,” Goro agrees, “Where do you think his distortion might be?”
Haru presses her lips together, “Um…” She hums, and leans forward again, “Okumura Foods
penthouse?”
No candidates found. The Nav declares.
“That’s where I live.” Haru offers as an explanation.
Sumire tilts her head, “He wants you to move in with him, right?” Haru nods slowly,
understanding dawning on her face.
“Haruto Sugimura’s apartment.” Haru says into the receiver.
Candidate found. The Nav says, and Haru smiles brightly.
“Okay!” She clasps her hands together, and looks to Goro, “What next?”
“The distortion itself.” Goro says primly, “Any ideas?”
Sumire frowns. She really doesn’t know much about Haru’s fiancé, other than the clear
implication that he sucks.
Haru makes a face, “…A castle…?”
No candidates found.
Goro tilts his head, “That might be on the right track, though.” He continues when they give
him questioning looks, “A castle is often a symbol of control. Given what we know about
Sugimura and his actions in regard to Haru-san, I would say that control is likely a core
aspect of the distortion.”
Sumire nods, “That makes sense.” She presses her lips together. Control, huh?
“A… school?” Sumire tries, unconfident.
No candidates found.
She shrugs, and Haru leans forward to take a crack.

“A government office?” She says.
No candidates found.
“Maybe we’re being too broad…” Sumire mumbles. This is a lot harder than she thought it
would be. Gone are the days when she stumbled into Maruki’s palace by pure coincidence.
Goro hums, “Our guesses so far have been places where people hold power, but they’re not
delusional enough.” He taps a finger to his chin, “Where is a place that is inherently a place
of control, rather than just holding an implication?”
Haru’s face falls, and something looks to have clicked. “A garden,” She says solemnly into
Sumire’s phone.
Candidate found. Return to the real world to begin navigation.
Sumire grimaces. There are… a lot of implications she could draw from that distortion based
on what little she knows about Sugimura.
“Ugh.” Goro spits, face twisting, “I fucking hate the palaces of these sex-obsessed creeps.”
He sneers, “I shudder to think what Kamoshida’s looked like.”
Haru grimaces. Sumire feels distaste claw up her throat, “I wasn’t there for long, but I
remember a lot of statues of, um,” She stutters on the least vulgar way to describe it, “Naked
women?”
Haru’s lip curls even further, and Goro scoffs, “Disgusting.”
“Well, we’re going to destroy the place, aren’t we?” Haru says cheerily, pasting a bright and
mildly unsettling smile over her previous expression.
“Indeed we are.” Goro says darkly, standing up, “Shall we head to check the place out?”
Haru nods, dusting off her pants, “His apartment is in centre Shibuya, so we’re not too far
away.”
Sumire nods, and stands to join them.
Well, at least a garden might be pretty to look at.
***
The garden is not particularly pretty to look at.
There’s something… off, when the world shifts, and Sumire finds herself again in the
Metaverse. The garden itself is a sky garden, suspended above the clouds and bathed in
heavenly lights. It should be beautiful, Sumire thinks, and yet there’s something simmering
under the surface, something slimy and rotting, and she thinks that the pretty view could
flake away like paint chips if she looks too long.

Haru seems equally disturbed, lips pursed and unable to properly mask her distaste.
Goro just looks like he’s itching to wreak some havoc, and Sumire is inclined to agree.
“Wait.” Sumire says suddenly, remembering something.
The other two whip around to look at her, clearly expecting something a lot more alarming
than what Sumire is about to say.
“Uh.” Sumire starts under the sudden attention, “Goro, you just joined the thieves.”
Goro narrows his eyes, “…Yes?”
“So,” Sumire continues, a grin curling her lips, “Did they give you a codename?”
Haru tilts her head, looking curious, while Goro sighs, “I take that you want us to adopt a
similar tactic?”
Sumire nods eagerly.
“Codenames?” Haru finally speaks up.
“To avoid any adverse effects of shouting our real names in what is essentially someone’s
head.” Goro explains.
“And because they sound cool.” Sumire adds, helpfully.
Haru giggles, then her eyes widen, “If we were all part of the thieves last timeline, then did
we have codenames then, too?”
“We did!” Sumire nods, and turns to Goro, “Do you have the same one?”
“How am I supposed to know?” Goro snips, scowling, “I find the likelihood of a stupid
codename being the same between timelines, when they’re completely arbitrary, to be very
low-”
“Is your codename Crow?” Sumire cuts across.
Goro scowls even harder.
Haru giggles, “I guess it just suits you!”
Crow rolls his eyes. “Whatever.” He mumbles, and turns to Sumire, “Well? What about
you?”
“My name was Violet.” Sumire smiles, “Since, um, y’know- ‘Sumire’?”
“What was mine?” Haru asks eagerly.
“You were Noir.” Sumire says, “Um, I’m not quite sure why, actually. You joined way before
I did, and I never asked.”

“Noir…” Haru murmurs, then smiles brightly, “I love it! I think it fits.”
Crow sighs, “If we’re done, then. Shall we get to scouting?”
Noir nods, “How much progress should we try to make?”
“Not much.” Crow says, walking forward, “There are three of us, which is more than I’m
used to, but our group is still rather small. We need to make sure we aren’t overwhelmed
before we can get a feel for the strength of the shadows in this palace. Violet,” He says, and
Sumire brightens at the familiar name being used once again, “We’re here to change
Sugimura’s heart. You’re a little more familiar on those proceedings.”
“Right,” Sumire nods, “We basically need to find the treasure and carve a clear path to it, so
that we have easy access once we send the calling card.”
“I take that you’ve never fully secured a route before, given you ran out of time with
Maruki.” Crow muses, mostly to himself, and Sumire winces.
“Y-yes.” She stutters, remembering her lie.
“How will we know where to find the treasure?” Noir asks.
Crow tilts his head, “…I think I can sense… something, deeper in the palace.” He shrugs, “It
remains to be seen whether it’s the treasure, though.”
“It probably is,” Sumire says reassuringly, “Morgana and Futaba could sense something
similar.”
“We’ll see.” Crow says, before stopping abruptly. Sumire freezes, and she sees Noir do the
same.
Crow moves, suddenly, pressing himself against an enormous planter box, holding gigantic
ferns all neatly arranged in a line. Sumire and Noir dash to join him, and Sumire peeks her
head out to follow Crow’s line of sight.
He juts his chin out to gesture to a shadow. “We’ll get a taste tester of what to expect here.”
He whispers, “On three.”
He holds out a gauntleted hand, counting down three fingers as he slowly draws his sword.
Noir’s axe quietly scrapes against the ground, and Sumire hovers her hand over her gun.
“Now!” Crow shouts, leaping forward. He digs his serrated sword underneath the shadow’s
mask, and tears it off in a spray of black ooze. He leaps back as Sumire and Noir flank,
falling into a familiar formation.
Three shadows form from the body of the one, twitching into shape. Two blue-ish grey
shadows with clearly jointed parts, rotating at random, and an elephant-looking shadow with
one wide eye all leer down.

“I recognise these,” Crow calls out with a manic grin, “Noir, you’re up! Hit ‘em with
psychokinesis!”
Noir’s smile grows, matching Crow’s expression, “With pleasure!” She says cheerily,
reaching for her mask.
“Milady!” She shouts, “Mapsio!”
Jagged purples and pinks blink and spasm across the battlefield, and Sumire feels the urge to
avert her eyes, blinking rapidly to clear the flash. The two blue-grey shadows topple over
with a distorted cry, while the other remains unphased by the attack.
“Violet!” Crow shouts, “That last one is weak to bless!”
Sumire nods firmly, dashing closer to Noir, who still has advantage over the battlefield. Noir
seems to get the idea, slapping their palms together with a bright smile as she rushes past
Sumire to trade their places.
Sumire gives her a grateful nod, and reaches for her mask. “Ella! Kougaon!”
The final shadow goes down, and they rush to surround them.
Crow grins, lazily aiming his gun, “Noir, did you know that Violet has been holding out on
us?”
Sumire tilts her head, confused, as Noir hefts her grenade launcher into place, “Oh?” She
asks.
“She never deigned to mention a certain attack we can do once we have our enemies
surrounded.” He continues, and Sumire’s eyes widen in understanding, a smile growing on
her face.
“Sorry, Crow.” Sumire laughs performatively as the shadows cower on the ground, “It must
have slipped my mind.”
“No harm done.” Crow unsheathes his sword, and cackles, “Let’s slaughter ‘em!”
Sumire jumps into the fray, Noir close behind. They all dash, leap, slice, shoot, claw, kick,
and slash their way into the shadows, carving out chunks of black ooze and shadowy whisps
from their forms. Sumire leaps back as Noir sends out one final grenade, and they all skid
back into place, panting, the shadows thoroughly obliterated.
Crow huffs, “Well. Not so bad.”
Noir laughs, sounding out of breath, “That was quite fun!”
“Yeah…” Sumire breathes, unable to fully contain her bright grin.
(In Akechi’s mind, he feels the Fool grow to its fifth rank, and he smirks.)

Noir turns to Crow, “How difficult do you think this palace will be, based on that?”
Crow tilts his head, considering, “I’d say it’s of a similar strength to your father’s palace,
actually. In regard to the shadows, at least.”
Haru furrows her brow, “What other things are there to measure it?”
“Puzzles.” Sumire chimes in with a slight shudder, remembering the maze of coloured lights
at the end of Maruki’s palace.
Haru frowns, “Oh.” She opens and closes her mouth, “Huh?”
Crow shrugs, “Something about the mind’s natural defences, I’m sure. It just so happens to
manifest in this way.”
A look of resignation passes across Haru’s face, “Oh well. Let’s just hope they’re easy…?”
Sumire sighs, “I hope so…” She rubs the back of her neck sheepishly, “I’m… not very good
at puzzles, honestly.”
Haru waves a hand, “Don’t worry, Violet, I can pick up the slack! I’m quite fond of puzzles.”
She laughs, “And we have a detective.”
“I suppose I’ll lend my assistance.” Crow deadpans.
Sumire laughs, and then frowns, “Oh… Crow, you’re going to have to go through two
palaces at once, huh?”
He waves a hand dismissively, “It’s fine. I have the thieves for Okumura’s and you two for
this one, it won’t be too taxing.”
“Still,” Noir cuts in, “We’ll make sure to not schedule any infiltrations for the days when you
have to make progress with the thieves.”
Crow pauses, and then eventually gives a small nod, “Appreciated.”
Sumire smiles, clapping her hands together, “Shall we head back?”
The other two nod, and they make their way to return to the real world.
***
The day after their initial scout into Sugimura’s palace, Akechi wanders central street with a
rare stint of free time.
It takes his entire pool of willpower not to break the arm of the person who’s just placed a
hand on his shoulder.
She must notice how Akechi stiffens, and Takamaki quickly whips her hand away, “Sorry!”
She says cheerfully, not sounding that sorry, “That must’ve been kind’ve a shock, huh?”

Akechi smooths out his features, “Ha,” He laughs pleasantly, “Not at all, Takamaki-san, you
just surprised me.”
Takamaki frowns in confusion, “Isn’t that what I just said, though…?” She mumbles to
herself. She shakes her head, and brightens again, “Anyway, now that I’ve got you here…”
She starts, a devious glint to her eyes.
Akechi bites back a grimace, “I’m afraid I’m rather busy, Takamaki-san, so if you could
make this quick…?”
“Liar. You were meandering. Not the look of someone with someplace to be.” She calls him
out immediately. Damn. “Also, ew, call me Ann.”
“Ann-san.” Akechi obliges, getting the sinking feeling that he has entirely missed how much
of a force of nature this woman is. He forces himself not to scowl at the situation he’s found
himself in, “What is it that you wanted?”
“Well!” Ann claps her hands together, “How do you like crêpes?”
“They’re fine.” Akechi says flatly.
Ann hums, “Mmm, what about pancakes?”
“I have no strong opinions.” Akechi sighs, “Ann-san, I’m honestly not the biggest fan of
sweets-”
Ann gasps scandalously, “What?! But you keep talking about how big a sweet tooth you have
on TV!”
“And no one has ever lied on television.” Akechi deadpans.
Ann pouts, “Well, you’re gonna have to lie some more. I want crêpes.”
Akechi gets the feeling that there’s no way out of whatever this woman wants.
Ann gives giant puppy-dog eyes when Akechi doesn’t respond, “Please…?”
Akechi manages to win the battle with his face to not scowl, “If you insist.” He says primly.
Maybe this will be quick.
“Great!” Ann cheers, giving a smile with the force of the sun. “There’s a really good place
just over here,” She grabs Akechi by the arm, “I’ve gone there with Makoto a few times, and
she’s super picky and even she says it’s super good, so-”
Somewhere in the middle of Ann’s ramblings, Akechi manages to snatch his arm back. Ann
barely seems to notice, clearly confident that Akechi will follow.
She practically skids to a halt in front of the crêperie, already scanning up and down the
menu with a fierce intensity.

“If you’ve been here so often, surely you needn’t glare holes into the menu?” Akechi asks
weakly.
Ann snaps out of her reverie, “Oh,” She turns to look at him, “No, I already know what I’m
getting. I just wanted to see what the least sweet option was- since you don’t like sweet
stuff.”
“Oh.” Akechi says, eloquently. He’s surprised for some reason. A ridiculous thought,
considering he revealed that fact about himself less than two minutes ago.
Ann is already back to glaring daggers at the menu, “Hmm…” She tilts her head, “Do you
like coffee?”
“I’ve been known to partake.” Akechi says blandly.
Ann shoots him an exasperated look, but nods anyway. “Coffee toppings it is!” She bolts off
to order, and Akechi sincerely hopes this crêpe isn’t going to be the same level of… intense
that the ones depicted around the shop are.
When Ann returns with the crêpes, Akechi is somewhat relieved to see that his own is topped
rather modestly. Ann’s, meanwhile, looks more than structurally unsound.
“How much do I owe you?” Akechi asks as Ann passes him the crêpe.
Ann blinks, “Huh? Oh, no,” She shakes her head furiously, “I’m the one who dragged you
out here! I’ll spot you.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, but chooses not to push. If she chooses to waive the debt, it’s her
loss.
“Why did you drag me out here?” He chooses to ask instead.
Ann nearly chokes on the giant bite of crêpe that she had shoved in her mouth in her haste to
answer. She holds up a hand, quickly chewing and swallowing. “Well,” She says once she
can, still sounding a bit choked, “You’re part of the team now, right?”
“…Yes?” Akechi says slowly.
Ann looks exasperated, “So, we’re friends.”
Akechi smiles blandly, “Are we, now?”
Ann gives a cheery smile, “Yup!”
“That’s rather…” Akechi pauses. “Presumptuous.” He settles on saying.
Ann smirks, “Sure, but we can’t be friends if we don’t hang out. Plus I bought you a crêpe.
How is that not friendship material?”

Ah. So this is an ambush. Akechi probably should have noticed around the time Ann started
physically dragging him places.
“Is there something you needed, Ann-san?” Akechi decides to cut to the chase.
The smirk fades from Ann’s face, “…Huh? I- no. I just don’t know you very well, and I
wanted to fix that.”
Akechi narrows his eyes. Either he has a propensity for meeting incredibly skilled actors or
people who are sickeningly genuine.
He’s seen Ann’s attempts at acting. The latter, then. He isn’t sure if that’s worse.
“I see.” Akechi eventually says, and Ann brightens again.
“Sooo,” She leans in, “Anything interesting happen lately?”
“Aside from stumbling into another world and being strongarmed into joining a group of
vigilantes?” Akechi says in a mockery of his interview affectations, and Ann nods
enthusiastically.
“Yeah,” She swallows another mouthful of crêpe, “I mean, you’re a celebrity- ‘magical
otherworld’ can’t be the most interesting thing to happen to you.”
Akechi genuinely can’t tell if she’s joking. “I’m sorry to disappoint.” He says, tacking on a
pleasant smile.
“Boo.” Ann heckles, but she doesn’t actually sound that upset, “But, anyway, are you excited
to start working with us?”
“I suppose I’m interested.” Akechi concedes, “Perhaps a little concerned. I’m aware that your
group isn’t particularly fond of me.”
Ann frowns, “Oh, um…” She laughs awkwardly, “Most of us were kinda neutral, actually.
But since you didn’t arrest us, and Ren likes you, and you managed to get Mona to like you,
I’d say we’re feeling pretty positive!”
“Really.” Akechi intones dryly.
“Really!” Ann insists. The devious smirk again, “But you and Ren are pretty close, huh?”
Akechi wonders idly where this is coming from, and resigns himself to the whims of
wherever Ann wishes to take this conversation. “I suppose. I doubt I’m as close to him as you
all are, though.”
“I dunno,” Ann says through another mouthful of crêpe, “He seems to like you a lot. Like, a
lot a lot.”
“Really?” Akechi says in a way that he hopes is nonchalant.

“Uh, yeah,” Ann scoffs, like it’s obvious, “Isn’t it obvious?”
Apparently so.
“I suppose I’ve never put much thought into it.” Akechi lies. He finds himself thinking about
it a lot, much to his chagrin.
Ann snorts like she sees right through him, “Sure.” She crumples the wrapping of her nowfinished crêpe in her hand, “Well, enough boy talk. You don’t have anything to worry about
when we have our first infiltration tomorrow. And if anyone gives you shit, just sic me on
‘em! Or Ren.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, taking another bite of his crêpe, “I’m sure I can stand up for
myself, Ann-san.”
Ann waves a hand, “Sure, but sometimes it feels good to let someone else do it, y’know?”
Akechi raises his other eyebrow, bemused,
And isn’t surprised when the world cracksI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Sun arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of rebellion,
and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Well, it isn’t the first time he’s been effectively ambushed into friendship.
“So, was it good?” Ann asks, gesturing eagerly to the now-finished crêpe in Akechi’s hands.
“It was.” Akechi says, genuinely.
“Free food always tastes better, huh?” She asks slyly, and Akechi can’t quite stop his snort in
time. Ann just grins even wider.
“Well, you’ve probably got other stuff to be doing.” Ann says, tossing her crêpe wrapper in a
nearby bin, Akechi following suit, “It was fun hanging out today, Akechi-kun!”
“Likewise.” Akechi says automatically.
Ann gives a cheerful wave, “See you tomorrow!” And jogs off to who knows where.
Akechi sighs, and finally lets himself scowl.
He has no idea what mask to use around these people.

Chapter End Notes

Sugimura's palace is still a go! Unfortunately, for everyone involved.
The presence of public records within Japan (the Koseki, I believe?) is something that
I'm sure would make Akechi's life more difficult. I of course know shit about shit when
it comes to these records- but I sincerely doubt Akechi would allow for his actual record
to stand unaltered, for myriad reasons- his status as a celebrity being a big one. I would
say Shido, but I also sincerely doubt that Akechi would have had the means to alter his
records before meeting Shido and his contacts.
As for how and when he made some adjustments? (And how he avoided Shido's
scrutiny) eh, it'll come up later.
And so begins "Be thankful Morgana isn't breathing down your neck anymore, Akechi"
Because hoo boy he'll need more than two time slots in a day to get through all the stuff
he has to do. Wildcards would be more effective if they just didn't sleep. Or if they didn't
consider their entire afternoon gone after talking with someone for twenty minutes.
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! There's a lot of them, huh?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 6
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 5
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 5
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 1
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 6
___
Ann: So basically I just want to be your friend!
Akechi: Sounds fake but okay

Chapter 36
Chapter Summary

Thievery, justice, and lies.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren tries to look as inconspicuous as possible, as all eight thieves cram into a corner of the
plaza outside the Okumura Foods HQ. A difficult task, considering they’re quite the colourful
bunch, but Ren thinks they’re doing pretty well.
His eyes dart around checking for any lingering gazes from any passers-by, and he takes out
his phone.
“Everyone ready?” He asks, and he gets a round of nods and murmurs of confirmation.
“Kunikazu Okumura,” He starts, “Okumura Foods HQ,” He pauses, “Space station.”
The world shifts and warps, and Ren feels the familiar weight of his mask replace his glasses,
shoving his hands into the pockets of his coat.
“Alrighty,” Futaba starts, already whisking herself away into Necronomicon, “We got
blocked by a door last time we went in, how ‘bout you guys?” She turns to Morgana and
Akechi.
Akechi hums, the tilt to his head looking especially bird-like with the addition of his mask, “I
can’t say I entirely recall. But it can’t have been too far.”
“I don’t remember a door…” Morgana mumbles, “So we probably didn’t make it that far.”
“Gotcha.” Futaba says, “We haven’t found a map yet or anything, so I’ll do my best with
scanning-”
As she talks, Ren wanders over to the blue prison door in the corner of the palace entrance.
Justine looks up from her clipboard, “Inmate.” She addresses him flatly, “Do you require our
service?”
“Uh,” Ren starts, mentally flipping through the personas he has on stock, “…Not sure? Are
there any more of the advanced fusions available?”

“There have been no new additions to the repertoire of fusions we offer since you last
visited.” She says, her one eye narrowing.
Right. Which would have beenAbout two weeks ago, Ren thinks with some surprise. Longer than he usually goes without
visiting the Velvet Room- especially given how much has been happening lately. Ren thinks
they haven’t called him in since Hawaii.
Oh.
“Hey, uh, Justine,” Ren says awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck, “Igor have any
messages?”
Justine tilts her head, “No. Why?”
“Usually he has something to say when someone new awakens a persona. And when we start
infiltrating a new palace.” And when Ren has weird visions and gets weird arcana- but he’s a
little spottier on those.
“Our master has nothing of note to relay to you.” Justine repeats, voice even more monotone
than usual, “If you require something, you may ask him yourself.”
“Okay…” Ren presses his lips together.
Maybe Igor didn’t notice when Ren had a wildly vivid dream about possibly the future. Well,
Ren’s not about to spill if he didn’t.
“See you later, Justine.” Ren gives a short wave, and the girl rolls her eye and mutters
something under her breath.
Ren turns back to the thieves, most of whom are chatting amongst themselves as they wait.
Ren frowns slightly as he sees Akechi eyeing a patch of seemingly nothing, opposite from
where the door to the Velvet Room is.
“What are you looking at?” Ren asks, in a way he hopes is nonchalant as he sidles up to
Akechi.
Akechi jumps slightly, blinking, “Nothing in particular,” He says smoothly, “Just lost in
thought.”
“Oh.” Ren tugs at his bangs, “What about?”
Akechi gives a bright smile, “Mostly why you were spacing out in a corner, but I suppose you
can do as you please as the leader?”
That startles a laugh out of Ren, “Yep. Sorry, leader privileges.” His smile fades slightly as he
fully notices what Akechi just said, “…You noticed I was spacing out?”

“Hm?” Akechi raises his eyebrows, “Well, you were standing in a corner not interacting with
anyone.”
Ren laughs stiltedly, “Yeah, I guess that would be pretty obvious.”
It should be, but none of the other thieves have ever given any indication that they notice
when Ren goes to manage his personas. Maybe Akechi noticed because Ren didn’t actually
go into the Velvet Room? The excuse sounds weak even in his own head.
“Anyway,” Ren shakes his head, and lets his face split into a wide grin, “You wanna be on
the front lines, Crow?”
Akechi gives a sharp smirk, “It would be my pleasure, Joker.”
Ren feels almost giddy as he nods, “Great.” He turns to the rest of the team, “Let’s get
moving. Queen, Skull, you’re up.”
Ryuji gives a thumbs up, Makoto giving a nod, as they both fall into step with Ren and
Akechi.
Futaba’s voice echoes in his head, “Alright, I’ve got all the stuff up to that big door mapped,
plus the easiest route through it.” There’s the sound of keys clacking, “The security level has
gone down from whatever the hell Crow did to these poor shadows, but it’s still pretty tight.”
“Apologies…” Akechi says, looking slightly sheepish.
Ren shoots him a small grin, and tugs on the lever controlling the elevator.
They reach the lower floor, Ren leading them through the hallways, sticking to corners and
shaded areas, eyeing up the robotic shadows that pass with his third eye, taking in their
strength and trying to make a decision.
His eyes land on a lone shadow ambling down an otherwise empty hallway. It doesn’t look
too strong, from what Ren can tell. Perfect target practice.
Ren tilts his head back slightly to smirk at Akechi, “Ready?” He whispers.
Akechi narrows his eyes impatiently, “Get on with it.” He hisses back.
Ren chuckles under his breath, and leaps out to flip onto the shadow’s back. It yelps in
confusion, and Ren digs his dagger underneath its mask, tearing it off in a spray of black.
The front-line team surrounds the four spinning star shadows that bubble into shape, pressing
their advantage.
“Oh ho!” Futaba cackles from above, “A bunch of weaklings, ambushed, and weak to
physical? This’ll be a piece of cake!”
“What’cha got, Crow?” Ren calls over his shoulder, aiming his gun at the shadows to keep
them in place.

“All out? Or something more strategic?” The other asks, unsheathing his sabre.
“Uh?” Ren blinks, “Yeah, go for all out.”
Akechi grins, reaching for his mask. “Robin Hood!” He shouts, and a giant, built, avianesque spectre materialises behind him. He narrows his eyes, “Megidola!”
A bright, white-blue, mass of energy crashes onto the battlefield. Ren gets a whiff of ozone,
blinking out the light imprinted on his retinas.
Only one shadow managed to tank the hit, spinning weakly, which Ryuji unceremoniously
thwacks with his shotgun, and it disintegrates as well.
“Huh.” Ren blinks, “Nice.”
Akechi frowns at Ren’s reaction.
“Uh,” He rushes to say more, “That was- pretty amazing. Nice one, Crow.” He shoots Akechi
a small smile, who raises an eyebrow as his mask burns back onto his face.
“Told’ya he was good.” Morgana pipes up, bounding over to Ren with a wide grin.
Ryuji whistles, kicking at the half-melted charred shadow corpses, “Damn.”
Makoto sighs, “Are we going to move on…?”
Ren waves a hand, and bounds back into a cover point, the front-line following suit and the
reserves rushing back for some more distant hiding places.
“I’m not going to be able to do that every time, by the way.” Akechi whispers.
“I’ll save you some SP restoratives.” Ren shoots back.
Ren avoids any other fights as they make their way back to where the door was, the scrolling
text of ‘biometric lock’ hovering innocently above the blockage.
Ren scans the room for shadows, and when he finds none, strides up to the door as smoothly
as he can.
Hey, maybe if he believes that the door will open for him enough, it will. Cognitive world, or
something.
The door does not open.
Access denied flashes overhead, and Ren huffs. “Oracle?” He calls up.
“Workin’ on it.” She tsks, “Alright, good news and bad news.”
“Hit me.” Ren says, tapping at the door again.

“Good news, trying the door doesn’t raise the security, even if your access is denied.” Ren
abruptly stops tapping at the door. “Bad news, it looks like this is definitely a cognitive lock
situation. I don’t think there’s a traditional puzzle solution inside the palace.”
Ren frowns.
“So, like Madarame’s palace, huh?” Ann chimes in, walking forward. Access denied, the door
signals again, “Does that mean we’re going to have to find a way to talk to the real
Okumura?”
“Hopefully not…” Yusuke mutters darkly, stepping forward. Access denied, the door flashes,
seeming almost passive aggressive at this point.
Makoto hums, shrugging and stepping forward herself, “Could we… hack the computers in
Okumura Foods? Flash our logo everywhere to push the cognition that the ‘Phantom Thieves
can get into anywhere?’” Access denied.
“Oh, yeah!” Ryuji says as he takes a crack at the door. Access denied. “That’d be sick! And,
d’you think that’d work for other guys too?”
“Like in other palaces?” Futaba asks, dropping down from Necronomicon. Access denied. “I
guess if we pushed the idea hard enough, yeah. It’d be a piece of cake for me.”
Akechi sighs, “Need I remind you that we have suspicions about Okumura’s knowledge of
the Metaverse? Getting his attention in the real world is reckless and ill-advised.” He takes a
step forward, seemingly for posterity’s sake.
The door shoots open. Access granted! It chimes.
Akechi looks bewildered. “Oh.”
Futaba stares. “Or we could do that.”
“Why do you have access?” Morgana says, looking frantically between Akechi and the nowopen door.
Akechi’s face twists in confusion, “Perhaps Haru-san has mentioned me to her father
before…?”
“Do you think that would be enough?” Makoto asks sceptically, “Just… being friends with
his daughter?”
“Unlikely.” Akechi agrees, “Though…”
Ren tilts his head, “Got another idea?”
Akechi sighs, “I’ve been to a few business dinners where Okumura has also attended in the
past.” He narrows his eyes at the door, “I suppose that may have been enough for the man to
consider me ‘part of his circle’, if that’s what this door is checking for.”

Ann claps her hands together cheerfully, “Does it really matter if the doors open? Now we
can get through without any of that extra stuff!”
Futaba shrugs, allowing Necronomicon to pull her back up, “Works for me.” She says
lackadaisically.
“Let’s move.” Ren nods, signalling to fall back into formation, still reeling slightly from the
easy solution.
“Good thing you’re here, huh?” Ren shoots another smile to Akechi, who huffs and rolls his
eyes.
“As opposed to you drawing the ire of an extremely powerful businessman? Yes, clearly it’s a
good thing I’m here.” He says dryly.
Ren laughs, and begins walking through the door into the unexplored hallways.
Futaba warns them from above that she can’t find a map for this area, and that she’s only able
to record the palace as they explore it. That’s fine, Ren thinks. Well, mostly. It does mean that
they’ll have to traipse through the palace blindly until they can find a map.
Ren only takes on the easier fights for now- he’s yet to run into any shadows that ping his
sense for danger too much, but he’d rather not overexert the team while they’re just getting
started.
At the end of one fight, though, after Ryuji downs all the moth-looking shadows with a burst
of lightning, he doesn’t call for an all-out-attack.
Ren points his gun at the shadow trembling in the middle, “Lend me your power.” He says,
lowly, injecting as much authority into the demand as he is capable.
“What’s in it for me, human?” The shadow hisses.
Ren can feel Akechi’s curious gaze on the back of his neck.
“Oh, y’know.” Ren cracks a grin, “Dental. Healthcare. A bonus, too, if you put in the work.”
“You’re not funny, human.” The shadow snaps.
Ren disagrees, but he thinks that might not be what the shadow is looking for.
Ryuji raises his gun a little higher up the shadow’s body, “Think about where you are, man.”
The shadow trembles some more, “Fine.” It grumbles.
“How about this,” Ren tilts his head, letting his face fall into calm neutrality, “If you join me,
you get to live. Sound good?”
“You drive a hard bargain.” The shadow growls, “Ah!” It gasps, “I remember now. I am
thou, thou art I, my name is Mothman.”

The shadow glows, and shifts into the shape of Ren’s mask, flying forward. Ren feels
Mothman settle warmly amongst his other personas, Arsène rustling to make room.
“Persona get!” Futaba cheers from above.
“Impressive.” Akechi drawls out, and Ren fights the blush threatening to creep up his face.
He swallows, “Let’s keep going.” He ducks back into a corner, avoiding the sight of another
shadow creeping down the hallway.
There’s a breathy laugh, andRen can’t say it doesn’t feel good to show off, given the circumstances. Blackmail, and all.
His own flashiness only seems to provoke the other to one-up him, though- but Ren can’t say
that’s really something he minds.
They round a corner, and the other winks, nodding towards a powerful shadow in their path.
Ren grins- and it’s times like these he half forgets he has other teammates at all.
They leap forward in tandem, Ren slicing at the thing’s mask while the other slices at its legsit comes crashing down, andRen is very abruptly snapped back to reality by a shadow knocking him off his feet, sending
him crashing to the ground, barely managing to save his skull from hitting the tiled floor flat
out.
Shit, that one hurt more than normal. Though the pain could be from being thrown to the
floor.
There are shouts of panic, and Ren blinks away the last of the vision to see himself and the
others surrounded by lumbering elephant-looking shadows. There’s a small hiss of pain from
Akechi, his eyes are narrowed, blinking furiously.
“Shit!” Futaba yelps, “You’re surrounded! Strong ones, too!”
Ren scrambles to his feet, and the others do the same. He flicks his eyes rapidly between the
shadows surrounding them, scrounging for something to work with.
He hasn’t seen these kinds of enemies before. Doesn’t know their weaknesses, nor what kinds
of elements might result in disaster should Ren try to use them to turn the tides.
“Oracle!” Ren shouts up, skidding back as one of the shadows takes a heavy swing in his
direction. At his side, Makoto ducks out of the way of a burst of curse energy. “Do you have
a read on these guys?”
“Working on it!” Futaba shouts back, voice charged with a nervous franticness.
Ren’s eyes widen as another shadow casts out a spell he knows could take out all of them in
one hit- he quickly flattens himself to the ground, just dodging the curse-based attack by a

hair. He hears a shout of pain, seeing Ryuji just a hair too slow to dodge the attack, though
he’s still conscious and on his feet, barely.
Ren hears another hiss from Akechi, seemingly not a fan of the amount of curse spells being
thrown around.
“Think bless will work?” Akechi asks, as smoothly as one can when dodging away from a
giant fist crashing into the ground.
Ren would usually be a little more hesitant when trying random elements, but they need an
advantage. “Go for it!” He nods sharply as he whips out his gun, firing into one of the
shadows, gritting his teeth as it has no effect.
“Robin Hood!” Akechi calls, sending out a bless-based counterpart to the instant-kill spells
the shadows have taken to throwing around. The shining arrows hit their marks on two of the
four targets, the two that were hit shrieking and disintegrating into black dust and ooze.
Akechi’s grin quickly twists into a tight grimace when he’s clipped by the edge of one of the
remaining shadow’s swords. He lets out a shout, sounding more frustrated than pained.
Ren grits his teeth harder, “Queen, heal Skull and Crow,” He calls out as he reaches for his
mask.
“On it!” She shouts back, Johanna materialising beneath her.
Ren gives a sharp nod of appreciation, before tearing away his mask, “Principality!” He
yells, feeling a bright warmth behind him as the angel bursts into existence, “Makouga!”
The last two shadows collapse. Ren wastes no time in rushing to surround them, not taking
any chances with negotiation as he signals for an all-out-attack, the ensuing frenzy a slight
more laboured than usual.
They all skid back into place, out of breath, and looking thoroughly exhausted.
There’s a loud sigh of relief from Futaba in Ren’s head, “Holy shit… never get jumped like
that again, Joker!”
“Sorry.” Ren mumbles, still in the midst of trying to catch his breath.
“Everyone alright?” Makoto asks, sounding equally winded.
Ryuji gives a weak thumbs up from where he’s doubled over, hands on his knees.
Akechi nods, “I’m fine.”
He doesn’t look fine, is Ren’s first thought as he eyes Akechi up and down. Though Makoto
presumably closed the wound with the mediarama she gave the team, the blood has still
seeped into the white of Akechi’s Metaverse attire, making for a fairly grizzly sight spread
across his chest.

Ren bites his lip. “Here.” He shoves some of Takemi’s medicine into Akechi’s hands.
Akechi frowns, “Joker, I just told you I’m alright-”
“Just take it.” Ren insists, quickly turning away.
Futaba drops down from Necronomicon as the reserve team catches up.
“Goodness…” Yusuke mutters as he takes in the state of Ren and the others.
“Yikes…” Ann bares her teeth in a grimace. “You guys good…?”
Just as Ren goes to say they’re fine, Futaba punches his arm, “Nope. We should call it off for
today.”
“But we barely made any progress…” Ryuji whines, straightening back up.
Ann flicks the side of his head, “And you look like you got ran over by a truck.”
“We have plenty of time before our self-imposed deadline.” Akechi points out, still covered
in blood and awkwardly holding the medicine that Ren shoved in his hands, “We can afford
to waste some time this early on.”
Makoto sighs, “I suppose that’s true.”
“What do you think, Joker?” Morgana asks.
Ren looks between the thieves, and sighs.
It’ll be fine, one voice insists. They’ve barely started after all- hardly enough data for Ren to
get a read on how Akechi fights, or the palace they’re in, or anything, really- they haven’t
even found a map yetHe got hurt; another voice sharply reminds him. The nagging anxiety of whatever the fuck
his dreams and visions are trying to tell him tugs at his mind, because the one thing they’ve
ever been clear on is that Akechi is in danger, and Ren knows he can take care of himself, has
already seen how strong he is, and yet“Alright,” He relents, “We’ll head out for today.”
(In Akechi’s mind, he hears the breaking of chains, and the Judgement reaches rank two.)
***
“You seemed rather concerned by such a minor injury in the palace,” Is the first thing Akechi
says when all the other thieves have left Leblanc after the post infiltration debriefing,
Morgana having gone off with Futaba.
Ren pauses, midway through trying to drag the table back into its designated corner of the
attic. “It looked pretty bad.” He says slowly, “I worry that much about all my friends,” Not

entirely a lie, “You should’ve seen it. You were covered in blood.”
Akechi hums lightly.
Ren shifts awkwardly. “Um.” He starts, “Can you help me with the table?”
Akechi blinks slowly, “No, I’d rather watch you struggle.”
“Oh.” Ren presses his lips together and goes to start trying to move the table again on his
own.
Akechi stares at him incredulously, then rolls his eyes, “I’m joking, Amamiya.” He walks
forward to grab the other end of the table.
Ren snorts, then finds several more laughs bubbling past his lips.
“Not good at picking up on sarcasm?” Akechi asks dryly.
“No,” Ren manages to get out between laughs, “Sorry- you said it so deadpan that I believed
you.”
Akechi’s lips twitch up in a smile, and he starts laughing as well.
Ren manages to force his humour down enough to conduct for the two of them to lift the
table and carry it to the side. Ren huffs as they set it down again, leaning against the wall.
“Y’know,” Ren ducks his head, “You don’t have to call me ‘Amamiya’.”
Akechi raises an unimpressed eyebrow, “Shall I refer to you only as ‘Joker’, then?”
“What? No, I-” Ren huffs and rolls his eyes, “Ren. I mean you can call me Ren.”
“Ren.” Akechi repeats, and Ren smiles slightly. Akechi furrows his brow, seemingly in
thought, “You…” He starts, then sighs, “You can also call me by my given name, if you
wish.”
Ren blinks, and breaks out into a grin. He honestly didn’t expect to be extended the same
courtesy.
It shouldn’t make him feel special. He knows that Yoshizawa and Haru already have that
level of familiarity- but, well.
“Great.” Ren says, walking over to the moth-bitten couch and collapsing on it. “So, how’d
you feel about your first palace infiltration, Goro?” He says, testing out the name.
Goro moves to lean against the workbench, and tilts his head, “Well, we didn’t get
particularly far,” No need to rub it in, Ren thinks, “So I’d say that it doesn’t differ too much
from my forays into Mementos thus far.”

“It gets pretty different.” Ren says, leaning back, “Aesthetically, mostly, but the structure is
really different, too.”
“I can imagine.” Goro nods, “Given that palaces are stemmed from the cognitions of one
person, rather than an amalgam of the general public.”
“Is it weird to say that all this Metaverse stuff has actually made me better at school?” Ren
laughs, “In history and psychology, at least.”
“I don’t find it strange, no.” Goro shakes his head, “I’m certainly curious about it all. I’d
certainly be interested in learning more about the origin of everyone’s personas.”
“Yeah.” Ren huffs, “I’ve read a lot of books I’ve found in the library about everyone’s
personas.” He grins, “I’ll have to find one on Robin Hood.”
Goro’s lips twitch, before he tugs on his gloves, ducking his head, “Speaking of, I hope my
performance in battle today was satisfactory.”
Ren quickly nods, “You definitely were. Mona wasn’t kidding when he said you’re a
natural.”
Goro chuckles wryly, “It’s a special kind of ironic that I am apparently so naturally skilled at
something I was so hesitant to involve myself with.”
Ren tilts his head curiously, “Still not a fan of the Phantom Thieves?”
Goro sighs, narrowing his eyes in contemplation, “I can’t say that I particularly approve of
your actions still, no. Though I do acknowledge that being backed into a corner like this can
present little in the way of alternatives.”
Ren taps his fingers against his chin, humming, “Last time we talked about this, you said that
the Phantom Thieves are dangerous because they’re unknown. But, well,” He gestures to
himself.
Goro huffs a laugh, “Another round of debate, then?” Ren nods eagerly, “Alright.” He
straightens up, “My point about vigilante groups has hardly changed. I know and trust your
intentions, sure, but the rest of the public does not. And you are still a group of teenagers
beholden to mistakes.”
Ren nods, “True.” He looks up at the ceiling, mulling it over, “I’m not sure if the public’s
opinion is the point.”
Goro cocks an eyebrow, “Oh?”
Ren tugs at his fringe, “Our goal is… nebulous.” He admits, “’Changing society’ is pretty
vague, so I guess our main motive is doing what we can when we see injustice.”
“And because you operate on a case-by-case basis, things like unanimous vote are enough to
serve as checks and balances for whether your actions are just or not.” Goro concludes. He

hums, “I concede that I am… glad that you’re not so easily swayed by the public. Such an
informant is easily manipulated and biased.”
Ren smiles, “Am I convincing you?”
Goro smirks, “Not yet.”
“What other issues do you have with us, then?” Ren asks, crossing his legs.
“Moving the issues of vigilante justice aside,” Goro starts, “How about the act of changing
hearts itself?”
Ren frowns, “What about it?”
“It isn’t quite as merciful as people make it out to be, is it?” Goro says, placing his hand to
his chin.
“Better than killing them isn’t it?” Ren asks dryly.
“Is it?” Goro pushes, “Could the people who’s hearts you’ve changed ever become
functioning members of society again, even excluding the consequences of their crimes?”
Ren makes a face, “Would you want them to be?”
“No.” Goro says simply, “I agree that all the people who’s hearts you’ve changed have
undeniably deserved it. But is there a meaningful difference between what you’ve done, and
killing them?”
Ren hums quietly, considering the point.
“I… don’t think you’re wrong.” Ren starts, surprising himself, “We kind of are killing them,
huh?” He smiles wryly, “I still think they deserve it.”
Goro smirks slightly, “We’re in agreement there.”
“But.” Ren continues, “I still think that changing their hearts is better.”
Goro tilts his head, “And why is that?”
“They confess.” Ren smiles, “We started the Phantom Thieves to help people, and isn’t
changing hearts like having our cake and eating it too? We stop our targets from causing any
more harm, and we make sure they don’t become martyrs, either.”
Goro hums, “That’s true, I suppose.”
“So we agree, then.” Ren says, smug.
Goro rolls his eyes, “About the bigger picture, it seems.”
“Then what are we even debating?” Ren says, smile growing.

“We’re debating, so that you get off your high horse.” Goro says, lips twitching into an
almost-scowl, “Changing a heart is a punishment- it’s revenge- and you’d do well to
remember that.”
Ren barks a laugh, “Well, when you put it that way.” He leans back, giving Goro a serious
look, “I won’t forget that.”
Goro nods slowly, seemingly satisfied with Ren’s response.
Ren feels his lips twitch up, “…Not a fan of revenge?”
Goro snorts, “On the contrary.”
(As soon as the admission is made, the Justice reaches rank seven.)
Ren feels a rush of curiosity, “Oh?”
Goro waves a hand, “Another time.” He kicks off the workbench, straightening up. “Well, I
believe I may have overstayed my welcome.”
Not at all, Ren wants to say, stay as long as you like. But, he recognises an exit strategy when
he sees one.
Instead, he gives the other a warm smile, “Until next time then, Goro.”
***
Perhaps it is the oxymoron of the strange sense of calm amidst the ever-present stress that
Akechi feels, that causes him to be caught off-guard by Shido’s demand to meet.
Things have been odd. Nothing and everything is going to plan- ‘falling up’, Akechi believes
is the best descriptor, except the ground is crumbling faster than he can fall, and he wonders
when all the deadlines and necessities will come to knock; knowing his luck, it’ll be all at
once.
The strange stasis of waiting that Akechi finds himself in does him no favours with Shido,
though. Nothing to report and everything to lie about.
When Akechi clicks open the door to Shido’s office, he sees the man swirling a glass of some
alcohol or another, looking surprisingly calm.
A dangerous mood.
Shido regards him cooly when he takes a short bow. “Akechi,” He says, leaning forward,
“You’ve been making regular trips into Okumura’s palace, correct?”
“I have.” Akechi gives a slight nod of affirmation.
Shido raises an eyebrow, “Well?”

Akechi barely stops himself from rolling his eyes in time. “Unfortunately,” He begins
smoothly, “The Phantom Thieves do not appear to have begun any infiltration attempts on
Okumura’s palace.”
“Is that so?” Shido asks, equally smooth and almost bland.
A very dangerous mood.
“It is, sir.” Akechi says.
“Hm.” Shido hums shortly. He takes a small sip of whatever is in his glass, “I take that you
have a solution to this predicament?”
Ah. Akechi sees how it is.
“What would you have me do, sir?” Akechi asks with a bright TV smile, in a resigned
attempt at deflecting whatever the fuck Shido wants from him.
“That’s what I’m asking you, Akechi.” Shido snaps, the icy neutrality quickly fading, “Or do
you need me to hold your hand through every step of the way?”
Akechi grits his teeth and clenches his fists behind his back. “No sir.” He says, wracking his
brain for some way to balance the spinning plates.
Stall. That usually works.
“In all likelihood, the thieves are simply being cautious.” Akechi settles on, making sure to
not break eye contact, “I wouldn’t be surprised if they’re doing their own research into
Okumura just to ensure that they’re taking the right course of action.”
The sneer melts off Shido’s face as quickly as it came, his expression becoming unreadable
once again. “And you’re certain that they’ll take the bait eventually?”
“Of course.” Akechi says confidently.
They already have, after all.
Shido nods slowly, seemingly satisfied with Akechi’s bullshitting. “Keep a close eye on the
palace.” He says, “I want you to notify me immediately if they make any movements. Make
sure you note their identities when you see them in the palace.”
“I will, sir.”
“Good.” Shido takes a longer sip of his drink. He pauses, and looks Akechi up and down,
“How are you feeling, by the way?”
What? Akechi almost says, before clenching his jaw and reconsidering.
“In relation to anything specific, Shido-san?” Akechi asks instead.

WHY IS HE ASKING THIS? Loki hisses, indignant.
“After we manage to trap the thieves,” Shido begins, “You’ll have the honour of killing their
leader personally. How are you feeling?”
A test. Robin warns, bristling.
How does he feel about the prospect of killing the leader of the Phantom Thieves? Shido isn’t
even trying to be subtle.
The train of thought is irrelevant, given that Akechi has no plans of doing so, and yet his
mind shoots down the track anyway.
When he first met Amamiya- Ren, the thought that Akechi might have to kill him was a
quiet, persistent, little hum in the back of his mind. Akechi is well versed on how Shido likes
to deal with problems, and as Akechi spent more and more time with Ren, the boy proved
himself twice over to be a problem.
Before Sumire and Haru practically slapped him in the face with the idea of other options,
Akechi didn’t dwell on the thought. Why should he? He’s killed people he’d known before.
This wasn’t any different. It couldn’t be any different, because if it was then it might all be for
nothing, if Akechi hesitates for even a secondBut now he has other options. Or, more accurately, he’s feeling less inclined to go along with
Shido’s every whim- which doesn’t actually constitute to ‘options’, but it’s a start.
But what if there are no options, a whisper of fear hisses; what if despite everything, Shido’s
plan comes to a head, and it’s suddenly an either-or that Akechi has refused to think about.
It’s barely even a question, because there’s no answer; Akechi refuses to kill Ren, not now, not
like this, but he can’t stand the idea of Shido having the last laugh over his corpse- it’s an
impossible equation, can’t be divided by zero, but oh Akechi is a foolThis train of thought is irrelevant.
“I must say, I’m feeling rather enthusiastic about the whole endeavour.” Akechi says, shoving
his mind underwater and holding it there, letting the television mask staple itself over his
face.
“Oh?” Shido prompts, looking uncharacteristically curious.
“The Phantom Thieves have been thorns in both our sides for quite some time now,” Akechi
says brightly, “I’m eager to be rid of them.” He chuckles, “And having a personal victory
over their leader certainly doesn’t hurt.”
“I’m glad to see you so… committed to your work.” Shido says, giving a smile that was
likely supposed to be warm, but Akechi can only see it as mocking.
“I always am.” Akechi says lightly.
(The Devil grows to rank six)

The rest of the meeting is some drivel or another, almost entirely unheard over the small
fragment of concern that Akechi’s mind latches onto.
THAT QUESTION WAS TOO PROBING. Loki bursts out as soon as Akechi slides into an
alley near the diet building, HE’S ONTO US.
Do not be hasty, bird, Robin counters, To act rashly will only serve to alert his suspicions
even more.
OR WE ONLY HAVE SO LONG TO MAKE A MOVE.
And what would you have us do?
KILL HIM. QUICKLY.
That’s suicide.
NOT IF WE’RE SMART.
That’s absurd, we have time“Get a grip.” Akechi hisses to himself, scraping his gloved hand against the brick of the alley.
Loki and Robin quiet their debate, but the swirling back and forth of conflicting emotions
does more than enough talking in their stead.
“Shit.” Akechi thunks his forehead against the cool bricks, scrambling for a middle ground.
Answers. He needs something more definitive.
(The Tower twitches in his chest.)
Well, good thing he knows where to get them.

Chapter End Notes

It's so funny to me that p3reload released on 2/2- It also turns out that I'm a liar, and I
did end up playing it on release; I hope everyone else who picked it up is enjoying it!
Aaaand it's that time again, folks! That being, Ren and Akechi debate the justice of the
Phantom Thieves, this time with Akechi able to actually share more of his opinions.
Oh, right! Because I don't remember if it ever comes up again and it isn't that important,
allow me to explain the biometric lock issue;
Akechi's explanation, while not... unfeasible, isn't quite the whole truth. (A combo of
Akechi bullshitting out of necessity, and because he didn't necessarily clock the
reasoning immediately) Remember earlier when Akechi used the ol' "brute force" tactic

to open that door? Well, even if the shadows currently don't recognise him, Akechi
recognises himself as the black mask, who Okumura has already given willing
(unwilling) access to the rest of his palace. Cognition goes both ways! Much to Akechi's
chagrin- he was trying to stall these people out, damnit. Though, this is at least a better
alternitive to tipping both Okumura and Shido off to the Phantom Thieves' heist
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! I almost screwed up the number on the Devil whoops- remember to keep
accurate notes, folks! otherwise you'll have to drudge through every scene with a
character in it to remember which ones you labelled as a rank up and whether or not you
fucked up here or earlier
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 7
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 2
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 3
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 5
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 2
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 7
___
Shido: How do you feel about killing the leader of the Phantom Thieves, Akechi?
Akechi, immediately: Wonderful. Incredible. Absolutely amazing.
Shido: No need to lay it on so thick.
Akechi: See, that's what you think, but around April I found an oddly specific
appreciation for violence against boys with messy black hair and glasses. Weird, I know.

Chapter 37
Chapter Summary

Mirrors, confusion, and overthinking.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The life of a cognition is a funny thing.
Are any of his thoughts his own? It’s hard to say. It feels like his thoughts are separate from
the captain’s; but is there really a difference when he’s unfailingly loyal? If his thoughts are
his own, he doesn’t think much would change, either way.
Goro stares out at the foyer of the ship, idly swingling his legs back and forth over the edge,
tapping his gun against the ground in some rhythm of a song he’s sure he’s heard before.
There’s a bit of a pattern he’s noticed. After the captain calls the real him in to chat, then his
counterpart will occasionally grace the cruise ship with his irritating presence.
Irritating, but certainly entertaining.
Are his thoughts his own, he thinks again. It’s a rare treat, to compare himself to the person
on which his existence is based. It’s strange- Goro thinks they’re exactly the same, and yet
nothing alike at all.
There’s a spark of fiery hatred that Goro can see in his counterpart’s eyes. A hatred that he
was somewhat unfamiliar with. It isn’t as though the captain missed this aspect about Goro
Akechi, but he deemed it irrelevant, nonetheless. Goro would do anything for the captain
anyway, so does the fact that he hates him even matter?
And yet…
More recently, Goro has felt aspects of himself change. It’s extremely frustrating. He has no
basis for why these things happen- he simply has to accept that this is how he feels now.
Something has been happening with the him in the real world, and Goro is very curious as to
what that is.
Maybe his counterpart is feeling more defiant. Or maybe the captain finally got a clue about
how much Goro hates him, the piece of shit that holds the cross brace tied to the strings
dangling from Goro’s limbs- and oh he can’t wait to pry open the fucker’s ribs one-by-oneAh.

There’s the change. It might just be Goro’s imagination, but he thinks it’s happening more
often.
Goro stops swinging his legs when he sees his counterpart unceremoniously kick open the
doors to the foyer.
He smirks. Time for some fun.
The other him is already eyeing the surrounding area suspiciously. His eyes, partially hidden
by his jagged black mask, rake up the wall, and eventually settle on Goro, who gives a
cheerful wave with the hand holding the gun.
The other him scowls, and folds his arms.
Making Goro do all the work, it seems. He sighs, kicking off the ledge had situated himself
on, neatly folding his hands behind his back as he walks up to the real him.
“Back again, are we?” Goro says with a bright smile.
His counterpart’s lips curl up in a sneer, “You make it sound as though you expected me.”
“Well, there isn’t much else to do around here other than wait.” Goro says truthfully, “And
besides, three times is a pattern, isn’t it?” He gasps performatively, bringing his hand to his
mouth, “Don’t tell me- you visit to see me?”
His counterpart scowls, annoyance written over his face, “And why the fuck would I want to
spend time with you?”
Goro hums, tapping his chin, “Mirrors in the real world are funny things.”
“What the fuck are you-”
“They reflect reality exactly as it is,” Goro continues, as though his counterpart never spoke,
“And yet you still have to perceive their reflections through your own eyes. Really- what’s
the point of a mirror at all?”
“So people can look at themselves, generally.” His counterpart says dryly, sneer unabating.
“Is there any value in perceiving yourself through your own eyes?” Goro asks, more to the
empty air, “You’d have to be remarkably self-aware to get anything out of it at all.”
His counterpart takes a deep, steadying, breath that speaks of repressed violence, “Is there a
point to this tangent?” He snarls, “Or is Shido waxing philosophical in some repressed corner
of his subconscious?”
Goro shrugs, “Who’s to say?” He chuckles, “My point, though, is that spending time with me
would be like looking in a mirror, no?” He smiles brightly as his counterpart slowly bares his
teeth, “Literally, yes -we do look identical- but, ah, what is it? ‘Actualisation of the self
through the perception of others’?”

His counterpart lets out a frustrated growl, abruptly stepping forward to grab Goro by the tie,
spitting in his face, “You’re. Not. Me.”
Oh, to be a broken record. Does he not tire, insisting of truths that do not exist? Goro feels his
lips curl up in a bright smile.
“You’re not a mirror.” His counterpart continues, eyes averting as he starts rambling to
himself more than Goro, “You’re convenient. You’re a walking, talking, little doll filled to the
brim with information, if you’d care to spill it.” He hisses.
Oh, so he wants information on the captain, then? Goro would be happy to oblige- which is
probably indicative that his counterpart is doing something wrong.
“Whatever makes you happy.” Goro says brightly, and his counterpart looks seconds from
abandoning all self-restraint and shooting Goro then and there.
But, well, they both know that cognition is a volatile and dangerous thing. Killing Goro could
have unpredictable effects on the captain, which his counterpart is clearly trying to avoid.
Tragic, then, that father dearest already has him pegged.
“This is a waste of my time.” His counterpart mutters, “It’s always a waste of time, why the
fuck am I even here?”
“You should think about what I said.” Goro hums, shoving the real him away with more force
than strictly necessary, “But you’re leaving now, aren’t you?”
His counterpart shoots him one final glare before stalking off, looking at him like one might a
stain in their carpet. Goro supposes that’s fair- he isn’t truly a person, after all.
(In Akechi’s mind, he seethes.
A waste of time- spent talking to a cognition that proves more insufferable than most.
The Tower grows to rank four, ever unsteady, and Akechi kicks the wall with an infuriated
shout.)
***
Sumire walks into school Thursday morning, checking her phone as she readjusts her gym
bag over her shoulder. Another gymnastics meet is coming up- the one she placed third in,
last time. She had been proud of it, at the time, but then the school administration starting
hounding her for better results, even though she was doing her best, she couldn’t put anything
more into it if she triedNeedless to say, she isn’t fond of the idea of doing that all over again.
(Thinking about it, that was the tipping point for awakening her persona. Well, sort of.)

But she hasn’t been focusing on gymnastics, is the thing. Sumire’s been so distracted by
everything else that she’s just… put her dream to the side for now. She’s been ignoring coach
Hiraguchi’s disapproving looks, willing her to understand that there so many other things that
Sumire has to do right now. Even now that she has the advantage of not being deluded into
thinking she’s someone else entirely, Sumire isn’t feeling great about her prospects for the
upcoming meet.
Sumire pushes the thoughts out of her mind. She has more, distinctly life-threatening, things
to think about.
Like how to stop the thieves from infiltrating Okumura’s palace.
Honestly? Sumire isn’t sure if they can.
Sumire nearly trips when she sees the object of her problems chatting near one of the
classrooms.
She jogs up, “Hello Ann-senpai, Ryuji-senpai!”
They both flinch, weirdly, when she addresses them. Ann’s smile seems strained when she
returns it, “Oh, hey Sumire-chan.”
“How are ya?” Ryuji asks, tapping his foot against the ground.
Sumire rubs the back of her neck, chuckling awkwardly, “A bit stressed, honestly.” She
shakes her head, “I’ll be okay, though.” She hopes. “But how are you two?” She frowns
slightly, “Um, is something wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong!” Ann says, a little too quickly, tugging nervously on one of her pigtails.
So. Something is definitely wrong.
“…Are you sure?” Sumire pushes.
“Yup.” Ryuji drawls out, running a hand through his hair, “Just passin’ the time, I guess.”
“Oh, well,” Sumire frowns, “Alright.”
Ann laughs stiltedly, and Sumire notes with a wince that Ann has yet to get better at acting,
“Uh huh! Nothing to do, really! So, what’s stressing you out?” She tacks the last bit on a little
too eagerly.
“Uh- gymnastics?” Sumire stutters, bewildered at the tone of this chat, “There’s a meet
coming up soon, so…”
“Oh, I think I heard about that.” Ryuji perks up, and it's the most normal thing to be said all
conversation. “Aren’t you excited, though?”
“I guess…” Sumire says with a small smile, grateful for the turn away from whatever that
was, “I’m just a bit worried, is all. I’ve been so distracted from my training lately.”

Something passes over Ann’s face like she’s trying to decide how to feel about that statement,
as Ryuji nods sagely in solidarity, “I getcha. Back when I did track, I never really had
troubles stayin’ motivated, but sometimes shit happens.”
Ann’s face finally melts into something more genuine, “I get distracted all the time. I don’t
know how you jocks do it.”
“Same way you get excited about cake, prolly.” Ryuji mumbles, and Ann smacks him on the
arm.
Sumire giggles slightly behind her hand, and jumps as she remembers the time, “Oh- well, I
should be going to class.” She waves slightly, “Um, I’ll see you…?”
Ann and Ryuji blink, and then quickly restart into awkward waves, “See ya.” Ryuji chimes.
“See you later, Sumire-chan.” Ann says, thankfully not reverting into stilted pleasantries.
Sumire jogs off in the direction of her class, and tries not to overthink.
That was… weird. But what does she know?
She sighs, and sits down at her desk with a thunk.
It’s- not important. No need to spiral over one slightly awkward conversation. And whatever
mood they were in got dashed pretty quickly as they got distracted. Sumire doesn’t even
know what she’s overthinking. If she has the time to overthink, then she definitely has the
time to pay more attention to gymnastics.
It’s fine.
***
Akechi ascends the stairs to the attic of Leblanc, hoping for yet another small miracle that
stalls their progress in the palace again.
If Akechi were to lie to himself, then he would say that getting hit in a largely harmless, yet
visually disturbing way was entirely intentional and calculated- planned in order to concern
the thieves enough that they’d call it a day.
In reality, he had still been coming down from the killer headache that a wayward vision had
thrust upon him, and had been trying to dodge one of the many curse spells that the shadows
were throwing around like confetti.
That, and he couldn’t have known that the sight of him being injured apparently causes such
a concerned response in Ren. Akechi isn’t quite sure how to feel about that.
Akechi crests the stairs, and freezes when he sees the only other thief present.
“Um!” Futaba Isshiki- Sakura yelps, looking like she expected him. “Hi.”

“Hello.” Akechi responds, keeping his voice level. The table is set up in the middle of the
room, seats empty save for Futaba, but Akechi chooses instead to awkwardly drift over to the
work bench and lean against the attic window.
Futaba fiddles with her hair, opening and closing her mouth.
It’s rude to ignore her. But Akechi is fairly certain that neither of them would truly enjoy any
conversation that Akechi could attempt to start, so he stays silent.
“So!” Futaba starts, not making eye contact, “D-did you wanna do something while we wait
for the others?”
Why is she talking to him.
Akechi pastes on his prettiest smile, “Such as…?”
“Um…” She mumbles, before suddenly jumping up from her chair, nearly stumbling as she
does, and pulling out two chairs to angle them towards Ren’s dusty TV.
“R-Ren has this old console.” She stutters, pointing towards the TV set. ‘Old’ is underselling
it, Akechi thinks as he looks at the gaming console Futaba is pointing at. “Um, He said I
could use it, so…” She trails off, mumbling, and Akechi idly wonders if Futaba planned this
interaction.
“Did you… want to play something?” Akechi asks, stiltedly.
“Yes?” Futaba squeaks, still not making eye contact.
Akechi nods, for want of any better way to respond, and stiffly makes his way over to the
second chair that Futaba has pulled up.
She seems to brighten, and quickly jumps up to start messing with the console and the game
cartridges littering the table.
“I dunno where Ren even got this stuff,” She starts rambling, “This is all mega old- most of
these games people only play for the nostalgia factor. I mean, this one’s just pure luckbased,” She holds up a cartridge labelled ‘Gambla Goemon’, “No game design at all.”
As she talks, her fingers stall on one particular game, and she bounces excitedly. She whirls
around, a devious grin spread across her face.
She falters slightly as she goes to talk, “Do… you like featherman?”
Akechi’s first instinct is to lie. He thinks better of it when he realises that Futaba, a patented
nerd, doesn’t have a lot of ground to stand on when it comes to teasing him for his interests.
(Wakaba used to talk to him about featherman, on some days. She was probably reciting all
the bits and pieces she managed to get out of her daughter’s excited rants-)
“I… do.” Akechi admits hesitantly.

Futaba snorts, “Nerd.”
Akechi scowls. Well. Nevermind, then.
She doesn’t seem put off by his reaction, weirdly, and instead grins even wider and shoves
the cartridge into the console, flopping down in her chair and swinging her feet back and
forth as she waits for the game to boot up.
“This game’s a cult classic.” She starts explaining, “It came out in the 90’s, and literally no
one talked about it for, like, fifteen years-”
The TV screen lights up, and a familiar jingle starts playing in an eight-bit sound font, the
words ‘featherman seeker’ flashing in bold.
“I played this game with my mom, when I was seven or something.” Futaba continues.
“I wanted to play this game when I was a kid.” Akechi cuts in quietly, “My mother couldn’t
afford it, though, so I never did.”
Futaba pauses, something unreadable crossing her face. She slowly gives a tentative smile,
“Well, now you can!” She frowns, “Oh, well, it’s single player, so…”
Akechi shakes his head, “You can play. Don’t worry about it.”
She smiles, “Neat.”
Futaba hunches over as she presses ‘new game’, the opening cutscene detailing plot points
Akechi vaguely remembers from a film adaptation of the game.
“I remember feeling kinda weird about this game when I played it.” Futaba says, seemingly
just to fill the silence.
Akechi tilts his head, “Oh?”
“Yeah,” She continues, “At first I thought it was sorta boring. Y’know, standard plot- rando
new guy Grey Pigeon wants to become one of the feathermen, fights a bunch of Aberrants to
get strong enough, yadda yadda.” She waves a hand, “It’s basically the same as Red’s whole
plotline.”
Akechi almost starts to say something about how Red’s story is far more complicated and
emotionally charged than that, but clamps his jaw shut.
“I mean, Red’s more complicated than that, but you get my point.” Futaba says, and Akechi
sends his internal thanks.
“I watched the film version of this game a few years ago.” Akechi says, against his better
judgement, “I recall there being a twist of some sort towards the end, though my memory’s a
bit foggy.”

“Yeah…” Futaba hums, “Osagiri, the scientist, was my favourite character, since she
reminded me of my mom.”
Akechi goes still.
“I thought it was super cool.” Futaba says, eyes flicking down, “The whole… science stuff to
get special powers.”
(Akechi had thought the same, when it first began)
“It made me think of my mom as like…” She smiles, “A superhero, or the good guy’s righthand man. I already wanted to grow up to be just like her, and playing this game made me
want that even more.”
She shifts.
“Do you remember the twist?” She asks, staring ahead at the screen.
Akechi nods slowly, “I remember that Osagiri was not who she appeared to be.”
“Yep.” Futaba presses the buttons on the controller quickly as a fighting segment comes up,
“Something, something, turns out that Osagiri is secretly Alya, some agent from Zylam who
made Grey Pigeon as an experiment for a fighter that’s even stronger than the feathermen.”
She sighs as she finishes the fight segment, another cutscene loading in.
“I really hated that twist.” Futaba says, tucking her knees under her chin, “In my head,
Osagiri was my mom. And my mom could never do something so…” Her face twists,
“Slimy. Evil. Whatever.”
Right.
Akechi hums, keeping his face very still.
Futaba laughs awkwardly, “I mean, I was seven. So, not super good at separating fiction and
reality. And I know from like, an objective standpoint, that that twist was super cool, and a
real departure from the formula that featherman usually follows.” She shrugs, “But, yeah. It
kinda made it so I wasn’t a big fan of the game until way later.”
“What changed your mind?” Akechi asks.
Futaba pauses, “…When my mom died, I remembered playing this game with her.” She rubs
her nose, “At first, that made me want to think about the game even less, but, now…”
“It’s good to have the memories.” Akechi finishes, injecting no particular emotion into his
voice.
Futaba’s face breaks into a bright smile, “Yeah.” She says. “Um,” She fiddles with her
glasses, “You mentioned your mom. What… what was she like?”

Akechi swallows, and looks away. “She was…” He murmurs.
His mother was a lot of things.
“Complicated.” Akechi settles on saying. “But I loved her.”
Futaba gives a small smile, “That’s good.”
It is with a sense of dread, then, that Akechi feels the world crackI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Death arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Futaba will definitely be the death of him at this rate, Akechi thinks humourlessly.
Futaba jumps as her phone buzzes. She quickly snatches it out of her pocket, eyeing the
screen critically. She hits pause on the game, “Everyone’s showing up soon. So, um…” She
smiles shyly, “This was fun.”
Akechi pulls his face into a smile, hoping it doesn’t seem too strained, “I’m glad.”
***
Akechi often feels as though he’s balancing on a tightrope made of razor-sharp wire.
A delicate game of juggling cups and spinning plates- There’s no way around it, really.
Unless, of course, Akechi were to simply stop, and let the porcelain dishware drop to the
ground.
But, well. Then they would shatter.
Akechi has given a lot of thought to Sumire’s suggestion that they join the thieves in the
periphery of his mind. There are myriad pros and cons to keeping them in the dark or
reaching out- and Akechi is frankly amazed that Sumire hasn’t snapped and told him to make
a decision already.
But how can he, when Futaba loved her mother so much? She’ll hate him, no doubt- and the
only way for Akechi to dampen the blow of his crimes would be to tarnish her mother’s
memory, which she’ll probably hate him for even more.
(And he won’t- can’t, tell her.)
As for everyone else? Who’s to say.

For some of the thieves, Akechi thinks they might be just as insane as Sumire and Haru. Ren,
and possibly Ann and Morgana seem like they might help him, even if they knew the truth.
Maybe.
Makoto, Sakamoto, and Kitagawa are all unknowns, though. Akechi leans more towards the
thought that they wouldn’t be particularly happy to know his secondary occupation.
Akechi drags himself out of his thoughts, pressing himself against a wall as Ren ducks into
hiding to avoid a shadow. They actually never made it to a saferoom last time, so they’ve had
to trek through the parts of Okumura’s palace that they’d already explored. Akechi can’t
complain- it buys more time, though it is slightly tedious.
Ren must notice his boredom, as he shoots Akechi a sharp grin, dashing out of hiding to flip
stylishly onto a shadow’s back, slicing ribbons into its face to get at its mask.
Akechi raises an eyebrow at the unnecessary spectacle, falling into formation with Ann and
Kitagawa as Ren does a backflip to skid into place.
Ren’s stunts don’t stop there- the battle is finished rather quickly with an impressive fire spell
from Ann and a Megidola from Ren, cast with more flourish than is strictly necessary.
As the shrieks of the woefully outmatched shadows fade, Ren turns and gives Akechi another
grin, wide and eager. He’s yet to return to his usual hunch, instead standing at his full height
with an air of self-satisfaction.
It’s somewhat charming, that he seems to be performing for Akechi’s sake.
Ridiculous, he corrects with a hiss.
“Still bored?” Ren asks, a smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth.
Akechi makes sure to look distinctly unphased by the dramatics, “I’m afraid I don’t know
what you’re talking about.”
Ren smiles even wider, seeing right through him, “Really?” He winks, “Guess I’ll have to try
harder, then.” He spins his gun, “Can you keep up?”
In spite of whatever front of inexperience Akechi has forced himself to present, he smirks, “I
believe I can. The question really should be if you can keep up with me.”
Ren laughs, “You’re on.”
The fights go even faster after that, in this early part of the palace, as Ren and Akechi both
tear through any shadows that cross their path with increasingly showy attacks, barely
leaving space for anyone else to get a hit in.
It’s more of a collaboration than a competition, but Akechi can tell they’re both keeping score
anyway.

He would help you, if you asked. Robin whispers amid the frenzy, You know this.
But what if he doesn’t? One of the many dissenting voices posits, What if he doesn’t carewhat if he does, and he’s fool enough to let Shido hurt him as some trade or sacrifice?
Akechi lingers on that last thought.
Ren is a fool, isn’t he?
He would do something stupid, if he asked for help- Akechi can see it in every line of the
thief’s body and in every spark in his eye; overeager, sentimental, self-sacrificial, and Akechi
can’tIt pains him to do this. Everything about this pains him, actually- this entire situation is a
massive fucking pain, and apparently it’s Akechi’s problem.
He shouldn’t even be here. He doesn’t remember how he got to this point, and the more he
sees of this grating new reality, the more that itches at the back of his mind. What if, what if,
what ifBut none of that truly matters. He has a deal to pitch and compromises to make, and he can’t
stop thinking about how the other boy’s eyes are wide and brimming with an emotion Akechi
doesn’t care to name, acting like if he blinks Akechi will disappear like he was never there at
allAkechi snaps back, head pounding, barely managing to contain a pained grunt.
Right in the middle of a fight, too. Fucking wonderful.
He barely manages to duck to the side of a shadow’s attack, still dizzy, his lip curling as he
can’t quite get Robin to release the spell he had been holding. He would consider it a point
lost on his side, but he doesn’t hear Ren casting any spell, either. He almost turns and glares
at him for letting Akechi catch up when this is a competition, but stalls as he sees a grimace
painted across Ren’s face, shaking his head slightly like he’s holding back a migraine of his
own.
Well then.
Ann and Kitagawa pick up the slack- the shadows not posing much of a challenge. Ren
shoves his hands in his pockets when the fight ends, face even more still than usual, as
though he’s willing whatever lingering pain Akechi knows he feels from the vision away
through sheer stoicism.
Neither of them comment on their slip up, if Ren noticed it at all. Akechi is more than ready
to move on entirely until he sways slightly, dizziness taking one last hit to his balance.
Immediately, the blankness on Ren’s face melts into concern, “Hey, you alright?”
Akechi pastes on something bright and presentable, “Just fine, Joker. Don’t worry.”

“Are you sure?” Ren asks, stepping a little closer, “We’ve been going kind of all-out.”
“Joker.” Akechi repeats, “I really am fine, I just stumbled a little.”
Ren shakes his head, frown deepening, “You seemed dizzy. You’re drained.” Something else
passes across his face, and whatever snippy reply Akechi had prepared dies on his tongue,
“You should take a break, get some rest. I can get someone else on the front lines for a bit.”
Akechi barely manages to stop the scowl that tugs at his lips, “I assure you, that isn’t
necessary.”
“C’mon, please?” Ren tugs at his fringe, and a stupid, shy little smile tugs at his lips, “For
me? It’d make me feel better.”
Akechi deflates slightly, and fuck- why did that shit work on him?
“Fine.” Akechi almost spits, but manages to turn it into a huff.
Ren smiles, relief evident. He waves at the reserves, “Hey, Skull, you’re up.”
“Hell yeah!” Sakamoto shouts cheerfully, jogging up to join the front as Akechi slips back,
rolling his eyes.
Ren shoots him one last smile, and a grateful thumbs up. Akechi pretends he doesn’t see it.
Akechi falls into step with Makoto and Morgana, folding his arms and clenching at the fabric.
Ren is an idiot. Akechi knows that he’s established himself as ‘new to the Metaverse’, but
Ren seems to be taking that as ‘fragile and weak’- this time and the last, and Akechi can feel
his patience fraying at the edges.
(Akechi wonders if Ren treated the others like this, too. Does he see Akechi as lesser? Surely
Akechi has proved otherwise, many times over. Ren had seemed so delighted to entertain their
stupid competition, all to sate Akechi’s boredom, so why,
Is Akechi more important, somehow? A narcissistic thought, but for what- why? Does Ren
recognise Akechi’s dizzy spell as similar to his own? The timing, circumstance, and symptoms
too suspicious for him to overlook?
Akechi cannot, for the life of him, get a read on this boy.)
At his side, Makoto clears her throat.
Akechi snaps back to reality, turning to raise an eyebrow at her.
“You seem annoyed.” She says flatly, while Morgana is absorbed in his own conversation,
speaking with Futaba via Necronomicon, “Everyone gets some time in reserves eventually.”
Akechi doesn’t glare, but instead smiles brightly, “I’m aware.” He says pleasantly, “I’m
merely a little… put out. I’m not injured, nor am I really that drained, and yet Joker still

insists I take a break.”
“…Maybe he just wanted to give someone else a go on the front lines?” Makoto offers, not
sounding particularly confident, “We like to rotate spots pretty often.”
Akechi raises and eyebrow, “If that were the case, then he could have just said so.”
Makoto frowns, “Point.” She concedes, and sighs, “He’s just worried about you. You are new
to all of this, and you two were really giving it your all. I could see it from back here.”
Akechi supresses an eye roll, “And was Joker this worried about everyone else when they
first joined?”
Makoto pauses, “…I suppose not, from what I’ve seen with myself and Oracle.”
Akechi doesn’t bother stopping the scowl this time, “Wonderful.” He deadpans.
Makoto frowns, “I thought that would make you feel better…”
Akechi blinks, “Queen.” He folds his arms, “Why on earth would the knowledge that Joker
clearly sees me as too weak to handle myself make me feel better?”
Makoto looks bewildered. She opens and closes her mouth a few times, “I-” She starts, her
brow furrowing, “I feel like we’ve read this situation very differently.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “How did you read it?”
“Don’t worry about it.” She says quickly, looking embarrassed, “But- I’m pretty sure that
Joker doesn’t see you as… weak.”
Akechi shrugs, “Think what you will.”
Makoto rolls her eyes, looking exasperated, “Whatever.” She mutters, then seems to draw
herself back together, “How are you finding the Metaverse?”
“Entirely absurd.” Akechi says honestly, “There’s nothing I can do but accept it at face value,
though that doesn’t exactly dampen the blow of its existence.” Two years has dulled the
shock, but Akechi can remember the panic and confusion he felt when he first found the other
world.
Makoto huffs, looking amused, “You seem to be having fun, though.”
Akechi tilts his head, “I am, I suppose. There’s a thrill to fights in this world that doesn’t hold
quite the same weight in the real one.”
Fighting with a persona is… different, in an almost intimate way. Personas are the soul, or so
everyone seems to insist, and sharpening something so personal into a blade that can deal and
receive pain in turn- well, the feeling is definitely more than a brawl in an alley can offer.

Makoto furrows her brow, “Do you… get into fights in the real world often…?” She asks
sceptically.
Akechi forces a bright smile over his grimace, laughing politely, “Of course not- It’s simply
an assumption I’ve made.”
Makoto doesn’t look particularly convinced, but she nods anyway.
“I’m glad you’ve decided to work with us.” Makoto says after a beat, “I can admit it was
quite stressful when we thought you would arrest us if you found out who we are.”
Akechi huffs a laugh, “Perhaps all this would have been more painless had I come clean
earlier.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “It would’ve been, yes.” She sighs, “But the stress isn’t
really gone, either.”
“Do you not trust me?” Akechi asks lightly.
Makoto falters, “Well, no, it’s not that.” She shakes her head, and Akechi notes that she
didn’t quite answer the question, “It’s more that, even if you’ve made it clear that you don’t
want to arrest us, you didn’t seem happy to join us, either.”
Akechi shrugs, “You did manage to convince me, in the end.” Twisted his arm, more like, but
it hardly matters when the result is the same, “I have no intention of backing out before we
complete our goal.”
Makoto stutters on a nod, “Good.”
Akechi hums, tilting his head, “Why does that concern you, anyway?” He raises an eyebrow,
“Surely you aren’t worried about my comfort.”
Makoto snorts, “Of course not. I just don’t want you holding us back.” She says, almost
teasing.
Akechi smirks, “I doubt that will be a problem.”
Makoto gives an exasperated sigh, “You’re so confident. But I suppose you do have the skill
to back it up.”
“I suppose I do.” Akechi says, disimpassioned.
(It’s a strange rapport Akechi has with Makoto; he thinks, as the High Priestess grows to rank
three.)
***
Further into the infiltration, Ren has yet to let Akechi back on the front lines. It’s quite
grating- Ren has yet to take a break himself, despite having been dizzy as well. Akechi
wishes he had pointed out the other’s hypocrisy while he had the chance.

But alas, he’s stuck making small talk with Makoto after their banter died down. Akechi finds
he much prefers the banter- Makoto keeps trying to talk about the weather.
Eventually, Ren calls to the reserves, “Queen, you’re up. Panther’s out of SP.”
Akechi places all his annoyance into a small sigh rather than the death glare he would have
preferred. Makoto jogs forward with a nod, as Ann walks over with an exaggerated yawn,
looking very ready to collapse.
“Hey Crow.” She drawls out, “Hiya Mona.”
Morgana looks up from where he seemed to be communicating with Futaba, “Hey, Panther!
Did you get sent back?”
“Yup.” Ann stretches her arms out over her head, “I went a little overboard towards the end
there.” She smiles, “Anyways, anything fun been happening back here?”
“Not really.” Akechi informs her.
“Nah.” Morgana confirms, “I’ve been trying to help Oracle out with the navigation a bit. This
palace has been kind of annoying.”
Ann tilts her head, frowning, “What do you mean?”
Morgana sighs, “Well, we still haven’t found a map- and we haven’t even stumbled across a
safe room yet! I think Joker’s going in circles.”
“Mona and I have been doing our best, but we really don’t have a lot to go on.” Futaba’s
voice grumbles from above, “Honestly, we probably should’ve gone home by now, but we
haven’t even been able to save our progress.”
“There really hasn’t been a map yet?” Akechi asks, eyebrow raised. He’s pretty sure he
remembers maps lying around in the times he’s slashed through Okumura’s palace. Even
now, Robin has a record of the palace layout sitting relatively unused in Akechi’s mind.
“There should be!” Futaba exclaims alongside the sound of frustrated keyboard clacks, “But
I think your awakening must have put this place on permanent high alert- what the hell did
you even do to these guys?”
“Nothing so extreme.” Akechi lies. How convenient that his terrorising of Okumura has
become yet another obstacle for the thieves’ progress. He gives himself a mental pat on the
back.
“Well, back to searching, I guess. There’s something really weird about this place.” Morgana
sighs, turning away to continue his discussion with Futaba.
“It must be kinda hard to be a navigator.” Ann muses, combing her hand through her hair,
“I’m no good at that analysis stuff- I just hit things.”
“You do hit them quite well.” Akechi says, “It’s good to specialise.”

“Charmer!” Ann says with a teasing grin, “Thanks, though. Skull, Fox, and I are definitely
damage focused. Though I guess you and Joker are as well…” She hums, “You’re like… allrounders!”
Akechi chuckles politely, “Such high regard.”
Ann bumps his shoulder, “You deserve it! I could hardly keep up with you two earlier. Sorry
Joker took you off the front- he’s just a worrier.”
“So I’ve been told.” Akechi says blankly.
Ann hums, tilting her head, “Well, if you’re annoyed- let’s talk about something else!” She
places her hand on her chin in a familiar pose, and Akechi can’t quite tell if he’s being
mocked, “Oh, I know! How about… what are your hobbies?”
Akechi blinks slowly, “We’re… doing icebreakers?”
“Why not?” Ann shrugs, “I said it before- we don’t know each other too well.”
Akechi feels like it will be a cold day in hell before he manages to keep up with Ann
Takamaki. He shrugs, and concedes, “I suppose… I enjoy cycling. I also go bouldering on
occasion.”
Ann sighs, “You’re just like Skull… that’s all fitness stuff.”
“Not a fan?” Akechi asks, amused.
Ann pouts, “I don’t hate it- and I’m a model, so I definitely need to keep fit, but like…” She
huffs, “Why exercise when I could be doing something else, y’know?”
“Is this the point where I turn the question?” Akechi asks dryly.
Ann nods cheerfully, “Sure is! Hmm… I like… oh!” She gains a small spring in her step, “I
love trying out new places to eat. Even for stuff I’ve had a million times before, each place
has their own spin, for better or worse.”
Akechi hums, “I find I do that a lot as well.”
Ann nods excitedly, before frowning, “…But you don’t enjoy it?”
Akechi shrugs, “It has its purposes- conversation topics, for one. But if I could cut out any
part of my schedule, I’d get rid of preparing for small talk with my coworkers first.”
Ann whistles, “Your schedule really must be crazy. I thought mine was bad, but you’ve got,
what; school, detective work, interviews, thieves’ stuff, whatever the hell else you do?”
That, on top of assassinations, manoeuvring a government conspiracy to its ruler’s whims,
and attempting to dismantle said conspiracy. “Something to that effect, yes.” Akechi nods.
“Though I’ve had less work in TV lately.”

Ann puffs out her cheeks, “I still don’t envy you.” She hums, “What’s next…” She sighs, “I
can’t think of anything good. Well, what did you do yesterday?”
Akechi derails his train of thought before it can go anywhere near the memory of his meeting
with Shido and his interaction with the cognition.
“Met with some very unpleasant people.” Akechi says brightly, “How about you?”
Ann makes a face, “Yikes, that sucks.” She grins triumphantly, “I win this round then!”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I was unaware this was a competition.”
“It is now!” Ann cheers, “I hung out with Shiho yesterday- we used to do these giant
shopping sprees all around Shibuya, and we’ve started doing them again!”
“Shiho?” Akechi asks. The name tugs a chord somewhere in Akechi’s mind.
“Shiho Suzui.” Ann says with a warm smile, and the memory clicks, “My best friend. We
haven’t been able to talk as much lately, since she’s moving schools, and since, well…” She
falters and trails off, before shaking her head rapidly and pasting on another bright grin,
“Anyway- we tried out so many new sweet places, and we played this game with window
shopping where we have to point out clothes that we-”
As Ann rambles on excitedly, Akechi feels the Sun grow to rank two.

Chapter End Notes

Cognitive Akechi pov? Cognitive Akechi pov.
I thought it would be funny for the cognition to be on a first name basis with himself
while the real deal is still stuck with "Akechi", and then I remembered I'm the author, so
[Maruki voice] I made it a reality
Holy shit thank you to all of you for the 1000+ kudos! I'm melting into a puddle on the
floor. I never expected so many people to enjoy this story and I'm beyond delighted to
be proven wrong <3 + more thank you's for all the comments, bookmarks, etc- ya'll are
amazing
Uh, not to be the bearer of bad news after me thanking you all, but at some point within
the next month, I'll likely be pulling back my update schedule to just once a week. I
started this fic when I didn't really have a lot happening in my life, but now that things
are happening again, I wont be able to keep up that kind of schedule. I don't have a
definitive date for this to go into effect, but just know at some point I'll only be doing
Thursday (likely Wednesday, for most of you) updates
Anyways, Futaba snags the coveted death arcana! I saw a couple of you predict that
when i asked, so kudos to you for seeing through my plans. [grumbles and shakes my

fist at the sky] and I would have succeeded too, if it weren't for you meddling kidsI did make more art! Just some stuff of Haru- come look here!
I don't have much else to say, other than that p3r has been pretty damn fun, so far. I'm at
around late June, from memory?
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Lotta rank ups, this time
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 8
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 7
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 5
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 2
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 7
___
Ann, glaring holes into a conspiracy board: What do you think Sumire-chan meant by
all that?
Ryuji: Not sure. But I sort of got distracted about sports half way through the
conversation, so I'll leave the analysis to you
Ann: That's fine
Ann:
Ann: Wait why are we doing this again
Ryuji: Uh. I dunno. I bought all this red yarn, though, and it seems kind of a waste not to
use it

Chapter 38
Chapter Summary

Palace infiltrations, and downtime.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire kicks at a vine that’s bleeding sap all over the ground. It’s pretty gross, but she
supposes it’s about the same amount of gross as shadow guts.
They’re in Sugimura’s palace, trying to make some more progress. They’ve stumbled into
something Sumire can only really describe as a maze- not a normal hedge maze like she
would have expected from a garden palace, but rather a series of curtain-like vines, obscuring
their vision and blocking their path in thick, clumped, tendrils, eerily reminiscent of the
cables that littered Maruki’s palace and Mementos during January.
Crow lets out a frustrated growl as he tries to hack at some of the vines with his serrated
sword, not finding it particularly effective. Noir stands to the side, idly tapping her grenade
launcher like she’s waiting for an excuse.
Sumire nudges Noir, giving her a look to convey that she might as well try.
Noir brightens, “Crow!” She calls, and Crow turns around and shoots her a look. She hefts
her grenade launcher onto her shoulder, “You might want to stand back!”
Crow makes a face, but obediently jumps back as Noir fires. There’s a loud explosion that
shakes the foundation of the room, the vines trembling. The smoke clears, however, and
while there is a sizable scorch mark, the vines remain otherwise unaffected.
“Huh.” Sumire mumbles, pressing her lips together.
Noir sighs, and pouts, “I really thought that would work.”
Crow glares at the vines, “Some cognition bullshit, I’d wager.” He folds his arms, “There’s
likely a puzzle or condition we haven’t met to move these- no other way around them.”
“Should we just…” Sumire starts, not very confident in her suggestion, “Try and make our
way through the maze?”
Noir frowns, “We could try…?” She gives the vines a concerned look, “There’s so little space
between each one, I’m worried we’d get stuck.”

Sumire shudders, “Or they’ll come to life or something.”
“Well, we can only hope that this is some puzzle to find the path, rather than an obstacle in
cognition.” Crow says, walking towards the largest gap in the vines, “I don’t want to know
what Sugimura considers ‘conditions for entry’.”
Noir trails behind him, “I would think I’d have already met them, if it was that.” She gives a
hopeful smile, “So probably just a puzzle!”
Crow hums, using his sword to part the vines for a few centimetres of extra room, Noir and
Sumire following behind.
It does seem to be a puzzle, the further in they go. A directional puzzle, by the looks of it.
A directional nightmare, Sumire corrects herself. Space is more than heavily warped- half the
time they’re just guessing which way to go.
No vines come to life to attack them, though, so that’s a plus.
Sometime during their trek through the maze, Sumire speaks up, “How are the thieves going
with Okumura’s palace, Crow?”
“Terribly.” He says, still facing forward, “They’ve yet to find a map, and only just found their
first safe room at the end of yesterday’s infiltration.”
“That’s good.” Noir says, “I was a little worried that they would get through the palace
quickly, and we’d be in trouble.”
“Our deadline for stopping them is nebulous.” Crow says with a nod, “As soon as they’ve
sent the calling card, we’re out of time, and we’ll have to make a lot of big decisions very
quickly.” A dark expression passes over his face.
Sumire frowns, “So do we just… stall?”
“That seems risky.” Noir shakes her head, “The last time we tried for something as vague as
that, it didn’t make a difference.”
“And we’d have to stall long enough to take out Sugimura and Shido.” Crow points out,
“Which could take months.”
Sumire hums, and furrows her brow, “Speaking of Shido, actually,” She shoots Crow a
pointed look, “What’s the plan?”
Crow presses his lips together.
Haru raises an eyebrow, “Crow…?”
Crow sighs, “I’m… not entirely sure.” He admits, and sighs, “I’ve unfortunately had to scrap
the idea of getting to kill him in the real world, given that would not end well for me.”

Sumire gives him a tentative smile and an encouraging nod.
He rolls his eyes, “I’ve mentioned it briefly before, but I do have a stock of real-world
evidence against Shido that could be of use. Mostly evidence of transactions and interactions
with various people that would not paint a pretty picture when cross referenced with the
mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns.”
Noir looks excited at his words, but then frowns, “But that alone won’t be enough, will it?”
“No.” Crow shakes his head.
Sumire hums, “Didn’t you mention giving him a psychotic breakdown so he’d have more
trouble covering anything up?”
Crow rolls out his shoulders as he pushes through another layer of vines, “That’s one option.”
He says.
Noir sighs, “Actually, Crow, if we want you to get you through this unscathed, we may have
to change tactics.”
Sumire frowns, “What do you mean?”
“Taking Shido out in this way was only viable when you didn’t intend on sticking around for
the aftermath,” Noir says to Crow, who gives a stiff nod in affirmation, “In that scenario, it
wouldn’t matter what Shido did to try and get out of it. One, because he’d be dead, and two,”
She sighs, “Well, you wouldn’t be around if he or his associates tried to bring you down with
them.”
Crow breathes out sharply, biting his lip, “I forgot about that, honestly. I didn’t have to
consider it before.”
“So you think he’d confess your involvement in the conspiracy if he realised he was
doomed?” Sumire asks, eyes widening.
“I don’t think, I know.” Crow huffs, “Noir’s right, we need something else altogether.”
Sumire doesn’t say the obvious. Noir doesn’t, either, but Sumire can tell that she’s thinking
the same thing.
Crow turns and glares at them both, “What.”
Noir frowns, “Couldn’t we ask the Phantom Thieves for help?”
Crow scowls.
Sumire bounces on the heels of her feet, “…Have you thought about it anymore?” Noir
shoots her a questioning look, and Sumire shakes her head to say ‘later’.
“I’m still thinking.” Crow snaps, turning back to force his way through more vines.

Noir sighs, looking lightly exasperated, “Well, in that case,” She wedges her axe against
some vines, “Shall we think of something a little more concrete than just ‘stalling’?”
“Honestly, the thieves are doing half the work for us by bumbling inefficiently through your
father’s palace.” Crow says, voice back to flat neutrality. He hums, “I think the only way to
get them to stop is if we give them a more pressing matter to attend to.”
Sumire tilts her head, “Like… forcing them to skip a step in Shido’s plan?”
Crow nods, “Every stage of the plan is crucial to what Shido wants to accomplish. He means
to orchestrate their downfall with Okumura’s death. But,” He grins, “If one Sae Niijima were
to get a head start on her investigation, and the thieves then had to try and dodge her efforts,
they’d have to put Okumura to the side for a bit.”
Noir taps her chin in thought, “That seems like it would be a bit delicate to perform, no? It
would distract the thieves, certainly- but if Niijima-san is too quick, then the thieves would
be arrested.”
“Just Ren-senpai would be arrested, probably.” Sumire amends, ducking her head, “I think
that’s what happened last time.”
Crow hums darkly, “Right.” He sighs, “A last resort, then.”
“We have a lot of those.” Noir points out lightly.
Sumire bites her lip. Noir’s not wrong- they seem to only be able to think of things that pose
an equal amount of risk as just letting events play out.
If the thieves send the calling card to Okumura, then either Okumura will die, or Crow will
be in danger. Actually- now that Sumire thinks about it, Okumura might die either way. Shido
has other assassins, after all.
The only idea they have to get the thieves to stop, (Beyond telling them everything) is to put
the thieves themselves in danger, which they definitely want to avoid.
It’s an either-or with no clear work around.
Sumire presses her lips together. Unless…?
“Can we, like,” She blurts, saying the first idea that pops into her head, “Fake your dad’s
death?”
Noir and Crow both blink. Noir points to herself, “Mine?”
“Yeah.” Sumire nods awkwardly.
Crow opens and closes his mouth a couple times, then turns to Noir, “You’re rich.” He states,
“How easy would it be for you to buy your way into faking someone’s death?”
Noir looks overwhelmed, “I don’t know. I’ve never really thought about it.” She says mildly.

“Understandable.” Sumire quips sheepishly, realising how crazy her suggestion is.
Noir’s lips tug into a thoughtful frown, “…Ignoring the feasibility of the idea,” She starts,
“What would it accomplish for us, really? It would still further Shido’s plans if everyone
thinks my father is dead.”
“It would stop us from having to choose who or what to sacrifice, when the thieves send the
calling card.” Crow says, “It could be a useful last resort.”
Sumire sighs wearily, “Another one, huh?”
Haru grimaces, but pastes on a bright smile, “Well, at least this one means we don’t really
have to give up anything!”
“It just doesn’t get us anywhere, either.” Crow makes a small, frustrated, huff.
“Well, we have time.” Noir says lightly, in a way that makes it clear that they do not have
time.
Crow snorts, just as he stumbles forward, finally pushing through the thicket of vines into a
clearing, with the shimmering door of a safe room just ahead.
“We solved it!” Sumire cheers.
“’Solved’ might be pushing it, Violet.” Crow says flatly, an amused slant to his lips.
Noir giggles, “Well, we made it out either way.”
They make their way over to the safe room, marking their progress in the Metanav and
slumping into the chairs.
“Crow.” Noir speaks up, and Crow gives her a hum of acknowledgement, “I really think you
should give some consideration into asking the thieves for help.” She says with a serious
expression, “It can only be beneficial to us.”
Crow scowls, and ducks his head to glare at their supplies, reorganising them unnecessarily,
“I’ve already gotten this speech from Violet. You don’t have to repeat it at me.”
“…Made any decisions?” Sumire asks tentatively.
“I already said I’m still thinking.” Crow snaps, shoulders tensing.
Sumire sighs softly.
(In Akechi’s mind, as he simmers and dodges thoughts that tug him in every direction, he
feels the Fool grow to rank six, and the chaos calms just a fraction.)
***

After they leave the palace, and bid farewell to Haru, Sumire tugs on Akechi’s arm with an
expression that spells a conversation that Akechi isn’t particularly enthused to have.
He sighs, “What.”
“Goro.” She starts, a determined glint in her eye, “Can we find somewhere to talk?”
“Is that really a question?” Akechi asks with a raised eyebrow.
Sumire smiles, “Well, ‘where’s a good place to talk’ is.” She laughs slightly, “We’re talking
no matter what, though.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and brings out his phone, “Mementos is as good a place as any.”
Sumire nods brightly, and they duck into an alley to activate the Nav again.
Sumire doesn’t even bother finding a place to sit down before she pierces Akechi with a look.
She puts her hands of her hips, and slightly raises her feet to gain a little more height, “I
know why you’re so conflicted about asking the Phantom Thieves for help.” She declares.
Akechi raises an eyebrow. That’s news to him.
He decides to humour her, “Oh?”
She nods confidently, “Yes!” She awkwardly slumps back down into a normal standing pose,
readjusting her glasses on her face. “All this stuff is dangerous, and you’re worried about
them, aren’t you?”
Akechi tilts his head.
Is he?
Strictly speaking, targeting Shido is no more or less dangerous than any other unusually
strong palace ruler. So long as the Phantom Thieves aren’t reckless fools, then they should be
fine- especially with a party of ten.
(Oh, but Ren is certainly a fool.)
So perhaps he is a little concerned.
“That is… an aspect.” Akechi concedes, “I’m not quite sure how much I trust the thieves to
not fuck this up.”
Sumire frowns, “Um, that’s not… quite what I meant.” Akechi is well aware. “…What about
the other aspects, though?”
Akechi sighs, and leans back against the alley wall. “I am…” He begins, mulling the words
over, “Not happy, about the fact that the thieves apparently targeted Shido last time.”

Sumire’s eyes widen, “Really? But…” She falters, “From what I could tell, you were the one
who asked them to do it.”
“Which means I failed.” Akechi hisses, “I don’t know what happened last time, but clearly I
fucked up enough that I needed to go crawling to the Phantom Thieves for help- and I do not
want to do that again.”
Sumire pauses, nodding slowly. “Um,” She starts tentatively, “I don’t know if it’s… failure,
per se…”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Spare me the platitudes.”
“Really!” She insists, “It’s like… just because I have a coach and people who’ve supported
me, doesn’t mean I haven’t earned it when I place well at gymnastics meets.”
“Are you suggesting I allow the Phantom Thieves to coach me through my revenge?” Akechi
asks dryly, giving her a flat look.
She smiles sheepishly, “Okay, maybe the metaphor isn’t perfect- but my point’s still there!”
“The point being that I should suck it up?” Akechi drawls, “That’s hardly helpful, Sumire.”
Sumire huffs, “You’re not being very helpful either.”
“Fuck, I know.” Akechi drags a hand through his hair, “I know, I know, that the best thing to
do here is to ask them for help, I can see that- I just-” He scrunches his face, and leans back
to glare up at the distorted sky.
“…Just what?” Sumire prompts.
“I hate that I don’t have a choice.” Akechi spits, “That’s what’s pissing me off the most.”
“You do have a choice.” Sumire says quietly, “If you really want to find another way, then we
can.”
Akechi scowls, “It also annoys me how far you’re willing to go to help me.”
Sumire sighs slightly, looking mildly exasperated.
They stand in uncomfortable silence for a beat.
“You keep saying that they would help.” Akechi continues, eventually, finding that it’s hard
to stop spilling all his thoughts now that he’s started, “But I can’t seem to find it in myself to
believe you.”
Sumire nods slowly, frowning. She gives a small smile, “Is knowledge of the future not
enough to convince you?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Given that I wasn’t there, no.”

She tilts her head, “Don’t trust me?”
Akechi shoots her a glare.
Sumire seems to deflate with the lack of a response, “Oh…” She mumbles.
“Don’t misunderstand.” Akechi cuts in sharply, “I would trust you with my life.”
“Oh.” She brightens, then frowns again, “But not to tell you the truth?”
Akechi opens his mouth, then clicks it shut, finding the words caught in his throat. “I…” He
starts, then clicks his tongue, “I sincerely doubt that you would lie to me for malicious
intent.”
Sumire nods encouragingly.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and continues, “And yet, I cannot seem to make myself believe you
when you tell me that the thieves would stand my presence if they knew the truth.”
Sumire laughs weakly, “I don’t really know how to make you believe me.”
Akechi shrugs. He doesn’t know either.
Sumire shifts, “Do you want me to tell you more about last timeline?”
Akechi tilts his head, and raises an eyebrow, “You’ve already given me the broad strokes,
no?”
“No, well- yes,” She starts, excitement beginning to dawn on her face, “But- you know, last
time, you me, and Ren-senpai also all ran into each other at the station and ended up going to
a café together?”
Akechi narrows his eyes. He remembers that day. “That happened last time, as well?” He
asks, incredulous.
Sumire nods, “Yes! It started a bit differently- you were the one to interrupt the conversation
last time,” She giggles, “But you suggested us going on an outing both times. In hindsight, it
was really obvious that you were messing with us, but I didn't really notice until it happened
again.”
Akechi’s lips pull upwards slightly as he snorts. “What else?” He prompts.
Sumire taps her chin, and laughs pre-emptively, “Well, at first it was just you, me, and Rensenpai infiltrating Maruki’s palace, and you were our navigator.” Her smile grows even
wider, “You had some… interesting things to say. There was this one time you got
brainwashed-” She dissolves into giggles before she can properly finish the story.
“It was just us three for a bit, hm?” Akechi tilts his head, smile crawling over his face despite
his attempts to reign it in.

Sumire nods cheerfully, “Mmhm! I didn’t know you super well at the time,” She laughs
sheepishly, “You honestly kinda scared me a little.”
“I’m surprised I still don’t.” Akechi says wryly.
Sumire shakes her head, grin unabating, “Well, you know, you see someone covered in
shadow guts enough times…”
Akechi snorts.
Sumire taps her fingers against the alley wall behind her, “And you and Ren-senpai were
really close last time.” She hesitates, “You seem close this time, too.” She says, smile turning
strangely fond.
Akechi scoffs, “People keep saying that.”
Sumire tilts her head, amused, “Really?”
Akechi shrugs, not really wanting to count all the times he’s gotten a comment on the
‘closeness’ of his and Ren’s relationship.
He supposes it hasn’t happened that often- but, well. More than once is already cause for
concern in his book.
Sumire leans in conspiratorially, “Well are you close?”
Akechi’s thoughts stutter.
‘Close’ is such a useless and subjective word, he thinks. He supposes he could consider
himself ‘close’ with Haru and Sumire, given they know a frightening amount about him, and
still insist on staying at his side.
Ren only knows of Akechi’s past in the vaguest sense- none of the things that are truly
important; revenge, bloodshed, grief, confusion. And yet, Akechi has confided small details
about himself to Ren in the past. He took the other boy to the jazz club, for some reason, has
spoken off-handedly about why he always wears gloves.
The conversations he has with Ren are distinctly different from the ones he has with any of
his other arcana. He enjoys them- the banter, the debate, the back and forth, and fucking hell“Fuck, I don’t know.” Akechi snaps, dragging his hands down his face, “He barely knows
anything about me- not really, so why am I so-?” He lets out a frustrated huff. “Attached?”
He settles on.
Sumire looks delighted, “You like him!” She says, like that explains anything.
“What does that even mean in this context?” Akechi hisses, shooting her an ineffective glare.
“…That you like him?” Sumire offers, unhelpfully.

Akechi shoots her another weak glare, and she laughs.
“It doesn’t have to be so complicated, Goro.” She says, hiding her grin behind her hand.
“It is for me.” Akechi mutters, ducking his head.
Sumire’s smile falters slightly, but she nods, and hums in acknowledgement.
They lean against the alley wall in silence, not uncomfortable, this time; Akechi, lost in
thought, and Sumire seemingly much the same.
After a while, Sumire frowns, “I wonder how the thieves found the god of control?” She
laughs breathily, “I mean, they killed it- so something happened. I don’t know much else,
though.”
Akechi blinks.
The what.
“The what.” Akechi voices.
Sumire’s head snaps up, “Did.” She starts, blinking rapidly, “Did I not tell you?”
Akechi blinks very slowly.
“No.” He says.
Sumire gapes at him, and Akechi lets out a very long and very weary sigh, pinching the
bridge of his nose. “For starters,” He says, “I take that this god is separate from your shitty
counsellor?”
Sumire quickly nods.
Akechi breathes deeply. “Alright.” He gestures vaguely. When Sumire just gives him a blank
look in response, he scowls, “Are you going to explain what the fuck you’re talking about?”
Sumire startles back to attention, “Right. Yes.” She laughs under her breath, “I can’t believe I
never told you.”
Akechi shoots her a flat look.
“I- yes.” Sumire wrings her hands, “So, I wasn’t actually there. But, I remember, on
Christmas eve, the sky started raining blood.”
“Wonderful weather.” Akechi deadpans.
Sumire laughs slightly, “It was kind of a shock, yeah. But Ren-senpai told me that they
basically found a god at the bottom of Mementos, and they had to fight it.”
“As one does.” Akechi drawls, voice even flatter.

Sumire shrugs weakly. “Apparently, after they killed that god, Maruki took its place? Like
there was a power vacuum, or something, and Maruki got lucky.”
Akechi buries his face in his hands, “Great. Wonderful.” He says, slightly muffled by his
gloves, “Another thing to add to the pile.”
“…Sorry?” Sumire offers.
Akechi waves a hand, “The existence of a presumably antagonistic god is hardly your fault.
Honestly, I’m barely surprised. The Metaverse has had weirder.”
Sumire giggles lightly at that. She hums, “Can you even reach the bottom of Mementos?”
“I’ve never tried.” Akechi says, “Never had a reason to.” He frowns, pressing his lips
together, “We should probably check that out, honestly. And tell Haru-san.”
Sumire nods. She smiles awkwardly, “Well, we were already dealing with one god, so what’s
one more?”
Akechi stares at her blankly.
She falters, “Yeah, no, I don’t really believe that either.”
Akechi snorts, and the Magician reaches rank nine.
***
Following the bombshell that there is yet another god that is apparently waiting in the wings,
presumably for an inopportune moment, doesn’t do much to improve Akechi’s mood.
There are, thankfully, no scheduled thieves’ meetings for the next few days; so Akechi is free
to stew in his annoyance. Another thing for the pile, he supposes. At the very least, the issue
seems somewhat disconnected from the ones they’re facing in reality.
Akechi turns onto central street. It’s just after school, so there are clumps of school student
meandering about, chatting and yelling and window shopping in inconvenient places.
Akechi passes by the arcade, and raises an eyebrow when he sees Ren and Sakamoto
crowded around a claw machine, looking at the game with an intensity usually reserved for
shadows they’re tearing into.
Akechi walks forward, bemused, silently joining the other two in staring at Ren’s efforts at
snagging some stuffed toy that looks an awful like one of the jack frosts that Akechi has seen
in Mementos.
Ren just barely misses getting the prize, and groans in frustration, smacking his forehead
against the glass of the machine. Sakamoto pats his shoulder gravely in commiseration.
“You’ll get it next time.” Akechi says blandly, causing both Ren and Sakamoto to flinch
violently.

“Shit, when did you get here?!” Sakamoto yelps.
Ren flushes, “Uh, how long were you watching?”
Akechi smiles brightly, “Just long enough to see you fail.”
Ren grimaces, then pastes on a cocky smirk, “Think you can do better, detective?”
Akechi places a hand on his chin performatively, “Well, given that the nature of these
machines is to increase the odds of success the more money you give them; yes, I believe my
luck would be better than yours.”
Ren clicks his tongue, “Damn.”
Sakamoto blinks, “Shit, for real?” He shoots a glare at the claw machine, “Thing’s been
stealing all my money…”
“You’d probably be better off buying the plush outright.” Akechi comments.
Sakamoto makes a face, “Yeah, but there’s just somethin’ about winnin’ it, y’know?”
Ren nods sagely in agreement, and Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Is that so?”
Sakamoto shrugs, “Yeah, like…” He trails off, “I dunno, it just feels better.”
Ren laughs slightly, and kicks off from where he’s leaning against the claw machine, “I’m
gonna go get a drink or something,” He looks between Akechi and Sakamoto, “You guys
want anything?”
“Nah, I’m good bro,” Sakamoto says with a wave of his hand.
Akechi shrugs slightly, “I’ll have whatever you recommend.”
Sakamoto’s eyes widen, and he shakes his head furiously, “Dude. Don’t tempt him. He will
buy the weirdest shit he can find.”
Ren blinks innocently, “What are you talking about?”
“Dude!” Sakamoto gestures violently, “You gave me a drink with placenta in it once! That
ain’t normal!”
Ren shrugs, lips twitching in a poorly supressed grin, “It restores sp.”
“Then give it to Ann!” Sakamoto whines.
“I suppose I’ll pass on ‘whatever you recommend’, then.” Akechi says dryly.
Ren stops supressing the smirk on his face, “What?” He tilts his head, “Can’t handle it?”
Dick. “Do your worst, Ren.” Akechi shoots back brightly.

Ren laughs, and walks off towards a vending machine.
Sakamoto shakes his head, “Your funeral, dude.” He snorts slightly, “You two are pretty
weird.”
If Akechi has to hear yet another commentary about the way he and Ren interact, he might
just snap. He still hasn’t recovered from when Sumire threw her opinion into the ring.
Thankfully, Sakamoto does not press the topic, and instead lets the silence sit.
Akechi isn’t actually sure if that’s much better. Silence doesn’t sit well with Sakamoto, and it
shows. The other boy keeps opening and closing his mouth like he wants to say something,
but keeps thinking better of it.
Eventually, Sakamoto cracks. “So…” He starts, “Uh, we don’t know each other too well,
huh?”
“That is…” Akechi furrows his brow, “Almost word for word what Ann-san said to me the
other day.”
“Really? Shit.” Sakamoto presses his lips together in annoyance, “I thought she woulda told
me to say somethin’ a little different from her…”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Did you ask Ann-san for advice in talking to me?”
“Well don’t be judgey.” Sakamoto folds his arms with a huff, “No offence, but you’re not
exactly the easiest guy to start a conversation with.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Then why go to the effort? It’s no secret that you aren’t fond of
me.”
“Well, yeah, but,” Sakamoto gesture awkwardly, “Ren likes you, and he’s my best bro, so I
thought I should, y’know,” He cuts himself off, and shrugs, “Well, he sees something in you.”
“Something.” Akechi repeats blankly.
“Yeah,” Sakamoto continues, either oblivious to or ignoring Akechi’s tone, “N’ the main
reason I didn’t like you is ‘cause of all that shit you said on TV, but it turns out you were
tryin’ to help us, so…”
Akechi hums noncommittally.
Sakamoto groans, “You’re makin’ this hard on purpose, aren’t you?”
Akechi manages to turn his scowl into an apologetic grimace, “I’m not very good at this, I’m
afraid.”
“What, talking?” Sakamoto asks, incredulous.

“Connecting with my peers.” Akechi corrects dryly, “I’m afraid I don’t have a lot of
experience.”
Sakamoto furrows his brow, “But, aren’t you friends with Sumire and Haru? Plus Ren?”
Point. “Those three are…” Akechi mulls it over, because frankly he doesn’t know, “Weird.”
A woefully inadequate word, and yet tragically accurate.
Sakamoto snorts, “You sure you aren’t the weird one?”
“Well, common denominators and whatnot.” Akechi shrugs, conceding the point. He
certainly can’t attest to being normal.
Sakamoto laughs properly at that, “Well hey, all us thieves are pretty weird, so you’ve got
nothin’ to worry about.”
“If you say so.” Akechi says dispassionately.
It isn’t surprising, per se, but it is certainly curious when the world cracksI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Chariot arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.
Shiji-Ouki hums in his chest. Akechi had half forgotten the persona was there.
Ren walks back over to them, holding two drinks and a suspiciously self-satisfied smirk. He
holds out one of the drinks towards Akechi, covering the label with his hand.
Akechi sighs, “Do I not at least get to know the name of my demise?”
“S’kinda dramatic.” Sakamoto mumbles.
“Nope.” Ren says, smirk growing wider, “So fatalistic of you, too. Are you that certain that
I’ll win?”
“What even is the competition here?!” Sakamoto hisses.
Akechi ignores the boy’s confusion, and simply takes the drink in his hands with a pleasant
smile, cracking it open and taking a sip.
And almost immediately spits it out- because fucking hell that drink is disgusting.
Akechi takes a long, deep breath. “Amamiya.”

Ren’s smile looks like it must be hurting his face at this point, “Yeah?”
“Why the fuck would you buy this.”
Sakamoto throws up his hands, “See! That shit’s nasty!”
Akechi takes a look at the label, “Ah. The fabled placenta.”
Sakamoto shakes his head, turning to Ren, “Dude. You need new material.”
Ren looks seconds from a laughing fit. “I dunno.” He says, smile straining his voice, “Still
pretty funny to me.”
***
Perhaps Akechi should have more faith in the thieves’ ability to be inconveniences, he thinks,
as just one day after his chat with Sakamoto, he finds himself face to face with Kitagawa,
who seemed to take a leaf out of Ann’s book and just dragged him right off the street.
Akechi was already well aware that the thieves were inconveniences. But really, all of this
seems like a bit fucking much.
“Can I help you…?” Akechi asks, somehow managing to keep his smile in place.
“Yes!” Kitagawa nods eagerly, “I was hoping to speak with you, and Ann informed me this
was the best way to get your attention,” God damnit. “Could I perhaps have a moment of
your time?”
“You’ve already taken one.” Akechi grits through a strained smile.
“Ah! Then you will not mind if I take several more.” Kitagawa says cheerfully. “You see, I
was gifted these tickets to the Ueno art museum, and I was wondering if you might join me.”
“Don’t you have other people you can take?” Akechi asks brightly, “Surely someone with
more knowledge of the arts than I would be a better companion for such an outing.”
“No.” Kitagawa says simply, “I would wish to go with you.”
“Did Ren put you all up to this or something?” Akechi says, more snappish than he intends.
It’s the only reason he can think of at this point.
Kitagawa blinks, looking lightly perplexed, “Whatever do you mean?”
“I have been systematically cornered by all of you over the past few days.” Akechi starts
slowly, because these people continue to be unsubtle, “All under the pretence of ‘getting to
know me better.’”
Kitagawa tilts his head, “You’re our teammate, now. Is it not natural to want to know you,
given we will be spending a lot of time together?”

Well, what does Akechi know? Maybe this is normal.
He thinks on it for a beat.
No. Still off-putting. But, no way to turn down the request at this point without committing a
social faux pas.
“I suppose I will join you then, Kitagawa-san.” Akechi says with a pleasant smile.
Kitagawa brightens, “Excellent! I found an abandoned wallet, earlier, so I won’t have to ask
for your assistance with the train fare.”
How is this man alive. Or real, for that matter.
***
The trip to Ueno is spent in relative silence, much to Akechi’s relief.
He can’t tell what the thieves’ angles are, and it’s starting to grate on his nerves. They must
want something- there’s no reason for them to be so pushy, otherwise. These encounters,
however clumsy, are distinctly planned- and if Kitagawa is to be believed, not a result of Ren
asking them to play nice.
So what the fuck do they want?
Tread carefully, Robin advises in a whisper, Perhaps they have cause for suspicion.
THEY’RE JUST LIKE THIS. Loki dismisses, THEY WERE FRIENDLY WITH THE
MAGICIAN AND STRENGTH, IN THE PAST. WHY SHOULD YOU BE ANY
DIFFERENT?
But Akechi was different. His presence used to be met with barely concealed annoyance- is
his begrudging teamwork with the thieves enough to change their opinion so drastically?
Akechi cuts off his train of thought as he steps off the subway with Kitagawa. If it benefits
him, it shouldn’t matter.
It doesn’t matter, he corrects.
“My interest in certain styles of art has been piqued after my encounters with the Metaverse.”
Kitagawa starts as the two of them step into the art museum, “My focus used to be on
classical Japanese styles, often combined with contemporary practices, drawn from both the
east and west.” He looks between the various halls to take with a barely concealed
excitement, “But now, I find myself curious about aspects of the art canon I had neglected
before.”
Akechi hums, “Are you curious as to the way art has shaped the collective unconscious? Or
vice versa?”

“Precisely.” Kitagawa nods, seemingly pleased that Akechi has caught on, “Recently, I
looked into the litany of artworks born from various religions. Though I’m not particularly
religious myself, it was enlightening to see unique ideas in a context I never would have
interacted with.” He falters, “Though, Ren and I nearly got kicked out of the church we were
in.”
Akechi doesn’t want to know.
YES YOU DO.
He does, but he’s not stupid enough to ask.
“What is it that you’re looking for here?” Akechi asks instead, gesturing to the museum
around them.
Kitagawa starts off down one of the halls, “I’m looking for depictions of some of the
shadows we have faced in the past. Keeping in the theme of my recent curiosity on religious
works, I’d like to see some of the paintings depicting various angels.” He tilts his head in
thought, “Ren has added more angels to his roster of personas as of late, so I suppose that is a
factor as well.”
Akechi makes a sound of acknowledgement, thinking back to Ren’s stash of masks. He does
recall there being an abundance of angels that the boy had been swapping between.
The Justice arcana thrums a small note, for some reason, and Akechi shoves it down.
“Is it simply curiosity for curiosity’s sake?” Akechi asks as he tries to keep up with
Kitagawa’s rapid steps, “Or do you have a goal in mind for this venture?”
“It is important for one to expand their horizons,” Kitagawa says serenely, “You never know
when inspiration may strike.”
“Inspiration for…?” Akechi prompts, wondering if he missed part of this conversation.
“Art.” Kitagawa states simply, “I’ve been searching for new ideas, as I’ve been in something
of a slump ever since Madarame…” He trails off, his steps slowing as a weak frown spreads
across his face. He shakes his head, as if to clear his thoughts, “Well, that hardly matters.” He
says matter-of-factly, “I am looking for inspiration. That is all.”
It is with that, that the world then cracksI am thou, thou art I
Thou hast acquired a new bond.
It will lead thee closer to freedom, by traversing the hidden depths of one’s soul.
Through the forging of the Hanged Man arcana, thou hast gained a glimpse of the power of
rebellion, and hast begun to uncover thine own truth.

Well. That’s all the thieves, it seems. It isn’t surprising that all of them are supposedly tied to
his fate in some way, but it is still somewhat off-putting.
“I see.” Akechi says breezily.
Kitagawa nods shortly, and turns his attention to the paintings lining the walls. Occasionally,
he’ll point to a painting and spout some fact or other, barely sounding like he’s actually
speaking to Akechi rather than the empty air.
If Akechi had been warned of this outing in advance, then he could have researched some
facts of his own, rather than only being able to interject with vague hums of feigned interest.
Kitagawa doesn’t seem to care either way, so Akechi supposes it doesn’t matter.

Chapter End Notes

social link go!
There hasn't been a lot of space to write most of the thieves in an indivudual setting- I
think the last one-on-one scenes with Ryuji and Yusuke were with Sumire, wayyyy back
in chapters 1-3. Anyway, my point is that they're rEALLY FUNNY to write and I love
them with my whole heart LMAO
Fun fact, I was initally going to have Futaba be the Hanged Man, but I couldn't think of
anything that fit Yusuke better other than just defaulting him to Emperor (I considered
Fortune, but I don't think it quite fits), so Futaba snagged Death instead. I think it all still
fits, so no harm done i suppose
So! Last chapter I said I wasn't sure when I'd be dropping back to once-a-week updates;
I could have taken one (1) look at my calender and found out, but I was lazy lol.
Anyway, now that time has meaning again, I can safely say that starting next week i'll
only be updating on Thursdays. Depending on how busy I get, I might have to pull back
even more, but I'm feeling optimistic! The average word count per chapter has been
steadily on the rise, anyway, so updates won't be too short, at least.
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Aaand that's offically all the arcana that will be making an appearence in
this fic! (with one teeny exception) It's all rank-ups from here!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6

Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 7
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 6
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 6
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 3
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 2
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 1
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 7
___
Ryuji: Ann. Help. How do I talk to Akechi?
Ann: ??? I dunno, I just kidnapped him off the street and said we don't know each other
too well
Ryuji: Sick. I'll do the second thing. I ain't about to get arrested.
Yusuke: Excellent. I shall do the former, then.

Chapter 39
Chapter Summary

Palace progress, and moments of reprieve.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Third. Again.
Sumire looks out from her position on the podium, and forces a smile.
Third is fine! Really. It’s good enough. It’s good that she placed at all.
(Except it isn’t, because she’s had nearly a year to grow and learn, and be better- third wasn’t
good enough last time, and so it won’t be this time; why is everything the same?)
She had performed her new routine at the meet- the one she chose when she initially got
thrown back in time. She performed well enough, no major mistakes, but the same two girls
who managed to rank higher than her last time did the same this time, and Sumire knows it’s
her own fault, but it still stings.
Sumire gathers her things once the meet wraps up, and leaves.
She’s had other things to focus on, is the excuse that she repeats in her mind. Surely, her
dream can be put on hold to make sure the world doesn’t end.
Sumire swallows, and tries not to think about Kasumi’s bright smile when she declared she
wanted to be top of the world.
She feels terrible for neglecting what she had promised. And then she feels bad for feeling
bad- because the whole world could end, I’m sorry Kasumi please understandSumire barely notices that she’s called Haru until she hears the line start to ring.
“Sumi-chan?” Haru’s airy voice comes through the line, “Hello! Did you need something?”
Sumire opens her mouth, and feels like there’s something stuck in her throat. She swallows,
and coughs slightly. “…Um.” She starts, voice not entirely unstuck, “I had a gymnastics meet
today.”
“Really?” Haru says, and Sumire can almost hear her sweet smile, and it calms her down a
bit, “You should have said! How did it go?”

“I… placed third.” Sumire says, unsure what emotion to inject into her voice.
“That’s amazing!” Haru cheers, sounding delighted. “Congratulations!”
“Thanks.” Sumire mumbles, because that’s what you’re supposed to say when people
congratulate you.
There’s a pause. “Are you not happy with it?” Haru asks tentatively.
Sumire lets out a long, heavy breath, “Not really.” She admits quietly.
There’s a soft hum, “Did you think you could have done better?”
“I should have done better.” Sumire blurts, curling in on herself.
Haru sighs slightly, “Well, third is still quite incredible.” She makes a small noise of
consideration, “…What did you place last time? Last timeline, that is.”
“Also third.” Sumire says, feeling mortified at how her voice wobbles, “So I guess I haven’t
improved at all.”
“That’s not true.” Haru insists firmly, “Or, it doesn’t mean that you’re incapable of
improving. Other things have taken priority.”
“That’s what’s making me feel so bad, though.” Sumire chokes out, as smoothly as she can.
She wanders over to a park bench to slump down on.
Haru hums again, “…It’s not like you only have this year.” She laughs, “We’re making sure
all those bad things don’t happen, right? You have all the time in the world.”
Sumire huffs, “I don’t have time, though.” She says, voice wet, “The retirement age for
gymnastics is so young…” She trails off.
There’s a pause. “…It is young, all things considered.” Haru concedes, “But one year of
minimal progress won’t kill you- especially when that year doesn’t quite count, from an
outside perspective.” She laughs, “I’m sure that everyone else thinks you’ve actually
improved quite a bit!”
“But I know I haven’t…” Sumire mumbles, and then winces as she realises how childish that
sounds.
And then, she thinks about how she really hasn’t had an extra year at all. Can she really
consider anything that she did under Maruki’s spell ‘improvement’, when she was training
for a body that wasn’t hers at all?
The universe granted her a chance to take back the time that was stolen from her, and she still
hasn’t done anything with it“You still have time.” Haru repeats, “And… you’re allowed to have other interests. Or, well,
other projects?”

Sumire sniffs, laughing slightly, “Goro said pretty much the same thing, a while ago.”
Haru giggles, “Well, if we both said it, then you should listen to us! We are your senpai, after
all.” She says teasingly.
Sumire laughs properly, feeling some of the weight on her chest lift.
There’s a beat of silence before Haru speaks again, “I don’t actually have a lot of experience
with competitions. My hobbies are mostly individual activities.”
“Didn’t you do ballet?” Sumire asks.
“Oh, yes,” Haru says, “But I was so young that I hadn’t even begun to consider it in a more
professional sense.” She laughs, a hint of self-deprecation colouring her voice, “The only
reason I really tried was because I wanted my father to see how hard I’d worked.”
Sumire hums, nodding slowly to herself. “I…” She starts, then clears her throat, “I was like
that. I think I’m still like that, honestly.” She gives a nervous laugh, “I wanted my sister to
see what I could do, and… live up to the dream she wanted for the both of us, I guess.”
“Ah…” Haru pauses, “Do you want that dream, too?”
“I think so.” Sumire says, hating how she can’t make herself sound more confident. She sighs
weakly, “I don’t know. I feel like I’m spiralling.”
“Maybe you need another hobby?” Haru laughs at Sumire’s pointed silence, “I know it
seems counterintuitive, but maybe there are just some things you need to figure out.”
Sumire sighs wearily, “I guess…” She smiles, even though Haru can’t see it, “And, thank
you, Haru-senpai. For… talking.”
“It’s no problem!” Haru says brightly, “I’m glad I could help a little bit, Sumi-chan.”
“Yeah.” Sumire’s smile widens, “See you.”
Haru returns the farewell, and the line clicks off.
Sumire stands up, brushing off her pants. She looks up, andOh.
She’s near the Odaiba stadium. She didn’t even realise that she had wandered so far. Instinct,
perhaps?
She slowly steps towards the flat metal fencing that surrounds the construction site. For a
moment, she can overlay her vision with the memory of psychedelic silvers, shifting and
holographic.
Sumire frowns, and takes out her phone. She clicks open the Nav.

“Takuto Maruki.”
Candidate found.
Still there. Of course, why wouldn’t it be? Maybe Sumire was just hoping for something to
be taken off her plate.
She doesn’t try to enter the palace. She gets the feeling that Haru and Goro would be upset if
she went alone, and Sumire isn’t exactly in any rush to see the crisp and clinical laboratory
anytime soon.
She tears her eyes away, and walks off.
***
The next day, Sumire, Haru, and Goro make another trip into Sugimura’s palace.
“Another one?” Noir asks, somewhat weakly, as Sumire finishes getting her up to speed on
the god of control situation.
“Yep.” Sumire confirms dispassionately, “I… don’t know much else, to be honest. I only
really saw the sky turn red and rain blood before everything was over.”
“It’s good that the thieves told you this much at all.” Crow says dryly from where he’s taking
the lead through Sugimura’s palace, “Given their lack of explanation about every other aspect
of their affairs.”
Sumire laughs, “Well, I actually asked about this one. It was kinda hard to ignore.”
Noir giggles behind her hand, “I can imagine.” She hums, “So you said this god was at the
bottom of Mementos?”
Sumire nods, “Yeah. I’ve seen where it was, when we went into Mementos for Maruki’s
palace.” She furrows her brow, “Uh, I guess Maruki kind of added onto it? There were a lot
of… cables.”
“We’ll have to check it out at some point.” Crow cuts in, “I’m not sure if any of us are
present enough within the public cognition to make it that far.”
“I suppose we’ll just have to go look.” Haru says with a sigh. She glances uncomfortably
around the palace, “It’s getting a bit humid in here.” She remarks lightly.
Sumire swallows, feeling the weight of the air press down, “It’s like a greenhouse…”
Crow’s lips twist in something between a sneer and a scowl, “Let’s keep moving.”
They run into several shadows along their path. It’s easy to destroy them, though. Sumire
smiles at how strong her and Crow are, and even Noir, who’s lacking in experience, is
beginning to catch up in skill. Weirdly, she sees little hints of ballet in some of Noir’s steps,

and she wonders idly, with a bit of pride, if she was inspired by Sumire’s use of gymnastics in
her fighting.
She also seems to be mimicking Crow’s propensity for more… gore-y violence, but from
what Sumire remembers of January, that might have always been there.
“So, Crow,” Sumire eventually says into the silence between battles, “How are the thieves?”
Crow’s face immediately twists in some blend of frustration, annoyance, and confusion.
“They’re… doing well.”
Noir tilts her head questioningly, “How do they feel about you, specifically?”
Crow’s expression twists even further, “They’re oddly… friendly.”
Sumire laughs, “Well, they’re kind of just like that.”
Crow shakes his head, “No, it’s-” He huffs, “I feel like something’s off. Joker doesn’t seem to
have trust in the fact I can take care of myself. One little scratch and he looks at me like I’m
about to keel over.” He scoffs, “And the rest of the thieves seem weirdly adamant on getting
to know me.”
Noir frowns slightly, “That doesn’t seem so odd.” She says tentatively.
Sumire pauses, and wrings her hands, “Um.” She starts, “Well, recently they’ve been acting a
bit weird towards me, too.”
Crow’s head snaps up, and Noir looks alarmed. “Meaning?” Crow asks.
“Well, I spoke with Ann-senpai and Ryuji-senpai the other day,” Sumire explains, “And
they… well they were just a bit awkward?” She gives a stilted laugh, “I thought I was just
overreacting, but if you also think that they’re acting strange, Crow, then…”
Noir hums lowly, “Do you think they’re onto us?” She frowns, “We haven’t given them a
reason to be suspicious, have we?”
Crow shakes his head, “I’m not sure. They haven’t been acting suspicious, per se, more…”
He presses his lips together, “Overly concerned.”
“And what about how they’ve been acting towards Violet?” Noir presses.
“I’m sure it’s nothing!” Sumire insists, “I’m probably just-”
“I’m not sure.” Crow interrupts, “I would try to question them for their opinions, but I fear
that would rouse their suspicions even more, should they exist.”
Noir sighs, “That’s true… They already know that we’re all friends, but reminding them that
we confide in each other might cause them to be more wary.”

Sumire tries not to feel too annoyed at being interrupted, but she supposes that Crow was
brushing off her attempt at brushing off herself, so…? “Maybe we can just try to… be less
suspicious?” Sumire tries, with waning confidence.
Crow sighs heavily, “That does seem to be our only option.” He scowls, and eyes the
surrounding garden. “I’m sick of talking about things we have no control over. Let’s kill
something.”
Noir seems to brighten at that, and even Sumire has to admit that she needs a distraction.
***
“Lend me your power.” Akechi growls at one of the shadows that he, Haru, and Sumire end
up surrounding.
He’s been neglectful, of this power of his. He hasn’t used Shiji-Ouki once- the persona being
too weak to even begin to compare to Robin or Loki, nor does it have any unique skills that
might warrant a switch.
But, after observing how Ren swaps effortlessly between personas at his whim, changing
affinities and skills alike, Akechi has to admit that he’s curious as to whether he might be
able to do the same.
Robin and Loki shift in something that is neither confirmation nor denial, and Akechi rolls
his eyes.
“Why should I?” The shadow declares angrily, “Lord Sugimura will have your head for this
treatment.”
To his side, Sumire tilts her head, “You might have to say what it wants to hear.” She
whispers, “I’m not sure if threats will go anywhere.”
Akechi scowls, but nods his assent.
“Lord Sugimura,” Akechi starts, attempting to keep the mocking in his voice to a minimum,
“Will not be able to help you until you are long since dead. So, what is it that you want from
this exchange?”
The shadow glares, “Do you offer such exchanges to all those you threaten?”
“No.” Akechi pastes on a pleasant smile, “I suppose you’re special.”
“And this exchange.” The shadow continues, “Could I not simply demand that you let me
go?”
“Then we’d be at an impasse.” Akechi concedes.
“You should remember who has the upper hand here.” Haru says cooly, raising her grenade
launcher slightly.

The shadow falters, “Not an impasse for long, I see.” It pauses, seeming to mull its next
words over, “This is not truly a choice, hm? You are rather manipulative to say that there
could possibly be benefit for me in this situation.”
“Being alive is a benefit, no?” Akechi says breezily, “You could attempt to run, or try your
hand at fighting us again, but ultimately you know what the best choice is.”
The shadow laughs, “You’re quite crafty, human.” It stands, “I accept, then. I am thou, thou
art I, my name is Mithras.”
The shadow morphs into light- and much like Shiji-Ouki before it, flickers between the shape
of Akechi's two masks, and flies forward.
The sensation is much less jarring this time, now that Akechi is prepared for it. It still takes a
moment to settle, as he grits his teeth and feels every little bit of movement as all his
personas shift to make room.
Nothing cracks. Nothing shatters. The mask settles into place.
(The Fool grows to rank seven, and the mask settles a little more.)
Both Haru and Sumire give a small cheer, and Akechi moves to check the new skills he’s
obtained.
Nuclear attacks, hm? It’s certainly something new- it can cover some of the gaps in their
elements, too, given that he and Sumire double up on bless skills.
And, it’s something that he might be able to fuse, next time he encounters José.
Soon after, the three of them head back to the entrance, after encountering a second safe
room.
“This place is really big…” Sumire mutters, seemingly to herself, “The space between safe
rooms feels as big as Maruki’s palace, almost.”
Haru tilts her head, “Is it not normal, then?”
Sumire shrugs, “I’m not sure, actually. The only two palaces I’ve really explored are this one
and Maruki’s.” She smiles sheepishly, “So I guess that means all palaces are this big.”
“No.” Akechi cuts in, because Sumire’s words have pulled on some thread of concern in his
head, “It is strange.”
Haru’s eyes widen slightly, “In what way?”
Akechi presses his lips together, “It would make sense for Maruki’s palace to be so
sprawling, given how powerful he supposedly was. Or will be.” He frowns, “But Sugimura’s
cognition shouldn’t compare to that. It’s already stronger than I would expect from a man like
him, and the palace’s size doesn’t line up with its other features. It almost feels like we
haven’t made any progress at all.”

Sumire gives him a worried look, “So… what does that mean?”
“I’m not sure.” Akechi admits, voice low.
Something is off. But, it’s so strange that Akechi is inclined to think that it could be nothing.
A fluke.
A lot of things are strange now, though- so perhaps that is not a productive thought to have.
…They haven’t encountered Sugimura’s shadow yet, and the unknown is starting to eat at
Akechi’s innards.
Haru shifts, “That aside… When should we explore Mementos?”
Akechi waves a hand, “Sugimura is our priority right now. When we find an opportunity we
can check it out.”
Sumire nods decisively, “Will do!” She takes out her phone, “Are we done here?”
Akechi turns his head, and sees Caroline squinting at him from next to the Velvet Room door.
“You two go on ahead.” He says, “I have business with the Velvet Room.”
He doesn’t wait to see Haru and Sumire leave before he approaches Caroline.
She smirks, “Is that another persona I sense, defendant?” She opens the door slightly, “Oi!
Justine!”
Justine opens the door, and stands next to her sister. She looks Akechi up and down, “You
have made progress on our deal.” She looks down at her clipboard, idly flipping through the
pages, “Mithras, belonging to the Sun arcana. A bond of yours which you have nurtured to its
second rank.”
Akechi nods, “A question.” The twins nod for him to continue, “How many of these personas
can I hold, exactly? Ren seems to swap between at least eight at once, but it feels…” He
scrunches his face, “Crowded. For lack of a better word.”
Justine hums, “The inmate is gifted extra space for his personas as his bond with our master
grows, represented by the Fool, in his case.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “I thought the Fool was supposed to represent beginnings and
journeys.”
“Uh, yeah.” Caroline rolls her eye, “What about it?”
Akechi glares at her, “Why on earth does Igor represent the entirety of Ren’s ‘journey’?
Aren’t you lot supposed to be guides, rather than…” He furrows his brow, “Conductors?”
Justine pauses, “That is…”

Caroline frowns, but uncharacteristically makes no comment.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Whatever. Anyway, Igor gives Ren more space for his personas. What
about me?”
Caroline snaps out of her stupor, “Well, kinda the same way.”
“Your bond with the Fool has grown to rank seven.” Justine says, tilting her head, “Your
capacity for holding more personas has grown twice since its formation.”
Caroline taps her baton against her palm absently, “You could probably hold… six? Seven?
Eight, if you want to play with fire.”
Akechi scowls, “Why can’t I hold the same amount as Ren?”
“The state of your soul is still compromised.” Justine says simply. “Your two halves make it
difficult for new personas to occupy the space of your soul.”
“If you wanted to push it,” Caroline says with a mocking grin, “Then either the new persona
or your soul would be torn apart.”
Great.
“How do I…” Akechi stiffly waves a hand, “Fix. That.”
Therapy.
NO.
“It’s your soul, defendant!” Caroline snaps, proving herself equally as unhelpful as Robin and
Loki, “You figure it out!”
“To awaken to two personas at once is unprecedented.” Justine remarks mildly, “If you were
not a wildcard, then your awakening likely would have killed you.”
“Oh, is that all?” Akechi snaps.
“Indeed.” Justine nods, ignoring Akechi’s withering glare, “Should you happen to obtain
anymore personas, or make any progress in regard to your wildcard abilities, do not hesitate
to contact us.”
Akechi grits his teeth and mutters and agreement, in tandem with the Temperence growing to
rank four.
Caroline presses her lips together, “Nearly halfway…”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Halfway? There’s a limit to how powerful these bonds can
become?”
“Oh, yeah,” Caroline shrugs, “I guess you haven’t maxed any of ‘em out, yet.”

“Bonds have a limit of ten ranks.” Justine explains, “Upon their completion, they transform
into blood oaths.”
Akechi doesn’t think about the Tower, and he especially doesn’t think about the Devil.
“And what might a blood oath do for me?” He asks instead.
“Depends on the bond,” Caroline says dismissively, “For the inmate, a max rank bond will let
him fuse a fancy new persona.”
“An ability which is inaccessible to you.” Justine points out, “So I suppose we shall discover
its effects on you together.”
Akechi mentally underlines the note to speak with José.
***
When Akechi leaves the palace, finally, after wrapping things up with the twins, he nearly
startles when he sees Haru loitering around their chosen entrance back in the real world.
She brightens when she sees Akechi materialise, “Goro-kun,” She starts, “How did your
conversation go?”
Akechi wonders if she’s genuinely curious, or if she’s just one for small talk, “Fine.
Enlightening, at least.”
She nods, and smiles, “That’s good. Did you learn anything helpful?”
Akechi shrugs, “For me, perhaps. I doubt that you would find the information nearly as
useful.”
Haru giggles slightly, “Wildcard things, is it?”
“Something like that.” Akechi says breezily, moving to start walking, as he doesn’t really
want to spend any more time in this dirty alley than is absolutely necessary.
Haru quickly matches his pace. “Are you busy right now?” She asks, “Perhaps we could get
something to eat?”
Akechi gives her an appraising look out of the corner of his eye. She seems… nervous.
Tense. Akechi gets the feeling that she needs to get something off her chest.
He raises an eyebrow, “Sure. Where to?”
Haru brightens at his acceptance, “Wonderful!” She tilts her head consideringly, “Well, I’ve
always wanted to try this nearby ramen store…”
Haru leads Akechi to a small, almost run-down, store nestled within the Shibuya backstreets.
She quickly sits down at one of the booths in the far corner of the restaurant, and orders them

both the house special. She neatly folds her hands in front of her on the table, her calm
demeanour betrayed only by a small twitch in her fingers.
Akechi tilts his head, “How are you feeling?” He asks slowly.
Haru jumps, “Huh?”
“About the palace.” Akechi clarifies.
Haru gives a weak laugh, “Well, I’m quite glad that we’re making progress towards its
completion.”
Akechi hums dispassionately. “I’m sure.”
Haru gives him a flat look, but eventually deflates. “I suppose I’m… frustrated.”
Akechi inclines his head for her to continue. “About?” He asks, though he thinks he can
guess.
Haru’s face twists for a beat, before her lips eventually pull into a sneer as she glares down at
the table, “I can’t believe it’s a garden.”
There it is.
“I take you don’t care for the symbolism.” Akechi drawls, leaning back in the booth.
Haru shakes her head stiffly, not looking up. “Not particularly.” She mutters, “A garden is…”
She clenches her jaw, “They were supposed to be mine.” She whispers, lip wobbling.
She gives a choked laugh, “My garden is my freedom from all of the…” She hurriedly wipes
at her eyes, “Shit that they decided was good for me. What gives him the right to make it a
part of his mind?” She finishes with a hiss, finally looking up.
Akechi regards her quietly as she quickly wipes her eyes.
“It’s fucked up.” Akechi says simply, “But all the better that we’re destroying the place, no?”
Haru nods slowly. She opens her mouth, then clamps it shut.
Their food arrives, but neither actually start eating. Akechi folds his hands in his lap as Haru
pushes the noodles around in the broth with her chopsticks.
“Is it bad,” She starts, quietly, “That I’m not entirely sure that I want to change his heart?”
“Sugimura?”
She nods.
Akechi picks up his chopsticks and taps them absently on the side of his bowl, “Do you want
to kill him?”

Haru’s fingers tense, and she presses her lips together.
“I think I really am a bad person.” She whispers, “Because we know a way to deal with him
without bloodshed, and yet…” She breathes deeply, “Part of me very much wants to see him
dead.”
Akechi hums, eyes flicking down, “We could. If you wanted.”
Haru huffs a laugh, “I suppose there isn’t really anything stopping us.” She says mildly, and
bites her lip, “I didn’t want to, before. But now that I know his palace is a garden I-” She
takes a sharp breath, “I want to kill him over something so petty. And I can’t seem to bring
myself to care.”
Akechi chooses to stay silent.
Haru presses her lips together, “I really am horrible, aren’t I?”
“So am I.” Akechi blurts, “If you are.” He tacks on, awkwardly.
Haru shakes her head, “But… I just don’t feel anything at all. I should, right? Even if he’s
horrible I shouldn’t want to kill him-”
“I don’t feel anything either.” Akechi blurts, cutting across. “When I kill people.” He clarifies
in a lowered voice, “I used to, I think. But now it’s just…” He taps his fingers against the
table, “A job.”
Haru looks relieved for a beat, before guilt crumples her expression. “Um,” She starts,
“When did you stop… feeling bad?”
“After Wakaba.” He says, letting his mouth run and his mind hiss in a quiet static, “Futaba’s
mother. She-” He clenches and unclenches his fists a few times, “She was the first one that
was personal.” He shrugs absently, “Then I suppose I felt justified, after that. Or numb.”
Haru nods slowly, finally taking the opportunity to daintily shove some noodles into her
mouth.
“I think that the only reason I don’t actively enjoy it is because I know I shouldn’t.” Akechi
confesses, and clenches his jaw.
Haru swallows her mouthful, and smiles slightly, “Well, you’ve got one up on me.” She
laughs humourlessly, “I get excited when I think about killing my fiancé.”
Akechi snorts, despite himself.
Haru’s laugh gains a shade of mirth. She tucks a clump of hair behind her ear, “I always feel
a bit dishonest when people call me kind. I never do anything to correct them, because there’s
usually nothing to correct.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Where’s this coming from?”

Haru smiles weakly, “Well, I was just thinking about the Phantom Thieves. When we went to
the beach with them, or when we met them at the fireworks festival, they all kept
commenting on how sweet and kind and… nice, I was.” She sighs, “But I can’t help but think
that if they knew…”
“Yeah. I get it.” Akechi says, because he does.
The corners of Haru’s eyes crinkle up, “I know that I seemed a little annoyed when you asked
for more time for deciding to confront the thieves, but the more I think, the more I understand
your hesitation.”
“It’s hard to believe they’d help people like us.” Akechi finishes, poking at his ramen.
Haru hums softly in agreement.
A beat.
“Sumi-chan is kind.” Haru says quietly.
“She is.” Akechi agrees.
“I think they’d help her, if she asked.”
Akechi nods, and smiles, jagged and confused, “And yet, she chose to ally herself with us.”
Haru giggles, “With you, mostly. I’m just along for the ride.”
“Nonsense.” Akechi waves a hand, “She was delighted when you awakened your persona.”
A wide, genuine smile breaks onto Haru’s face, “Well,” She says, “Then I suppose we’ll both
have to do our best to repay the faith.”
(The Strength grows to rank seven.)
“We will.” Akechi hums. He pokes at the ramen some more, “I must confess that I’m not
actually that hungry.”
Haru sighs, “Neither am I.”
“Shall we pay the bill?”
“I’ll pay.” Haru corrects, “I’m the one who invited you.”
“And you’re obscenely rich.” Akechi points out dryly.
That startles a laugh from her, and she leaves to pay for their unfinished food.
When she returns, she has a contemplative look on her face. “If you don’t mind my asking,”
She starts, voice lowered, as they begin to collect their things, “Why is it that Futaba-chan’s
mother was personal for you?”

Past the static that threatens to increase in volume, Akechi swallows, throat dry.
“It’s not important.” He says.
Haru gives him a knowing look, but lets the question be.
***
Perhaps, Akechi thinks the next day, it is important.
Wandering through Okumura’s palace with the other thieves, Akechi has yet to be placed
back on the front lines. At the same time, Futaba has taken a backseat with active
navigational duties in an attempt to try and get a sense for the wider palace with the lack of a
map, and is walking with the other reserve members rather than floating up in Necronomicon.
Her nose is scrunched in a furiously concentrated expression as she glares at her floating
holographic screens.
Akechi walks at her side, a reasonable distance away, not making any attempt at
conversation.
“Ugh!” Futaba throws up her hands as she groans loudly, “This place is stupid!”
Akechi gives her a look.
Futaba keeps talking, “It’s like… I barely managed to find us a safe room last time, and now
there’s just nothing! For, like,” She fumbles, “A whole lot of cognitive space!”
Odd.
Sugimura’s palace was the same way.
“So you think there’s a cause?” Akechi finally speaks.
Futaba’s head snaps up like she forgot he was here, “…I dunno, maybe.” She mumbles,
turning back to her setup.
She huffs after a beat, “I swear your awakening couldn’t have been enough to mess with this
much. I’m kinda running out of space to use it as an explanation for what’s going on.”
“Attacking shadows only raises the security level, does it not?” Akechi says, not really
asking, “I somehow doubt that I somehow altered the topography of this place.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Futaba grumbles, “It’s times like this I wish I had a copy of my mom’s
research. I bet she studied something like this.”
She had, in fact. Not that the results would be particularly useful here.
“…hm.” Akechi hums, hoping that it sounds agreeing.

Futaba taps away at her screens, not making eye contact. “…You think you’d be interested in
this psience-y stuff, Crow?”
Akechi blinks, “I… suppose?”
(because he was, at first- the whole thing was so thrilling, so interesting- but it’s a lot less fun
when-)
Akechi really needs to stop fucking thinking about this.
“Great!” Futaba says, finally turning to look at him. She pushes one of her screens around so
that Akechi can properly see it, “Then help me out with this stuff!”
Akechi pauses and gives Futaba a blank look.
She falters, “You… seem smart? Like a nerd I mean.”
That doesn’t really sell her pitch.
“You think I’m capable of helping you make headway because you think I’m a nerd.” Akechi
recites, flatly.
Futaba pulls back, retreating into herself, “Yeah…?”
Akechi sighs. It’s not like he has anything better to do, what with Ren keeping him confined
to the bench, “Fine.”
“It’s okay if you don’t want to, I just- what, really?” Futaba perks up.
Akechi staples on his best smile, “I can’t promise I’ll be much help, but I’d like to aid you if
it can allow us to complete our heist in a timely manner.”
Or, rather, he’s too curious about the why to stop himself from stalling.
Futaba blows a raspberry, “Wow, you really are a nerd. Well, anyway, look at this!”
Futaba starts babbling about their lack of map, and the palace’s odd disregard of logical
space. Despite palaces being born from the mind, they will still often make a modicum of
sense, in the spatial aspect.
And yet, the hallways of Okumura’s space station twist and wind and bend in nonsensical and
actively counterproductive ways.
Akechi knows for a fact that the palace wasn’t always like this. But something has changed,
and it’s somehow caused a complete breakdown of all internal logic.
Futaba sighs wearily, “I guess I can give up on figuring out the big-picture problem for now,
but we need to find out some way to navigate this place, or we’ll be here for weeks.”

“Can’t you run some algorithm on what we’ve already mapped?” Akechi asks, gesturing to
the 3D map Futaba has constructed, “Some of these spaces seem less dense than otherscould you figure out some kind of pattern?”
Futaba hums absently, glaring at her map past her giant bug-eyed goggles, “I could…” She
pauses, “Actually, I should. That’s a good idea.”
“I’m happy to be of use.” Akechi says blandly.
“No, like,” Futaba starts typing rapidly, “That’s super helpful. Why the hell didn’t I think of
that sooner? This shit is my thing. I got way too focused on what the hell is causing this.”
Akechi gives a short hum.
Futaba’s fingers pause over her keyboard, “Um. Thanks. For agreeing to help.” She grins,
“Hey, you’d make a pretty good navigator if your persona was specced for it.”
(The Death grows to rank two.)
“Right.”
There’s a lull in conversation, until Ren’s voice shouts back from the front lines.
“Hey, Crow!” He calls with an unrestrained grin, “You’re up.”
Akechi smirks.
Fucking finally.

Chapter End Notes

I... don't have a lot to say?
Alas! I'm out of quips. Oh! here's one: the floof craves blood (normal)
Happy valentines? It's the 14th as I'm writing this, and will be the 14th for a solid chunk
of you when I upload this, so it works! Happy capitilism day, everyone! (a joke this is a
joke)
Oh! right! Some of you have already done this in the past, (thank you thank you) but if
you notice that I've accidentally left a typo in, don't be afraid to let me know! I beta my
own chapters before I post them (+ Word is a big help with spellcheck) but sometimes a
few things slip through the cracks.
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram

Confidants! gotta get those rank-ups in.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 7
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 3
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 2
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 7
___
Haru: I'm thinking about premeditated murder
Akechi: Go for it. I do it all the time.
Sumire: woah woah woah now HOLD ON

Chapter 40
Chapter Summary

Fear, lies, and dreams

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren’s decision to invite Goro back to the front lines was not one made lightly.
Ren is, frankly, fucking terrified about what could happen even in the time it takes to blinkbecause the Metaverse is dangerous, and he never thought about it seriously until he started
getting prophetic dreams telling him that Goro is in danger.
So, the solution is simple. Keep Crow off the front lines. He can’t get hurt if he doesn’t
engage, right? He seems annoyed, but Ren prefers him annoyed over dead.
But, the part of Ren that sounds suspiciously like Arsène whispers (Which happens to be
quite a large part of him), fighting alongside Goro was some of the most fun he’s had in a
goddamn while.
Wasn’t it a thrill, his mind taunts, don’t you want to feel like that again?
And Ren relents.
“Hey, Crow!” He shouts back, “You’re up.”
The smirk that slices across Goro’s face immediately dispels any lingering fear Ren has.
“Thank you for the opportunity, Joker.” Goro says, saccharine- and, yeah, he’s definitely still
pissed.
Ren elects to ignore the sarcasm, “Want to pick up where we left off?”
“Our competition?” Goro says, catching on. His expression grows a touch more genuine,
“Who would I be to refuse?”
“A guy who lost the competition.” Ren offers, and Goro snorts.
“I’d argue you forfeited earlier.” Goro mutters under his breath, and Ren can’t tell if he was
supposed to hear that or not.
It’s easy to think that there’s nothing that could ever hurt either of them, when they get into
the swing of battle.

Fighting is such a flow of magic and steps that feel halfway to a dance that Ren isn’t quite
sure if any of this is really a competition, anymore, but it doesn’t stop the pointed glares and
near-fond hisses of kill steal, whenever either of them manages to slice in a finishing blow.
Ren, idly, out of mind, wonders why it’s so easy, to fall into patterns like this.
Ann keeps shooting him looks after each fight wraps up, and he flashes her an innocent look
and moves on.
The flow halts rather abruptly when they stumble headfirst into a shadow that’s far stronger
than anything they’ve encountered.
“It’s immune to bless and curse!” Futaba’s voice echoes, “Uh, scratch that, actually, it drains
them!”
“Great.” Ren grits, leaping out of the way of an explosion of almighty magic.
Goro nearly stumbles into him, having dodged the same blast, “Any weaknesses?” He asks,
in the tone of voice that implies he knows there won’t be any.
“Nope.” Futaba says, and, yeah, Ren was expecting that too, “You might have to brute force
it.”
Goro responds by immediately sending out a megidola, the willowy shadow hissing in pain,
but not looking nearly as injured as Ren would have liked.
Ann and Makoto toss out their own magic, Ann scowling in frustration when her fire glances
off the shadow in whisps.
Ren skids back, tearing his mask from his face, a personas name on the tip of his tongueHe trips over his words and his feet when the shadow beats him to the punch of acting, an
unsettling fog settling over the battlefield as the shadow breathes it out. In the corner of his
eye, he sees both Makoto and Goro stagger; Makoto sinking to her knees, wide-eyed and
muttering, while Goro doubles over and tugs viciously at his hair, body tense and shaking.
“Shit, Crow and Queen got hit with fear!” Futaba shouts with an edge of panic, and RenA sharp pain lances through his skull, and he thinks that this shouldn’t be happening- it’s
wrong, it’s wrong- not now- shouldn’t this be happening later?
Ren shakes his head furiously- he didn’t even get hit with the ailment, he has to get it
togetherThe shadow breathes, and the fog settles once again, and Ren can’t shake it off this time.
He can’t tell where he is anymore- sterile hallways blending with iron, pipes, and smoke- and
Ren is sure that half that iron has to be blood-

There’s something- there’s something there and Ren knows that it’s dangerous, it’ll hurt when
it strikes, and he knows that it knows where to strike hardest.
Throat, lungs, eyes, spine? No, no, Ren can tell that it will go for his heart- not the one
protected by muscle and bone- and he has to do somethingNo, he has to run, something hisses, but that isn’t what Ren sees; instinct fights instinct and
Ren is caught in the middle, wings pinned with bulletsTake his place? That can work- he can think of something, something to get the upper handthe other can’t take a hit but Ren’s still got a few left in him, if he just reachesSomething sharp digs into Ren’s back- the pain shredding his head abruptly dashed- and he
can feel the world spin before he hits the ground.
***
The first thing that Ren manages to register is that his body aches.
The second thing he managed to clock is that there is a ‘first’ and ‘second’ set of things to
notice at all- which worries him, slightly, because he knows that he wouldn’t normally
organise his observations in such a way.
The third, is that there are low, murmuring voices in the edges of his hearing, and some of
what just happened starts to come back to him.
Right. Shadow. Fear ailment- normal stuff.
‘Normal stuff’, he says, as he’s sprawled across something soft (a couch?) after having, what,
passed out? Been knocked unconscious?
“He’s up!” Someone’s voice yelps, much louder than the previous murmurs.
“You okay, man?”
“Don’t crowd him!”
“Is he awake? His eyes aren’t open…”
“M’up,” Ren slurs in response, “M’awake.”
He slaps a hand over his eyes, and cautiously opens them, still wincing at the flood of light he
can’t quite block out.
“What,” Ren says around the cotton in his mouth, forcing his eyes open an extra millimetre
“Happened.”
“Uh, long story short, you got hit with fear, and then got hit with a sword.” Futaba says flatly.

Ann pulls at one of her pigtails, “Uh, yeah it was pretty bad.” She laughs nervously, “You,
Crow, and Queen all got hit with fear for a second, and then you went down, too…”
“Oh.” Ren slowly pulls himself into a sitting position, squinting at the saferoom around them,
“How’d that happen?”
“Someone decided that taking a hit meant for someone else was a good idea, is what.” An icy
voice, that thus far has yet to speak up, cut across.
Ren makes eye contact with Goro across the room, wincing as he sees red eyes narrowed in
furious slits.
At Ren’s side, Ryuji scowls, “Hey, lay off him. He was try’na save your ass.”
Oh, something clicks in Ren’s head as any trace of anger melts off of Goro’s face in a flash, a
pleasant smile slamming down over top.
A vision, he had a vision, before he went unconscious- Ren remembers this much. A side
effect of the fear, maybe?
But it was about something- something important, surely; if he was lucid enough to take a hit
for Goro even in the midst of a vison and fear, thenBut he wasn’t lucid. Not at all. Ren can’t remember shit about what his body was doing
before he dropped. So, then,
Oh.
Ren swallows, and thinks he might know what the vision was about.
“No matter.” Goro’s voice cuts in again, “Either way, we surely can’t continue the infiltration
like this, correct?”
For once, Ren agrees. “We’ll wrap it up here.” He says to the room, and no one looks even
remotely ready to protest, “Oracle, what’s our progress looking like?”
Futaba jumps, “Uh, well, Crow and I figured out some easier ways to identify how to make
progress, so it should be smooth sailing from here out!” She gestures to the room around
them, “Necronomicon managed to pick up this safe room pretty quick after you got knocked
down, too. So, progress saved!”
Ren nods, “Alright, good.” He tries to stand up, only barely managing to catch himself as a
dull pain hits his lower back- ow- “We’ll pick this up again soon. Everyone take the chance to
rest up.”
Makoto sighs, “You need to rest up too, Joker.”
Ren smiles sheepishly, “Yeah, got it.”

Ren waves off the thieves’ collective concern as they warp back to the entrance of the
spaceport palace, leaving in groups of two or three so as to avoid a crowd materialising out of
thin air.
Eventually, just Ren, Morgana, and Goro remain in the palace, waiting with various degrees
of patience for a minute or so to pass.
"Joker.” Goro speaks up abruptly, “May I have a word, once we return to reality?”
The sweet tone and plastic smile spell nothing good. Ren can’t recall if he’s ever actually
done anything to deserve what seems to be Goro’s spiteful flavour of the cold shoulder
before.
Ren presses his lips together, “Yeah. Sure.” He reaches up to twist his fringe between his
fingers, “Um, can we go to Leblanc, first?”
Goro’s smile gets even more pleasant, somehow, “Of course.”
Morgana glances between them, ears flattening against his head.
Ren swallows around his dry throat, and ignores the pain still in his back.
(Akechi folds his arms tight, fingers clenching around the fabric of his Metaverse outfit, and
seethes, the Judgement reaching rank three as he does.)
***
By the time Akechi, Ren, Morgana reach Leblanc, Akechi is fuming.
Self-righteous prick, what’s his play here? Akechi forces the fading migraine of his most
recent vision out of his head. (The fear ailment has never hurt before, and he can’t shake the
lingering feeling of snow and the smell of coffee from his mind) He doesn’t care in the
slightest what Ren’s motivations are for all the shit he’s pulled recently, he just wants to grab
the boy by the shoulders and shake him until he spills why he thinks Akechi can’t handle
himself, his own actions, what the fuck is his problemAkechi stiffens his shoulders instinctively as Morgana hops onto them. “Hey,” The cat starts,
blue eyes wide with concern, “You good?”
Akechi forcibly brightens, “Just fine, Morgana.”
Morgana’s tail flicks like he doesn’t believe him.
Ren fumbles the keys to Leblanc, the bell above the door tinkling as it swings open. He
throws his school bag down in one of the booths, and can’t quite make eye contact when he
turns around to face Akechi.
“I’ll, um, get changed real quick.” Ren stutters, gesturing vaguely towards the attic.
“Go ahead.” Akechi says breezily, leaning against the counter.

Ren nods stiltedly, rushing up the stairs.
Well. At least he has the good sense to feel guilty.
Morgana hops down from Akechi’s shoulders, landing on the countertop. He narrows his
eyes, “Are you sure you’re fine?”
“I’m sure.” Akechi counters blandly.
“Really?” Morgana asks, somehow managing to convey a raised eyebrow with cat features,
“Because I’ve never seen you this angry before.”
“Well, you haven’t known me very long.” Akechi says before he can stop himself.
Morgana doesn’t seem to have a response to that, because he just flicks his tail and curls up
into a loaf while they wait, impatiently, for Ren’s return.
The silence curdles for Morgana first, “You’re upset because he took a hit for you, right?”
“Among other things.” Akechi drawls, lip curling.
“What, because you got benched?” Morgana asks, blunt, “He’s just worried-”
“If I have to hear one more person say that Ren is just worried, with no actual indication of
what is going on, I’m going to break something.” Akechi hisses.
“Okay.” Morgana mutters, drawing out the word. He shakes his head, “…In his defence, he
got hit with a status ailment?”
“So did Niijima and I, and you didn’t see us rushing to self-sacrifice.” Akechi points out
dryly.
“Good point, good point.” Morgana agrees. He huffs, “Alright, what are you really mad
about?”
“I thought I’ve made it painfully obvious.” Akechi says, in the mood to be difficult.
Morgana groans, “Just tell me!”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I am… displeased by being treated as though I am made of glass.”
Morgana tilts his head, confused, “But we don’t though!” He insists, “We all know you’re
super strong; everyone is really impressed!”
“Then it seems that Joker missed the memo.” Akechi grits, looking away.
Morgana slumps, and sighs. “Look, I think this is a conversation that you should probably
have with him.”
“That’s why I’m here, aren’t I?” Akechi deadpans, ignoring the shattered remains of his
polite mask on the floor.

Morgana snickers, inexplicably amused, “I guess so.” He flicks his ear, “Hey, actually, about
that fear ailment.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “What about it?”
“Well…” Morgana starts, “You and Ren looked like you were… in pain? Makoto didn’t.”
Akechi disregards his previous ignorance, actually, and grasps for a few mask shards on the
ground to assemble into a facsimile of his usual smile, “Well, I’ve never been inflicted with
such an ailment before, so…?”
Morgana shakes his head, “Just- did it hurt? Because it isn’t supposed to.”
“It didn’t.” Akechi lies. “You don’t have to worry. Besides, shouldn’t you be asking Ren this,
as well?”
Morgana gives a cat’s approximation of a scowl, “I will! He’s just really dodgy with this
stuff.” He mutters, “And so are you, apparently.”
Akechi blinks, the perfect picture of innocent confusion. Morgana doesn’t seem to buy it.
Perhaps the effect is dulled by Akechi’s previous honesty.
“Just…” Morgana eventually says, “When you talk with him, don’t get too mad, kay? I know
that you don’t like it as an explanation, but Ren really does care about you.”
Ren can take his care and shove it up his ass, Akechi elects not to say. His care is
meaningless if all it does is piss me off, He also discards.
“He shouldn’t have taken that hit for me.” Akechi settles on, aware that it is woefully
inadequate.
“Wouldn’t you take a hit for him?” Morgana asks- curious, not accusatory.
“No.” Akechi lies. Maybe, he thinks is more honest. (I trust him not to need me to, He thinks
might be closest to the truth.)
“What about for Yoshizawa or Haru?” Morgana pushes.
Akechi fakes a bright smile, “They’re hardly getting into grand battles in the Metaverse, are
they?”
“Hypothetically!” Morgana whines, “Would you?”
He would. He knows he would- but that’s only because he owes it to them. “I would trust in
their own strength, first and foremost.” Akechi says blandly.
Morgana mutters something that sounds suspiciously like liar, and flicks his tail pointedly.
Akechi wonders, indignant, as the Hermit grows to rank four, when it became so hard to be
dishonest with these people.

***
Ren finished getting dressed five minutes ago, and is choosing to use his remaining plausible
buffer time to pace the attic with all the nervous energy of a lawyer caught in a lie.
There is no actual lie for Ren to be caught out on, of course. Though, as he thinks that,
perhaps it could be considered a lie of omission?
Ren bites at his lip, thinking of how this conversation might go. Really, he doesn’t quite
understand why Goro is so upset with him. Concern, perhaps? That Ren got knocked
unconscious? Wishful thinking. He knows that isn’t it.
Ah, there’s the lie. Ren isn’t confused at all- he understands exactly what’s rubbed Goro the
wrong way; he just doesn’t know how to make it better in the other boy’s eyes. Not without
spilling far more than he would ever intend.
Ren sighs through his teeth, and decides to bite the bullet.
“Hey.” He says as he walks back downstairs. He makes tentative eye contact with Goro, and
gestures to the attic, “Did you want to come up…?”
Goro nods shortly, and Morgana hops down from the countertop. “I’ll go to Futaba’s…” The
cat mumbles, quickly dashing up the stairs to make use of the open window.
Goro trails after him, giving a deceptively polite ‘after you’ gesture to Ren on the stairs.
When they both reach the attic, Ren can’t quite decide on a place to sit, and instead elects to
stand, awkwardly, in the centre of the room.
“So.” Ren ducks his head, “What did you want to talk about?”
Goro raises an eyebrow like he’s insulted that Ren even had to ask, “You know what.”
Ren blows out a long, frustrated, breath of air, because he knows he can’t feign ignorance on
this one. “Alright. Yeah.” He shrugs, “I’m sorry- but I wasn’t fully in control of myself, and
it’s not like you could have taken that hit in your state.”
“And so you took it upon yourself to take my place.” Goro intones dryly, “You couldn’t take
that hit either, Joker.”
“What, so it’s better if you get hurt?” Ren almost snaps.
Goro levels him with an unimpressed glare, “That sentiment goes both ways, you know. What
you did was unnecessary.”
“Well…” Ren waves a hand, unsure what exactly he’s trying to convey with the gesture.
“This isn’t exactly an isolated incident, either.” Goro continues, ignoring Ren, “You panic
when I get a minor injury, take me off the front lines from a small stumble- take hits for me
that you don’t need to take-”

“Alright, alright, I get it.” Ren cuts across.
“I have gotten the same little spiel from all of your friends- but I want to hear it from you,”
Goro says, voice cold and eyes narrowed, “Why are you doing these things?”
Ren opens and closes his mouth for a beat, only to be met with a catch in his throat. He
eventually manages to unstick his jaw, “It’s not… a slight against you. I just don’t want to see
you get hurt unnecessarily.”
“If it wasn’t a slight, then you’d trust me to not keel over from what is essentially a
papercut.” Goro sneers.
“Well, papercuts can still get infected…” Ren mumbles under his breath.
“You aren’t funny, Joker.”
“Just- is it so hard to believe that I just care about you?” Ren snaps, and quickly clamps his
mouth shut, face flushing. “…I care about you,” He repeats, feeling more confident in the
words, “So- I just-” He slumps, pressing his lips together.
Goro regards him for a pause, then scoffs. “You care about all your friends, no doubt. And yet
they haven’t been subjected to this treatment. So what makes me different, Ren? Do you
really think so little of me that-”
“What? No,” Ren interrupts, aghast, eyes wide and furiously shaking his head, “That’s not itI would never-” He chokes on his words, pausing to swallow them down.
Goro glares at him quietly, waiting for him to continue.
Ren laughs weakly, “I don’t think little of you at all. I definitely don’t think you’re weakYou’re pretty amazing, you know that? I mean- I don’t think anyone can keep up with me as
well as you do -in the Metaverse and the real world- and you’re really smart, so-”
“Get to the point.” Goro cuts across, cheeks slightly pink.
Ren clamps his mouth shut to prevent any more of that tumbling from his lips, “I do trust
you. Is my point.”
“You have a funny way of showing it.” Goro says flatly, the pink in his cheeks already faded,
and Ren wonders if it was ever there at all.
“I mean it.” Ren insists, giving a sharp look. He sighs, and finally collapses onto the bed.
Goro narrows his eyes, but eventually wanders over, and slowly sits down in the space next
to Ren.
“You know how I felt, when you joined us?” Ren asks, leaning fully onto his back, looking
up at the ceiling, “It felt fucking amazing, because it meant that I didn’t have to choose.”
Goro tilts his head slightly to indicate he’s listening.

Ren breathes deeply before continuing, “I could have my cake and eat it too, it was great! It
couldn’t have turned out better.” He throws up his arms in a mockery of celebration, before
letting them fall back to the bed with a thump, “But, fuck, I keep thinking there has to be a
catch. Something’s going to go wrong, and I don’t want to lose you.”
A beat.
Goro eventually hums, considering. He raises an eyebrow, “You still haven’t answered my
question, you know.”
Ren frowns, “That being?”
“What,” Goro starts, leaning backwards until he’s level with Ren, “Makes me so different?”
Ren swallows.
There are a lot of things he can say.
It is with a rush of something that Ren realises that ‘A dream foretold your death’ might not
actually be the most accurate answer.
“I don’t know.” Ren says, a half-truth, as a dumb grin slowly spreads across his lips, “You
just are.”
Goro gives him another flat look, but surprisingly doesn’t comment.
They lie there for a while, legs dangling off the edge of the bed, staring up at the ceiling. (Or,
at each other, as Ren steals the occasional glance and pretends not to notice when Goro does
the same.)
“I apologise for my earlier behaviour.” Goro eventually says, cadence returned to being high
and smooth so abruptly that Ren only just notices that his voice had been different at all.
Goro chuckles lightly, “It was rather unbecoming of me.”
Ren gives a crooked smile, “It’s fine. I didn’t mind.” He nudges the other’s side with his
elbow, “I was wondering what was beneath all the smoke and mirrors.”
“And you found a guy who’s pissed at you.” Goro deadpans, voice already slipping back into
something lower, “Truly, you must be thrilled.”
“Surely you’re not pissed at me all the time.” Ren grins wider.
Goro raises an eyebrow, “Oh? Is that a bet you’d like to place, Ren?”
Ren rolls onto his side to look at Goro properly, “Maybe.” He smirks, “I think I’d win.”
“Insufferable.” Goro rolls his eyes, not quite hiding the upward tug to his lips, and Ren
laughs.
Another beat.

Ren swallows, and shuffles a little closer, “I can keep you on the front lines, if you want.” He
smiles, “Unless a shadow cuts off your arm, or something.”
Goro huffs a laugh, “I’d like that. We work well together- it’s only practical to take advantage
of that.” He says, then fixes Ren with a look, “But don’t take hits for me again. It’s insulting.”
Ren snorts, “Noted.”
(In both their minds, the Justice reaches rank eight, and they wonder how much longer their
respective lies will hold.)
***
The part of Ren’s mind that houses the Aeon expects to be called upon that night. However, it
is with some measure of surprise that no such call is made.
Rather, Ren falls into an uneasy sleep, rich with the portent of disaster.
It’s cold. Dark, too, but not in the way that invites fear or loneliness- instead, there’s a buzz of
excitement and triumph that hangs in the air. There are bangs of colourful explosions, close
enough to be beautiful and far enough to feel entirely safe.
It’s perfect. A perfect celebration to end a flawless heist.
Ren can’t shake the feeling that something is wrong.
Another’s voice, light and airy, expresses aloud what Ren doesn’t wish to voice. Everyone
brushes her off- how could anything be wrong? They did everything the same, after all.
Time ticks on, laughs and cheers and revelry distracting from the intuition tugging at Ren’s
nerves. They’ll need to wrap it up, soon- the fruits of their labour coming to fruition in just a
few minutes.
Everyone settles down, once they realise that time is up.
The dream had not been clear, up until this point. But, as colours and voices shift in and out
of clarity, Ren manages to hold onto something clear.
Kunikazu Okumura, though Ren has not seen the man’s face on many occasions, sits before a
press conference- surprisingly composed as he confesses the surface of his sins.
But there’s more- there has to be.
Okumura opens his mouth, Ren leans forwardAnd the man pauses.
Then he chokes.

There’s some tittering behind the cameras. Some assistants, some security, step forward with
words of confused concern, as Okumura sits, slumped, over the table, face obscured.
The part of Ren’s mind that screams something is wrong shouts so loud that he almost
flinches.
When Okumura drags himself back to face the cameras, his face is twisted- eyes bulging,
mouth agape, as blood streams down from every orifice, someone screams, on screen and at
Ren’s side, andAs the cameras cut out, so too does the dream.
Ren doesn’t startle awake, but he does freeze, careful not to wake Morgana as he tenses.
Well.
Shit.
He should probably count himself lucky that he remembers this dream as clearly as he doesbut Ren has to say that he isn’t particularly thrilled to be used yet again as a medium to
foretell someone’s death.
At least it isn’t Goro again, a stray thought hums, and Ren shuts it up.
This is still important.
Okumura might be in danger, then. Take a number and join the line! At least Ren has a little
more context for this one.
He needs to call a meeting.
***
Ren doesn’t call Goro to the meeting. He’s yet to tell him about the visions, and Ren would
like to ease into a conversation like that, if at all possible.
The other thieves sit in solemn silence as Ren explains the possible complication with
Okumura.
Makoto is the first to respond, with a harsh sigh, pressing her lips together, “Well, I suppose
it’s not entirely surprising that Okumura could be in danger. I would expect that it would be
in several people’s best interests to silence him before he can confess.”
“But, isn’t he supposed to be the mastermind?” Morgana asks, eyes narrowed in confusion,
“Shouldn’t he… I dunno.”
“On the contrary,” Yusuke interjects, “Being the mastermind means that he is probably privy
to the most information regarding these crimes- I doubt that others involved wouldn’t hesitate
to deal with him to save their own skins.”

“Like the black mask?” Ann suggests.
Ryuji scrunches his face, “Oh yeah… they prolly know they’d be screwed if their boss’ heart
changes.”
“Speaking of,” Futaba chimes in, nose buried in her laptop, “Did that dream tell you anything
about Sumire, Ren?”
Ren frowns, “No, I don’t think so.” He pauses, and then shakes his head with more
confidence, “If she was there, I didn’t see her. I didn’t see anyone’s face aside from
Okumura’s.”
There’s a collective sigh, weighted with exhaustion and helplessness.
Ann tugs at one of her pigtails, “Should we, like…” She scrunches her face, “Tell Akechikun about all this?”
Ren leans back, considering.
“D’you think he’d believe us?” Ryuji asks with raised eyebrows.
Makoto frowns, “Whether he does or not, we’d be telling him that Ren has,” She sighs,
“Foretold his death, or something. Which, well…”
“That… seems like a lot to tell a person.” Morgana finishes, ears flattening against his head.
“I doubt he’d be inclined to believe us if we tell him our suspicions about Yoshizawa-san, as
well.” Yusuke points out, “They’re friends, no?”
Ren bites at his lip, “True…”
Futaba tilts her head, “I mean… we don’t have to tell him all that stuff, right?” She winces
slightly under everyone’s attention, “Like, he was the one to tell us how much of a bad idea
targeting Okumura could be, so we can just say ‘we’ve taken your concern to heart, senpai!’”
She says in a high voice, parroting mouth movements with her hand.
“And what, just say we’re worried about Okumura’s safety?” Ren clarifies, mulling it over.
“That… could work.” Makoto says slowly.
“But… we don’t tell him about the visions, or about Sumire-chan.” Ann mumbles, equally
slow. She brightens, “Sounds good, right?” She laughs awkwardly, “I mean, I really doubt
he’d believe us if we hit him with all this stuff right out the gate.”
“Prolly give us that judgy look…” Ryuji mutters.
Ren laughs slightly, honestly relieved that he doesn’t have to be on the receiving end of the
aforementioned judgemental look as he stumbles through an explanation of everything, “It’s
decided, then.” He says, taking out his phone, “Should I call him to meet?”

“Before you do,” Morgana cuts in, “Aside from the dreams, have you been getting any more
visions while you’re awake?”
The cat has a knowing look, and Ren thinks he probably couldn’t lie if he tried, “Yeah.” He
admits, “Mostly during palace infiltrations.”
“When?” Yusuke asks, frowning.
“Are you getting them when you run headfirst into enemies?” Futaba asks dryly.
Ren winces, “Yeah… I’m not super aware of my surroundings when they happen.”
Makoto hums lowly, “That could be a problem. Actually, it sounds like it already has been a
problem.”
Morgana has an odd look on his face that Ren can’t quite decipher.
Ren waves Makoto off, “It’s fine. They’re never that serious.” He says, not wanting to slow
down the palace infiltration any more than they already have, “I’ll tell Goro to meet up.”
***
It is with a modicum of concern and a healthy dosage of suspicion that Akechi makes his way
to Leblanc after a text from Ren, calling an emergency meeting.
Akechi wonders why he didn’t just text the group chat.
His possible theory as to why that may be is quickly confirmed when he ascends the attic
stairs to find all the other thieves already present, all looking varying degrees of grim.
Ren throws up a casual wave, not looking nearly as morose as his teammates, “Hey.”
“Hello.” Akechi says, raising an eyebrow, “I’d go through the spiel of pleasantries, but you
all seem particularly restless today. What is this meeting about?”
“Well,” Ren starts, leaning forward and spinning his phone in his hand, “We have some
updates about the Okumura situation.”
Akechi, in a burst of delusional hope, imagines the thieves calling off the heist for one reason
or another.
“Those updates being…?” Akechi presses, giving his best interview smile to smother his
impatience.
Makoto folds her hands in her lap, “We’re concerned about Okumura’s safety once we
change his heart.”
Akechi’s eyes widen, genuinely surprised. Beyond his bout of wishful thinking, he didn’t
expect the thieves to consider something like this.

“Oh, shit,” Ren sits up abruptly, “Did we ever tell you anything about the other Metaverse
user?”
Actually, they haven’t. Akechi thinks it’s a good thing they’ve decided to loop him in now,
rather than have him accidentally slip with the knowledge at some point down the line.
“The who?” Akechi asks, with performative surprise.
It is with an odd degree of enthusiasm that the Phantom Thieves rush to explain the situation
as it stands.
One: there is another Metaverse user with a black mask who is behind the mental shutdowns
and psychotic breakdowns, as confirmed by both Madarame and Kaneshiro.
When questioned as to whether they have any leads to their identity, half the thieves clammed
up until Ren said that the black mask is likely working for Okumura.
Alright. Weird.
Two: The thieves are concerned that the black mask will retaliate to save their own skin once
Okumura’s heart is changed. Akechi asks some questions about mental shutdowns and
psychotic breaks to keep up appearances, and eventually settles into a contemplative pose.
“I think,” Akechi starts, ready to try his luck, “That you should all reconsider your decision
to target Okumura.”
“Our decision,” Ren corrects, unnecessarily.
“Sure,” Akechi waves a hand dismissively, and Ren seems to be caught between pouting and
looking triumphant, “My point still stands.”
“No way, man,” Sakamoto says, pumping his fist into the air, “If Okumura’s behind all this
shit, then we’ve gotta change his heart!”
“And how, exactly, do you propose we do that?” Akechi sighs, pinching the bridge of his
nose, “If Okumura dies before he confesses, it will not end well for you.”
“Well, we just need to stop a mental shutdown, right?” Morgana points out, “As far as we
know, those can only be done if you kill someone’s shadow.”
“And so far, all our target’s shadows have agreed to return to their real selves after defeating
them,” Kitagawa continues, catching on, “So we simply have to guard Okumura’s shadow
until then.”
“And if the black mask decides to engage?” Akechi points out, exasperated, “We have no
idea how strong they are,” Akechi could definitely fight all the Phantom Thieves at this point
and win, he thinks. Not that he has a reason to. “And that does nothing to protect him from
assassination attempts in the real world.”

“What about Haru?” Ann points out, frowning, “She’s still engaged, right? We can’t just not
help her…”
“I doubt Haru-san will be thrilled if her father is murdered, either.” Akechi says with a tight
smile.
(Though, as Akechi says that, he isn’t sure that Haru would be that torn up by the event,
either.)
“Still!” Ann insists.
“We don’t have any other leads.” Makoto says calmly, “This is our only chance to learn more
about the culprit.”
“C’mooon,” Futaba whines suddenly, pointing at Akechi, “You know you want to! It’ll be
fine!”
“You don’t know that.” Akechi snaps, then takes a deep breath to recompose himself, “I
really think you should reconsider.”
“Do you have an alternative?” Ren says, seeming to be genuinely asking.
“I- No, but-” Akechi cuts himself off with a huff. Sugimura still isn’t an option. These people
are obsessed with the black mask’s activities, of which Sugimura is unfortunately clean.
“What are you going to do,” He starts again, slowly, “If Okumura dies? The blame will be
laid on you, and it’s quite a long fall from the top.”
“It’s a risk,” Ren agrees, “But I’m confident,” He says with a small smile, “And besides,
there are ways to prove our innocence, right?”
“Are there?” Akechi retorts dryly, “And you seem awfully unconcerned at the prospect of
Okumura’s death.”
Ren flushes with embarrassment, “I- well, it’s not like I don’t care, it’s just-”
“We’re all treating this with the weight it requires,” Makoto cuts across.
Liar, Akechi thinks, and tries not to feel too disappointed that he didn’t get to hear Ren’s
thinly veiled opinions about murder.
“I think that you’re all being reckless.” Akechi says darkly, pushing his luck one last time.
“Goro. Trust us.” Ren says. Trust me, is the implication.
There’s no way to turn this in his favour.
Akechi sighs, “I hope you all know what you’re doing.”
“Sure we do!” Morgana declares, the other thieves rushing to agree.

The Judgement reaches rank four, and Akechi bites at his lip.

Chapter End Notes

ren: I really care about you. like a lot
akechi: platonically right
Hello! Welcome to the new update schedule! Which is really the same update schedule,
but slightly less. I got sad that I couldn't update on Tuesday... well. I could have, if i
wanted to break my poor buffer chapters. alas, I will have to adjust to the sudden
absence in my weekly schedule.
this is the part of the fic where everyone is locked in a stalemate without realising that
everyone else is also in a stalemate. For varying reasons, of course, some better than
others, but I assure you that Sumire is currently tearing her hair out off screen
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 8
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 4
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 8
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 8
___
Akechi: You realise Okumura could die right.

Ren:
Ren: 'oh no, not the asshole!' what do you want me to say?

Chapter 41
Chapter Summary

A roundtable of ignorance, and stalemates.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It isn’t weird per se, that the detective was so pushy about trying to get them to drop
Okumura’s palace, but something tickles at Futaba’s brain anyway.
Number one: She’s still yet to find anything on the guy’s backstory. It’s kind of ridiculous, at
this point- Futaba’s kind of impressed.
Number two: It makes sense, sure, that Akechi isn’t the biggest fan of changing Okumura’s
heart, but he’s still really pushy about it. On edge, almost.
Number three: There’s something Futaba’s noticed, and she isn’t sure if she’s imagining itbut if she’s right… well, she isn’t actually quite sure what it could mean, but it can’t be
anything good.
Probably.
Which is exactly the reason why, after the meeting wraps up, Futaba grabs Makoto by the
arm and drags her over to her house to discuss.
“So!” Futaba starts, crashing into her chair and spinning in a circle, “Any more insights and
revelations into our resident detective?”
Makoto awkwardly smooths out her skirt and sits down on Futaba’s bed. “Not… really?
Nothing useful, at least.”
“Yeah, figures.” Futaba shrugs, “But I think I’ve found something.”
Makoto straightens up, “Did you find something about his past?” She falters, “Or… anything
at all…?”
“Nothing on the ‘mysterious past’ front,” Futaba begrudgingly admits, “But! I did notice
something while we were dungeon crawling through space man’s palace.”
Makoto’s eyes narrow in concern, “That being?”

“Ren told us that his visions coincided with when he accidentally let shadows ambush the
team,” Futaba starts, “He’s always super out of it when it happens. But! Did you want to
guess who else seems super out of it at the same time?”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “Are you saying that Akechi might be getting odd visions as well?”
“Well, maybe.” Futaba shrugs, some of her gravitas fading, “I can’t be sure- but it’s weird,
right?”
“Definitely.” Makoto says, frowning, “That could mean…” She huffs, “I don’t know what
that could mean.”
“Me neither.” Futaba admits, “…D’you think he’s gotten visions about his own death, too?”
“I don’t know…” Makoto hums, “What about Okumura? Do you think he’s so against us
targeting him because he’s had the same vision as Ren?”
“I dunno.” Futaba says, feeling a bit like a broken record.
They both let out long sighs, laden with frustration and futility.
“I can’t shake the feeling that all this is related to my mom somehow.” Futaba mumbles,
“The data wipe, the visions…”
Makoto hums quietly, “Didn’t Ren say that one of his visions had your mother in it?”
“Yeah…” Futaba huffs, “This is all so…” She makes a noise halfway between a growl and a
squawk.
Makoto nods slowly. “So… I didn’t manage to get anything out of Akechi-kun when I spoke
to him, but how did your discussion go?” She asks tentatively.
Futaba perks up, “Not so bad!” She grins triumphantly, “I actually spoke to him twice! That’s
two levels for me!”
Makoto gives a breathy chuckle, “Good job.”
“As for what I learnt…?” Futaba presses her lips together, trying to recall, “Oh! We… talked
about my mom…”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “You did? Did it seem like he knows anything about her…?”
Futaba shrugs, “I’m not sure. He seemed kinda quiet when we talked about it, actually. But,
he might just have been thinking about his mom.”
“His mother?” Makoto tilts her head, “That information was missing, wasn’t it? What did he
say?”
Futaba tries to shake the icky feeling that she probably shouldn’t be giving this information
out willy-nilly, to middling success, “He just said she was complicated.” Futaba says with a

shrug, “Definitely dead, though!”
Makoto huffs a laugh, then looks mortified at herself and clamps her mouth shut, face
flushing. “Anyway.” She says, stilted, “This just keeps getting stranger…”
Futaba hums in agreement.
In her head, she tugs around threads of yarn in random directions, trying to connect the dots;
the strings becoming knotted and frayed in her hands.
She has a whole lot of maybe-facts, and even if she assumes that they’re all true, she can’t
seem to make a coherent picture.
Akechi’s past is a blank, something he probably wants to hide, (fact!) Akechi is getting
visions, same as Ren, (Maybe! Jury’s still out.) Akechi’s mother is important, (Who’s to say,
really?) Akechi might have know Futaba’s mother, (Even in her head, it’s a stretch.)
Futaba scoffs. Definitely a stretch.
(Unless, it isn’t. But then what?)
She buries her face in her hands with a groan, “I dunno, Queen,” She whines, “Maybe I’m
just overthinking this and there’s nothing weird about Akechi at all.”
Makoto makes a contemplative face, “…If this was before you noticed all of these
coincidences, then I might have agreed.” She sighs, “But, there’s just one too many things
here, and,” She huffs, “Well, I have no idea what it means.”
Futaba throws her hands into the air, “Just! How about we just keep an eye on him? Make
sure he doesn’t die!”
“I’m pretty sure that was already the plan.” Makoto quips, looking amused.
“Make extra sure, then!” Futaba waves a finger, “Detective-boy isn’t allowed to die until he
spills all his secrets!”
“He won’t die.” Makoto says, with the confidence of someone who takes the phrase ‘fake it
till you make it’ to heart.
Futaba nods enthusiastically, shoving the undercurrent of worry back down where it belongs.
Maybe she’ll talk to Akechi some more- see if he lets anything slip.
***
Sumire is just about ready to collapse into bed when her phone rings.
“I think I’ve noticed something about Ren.” Goro says as she picks up the phone, without so
much as a ‘hello’ first.

“Yeah?” Sumire mumbles through a yawn.
There’s a pause, “Shit, what time is it?”
“One in the morning…” Sumire says, lips pulling up in a small grin.
There’s a sigh, “Sorry.” He doesn’t sound that sorry, “But since you’re already here.”
Sumire shuffles into a more comfortable sitting position, “Go on, then.”
“I’ve noticed something about Ren,” Goro repeats, “Do you remember how I’ve been getting
dreams and visions about last timeline? Possibly.” He tacks on.
Sumire feels herself growing more awake by the second, “Yeah…?”
“I think he’s been getting them too.” Goro says, and Sumire nearly drops her phone, “I can’t
be completely certain, but I think he’s been getting them at the same time as me.”
“Really?” Sumire gasps when she gets her voice back, “Y-you’re sure?”
“I just said that I wasn’t certain.” Goro says snippily.
Sumire winces, “Well- you’re mostly sure?”
“Mostly.” Goro confirms, “He and I seem to be getting hit with migraines at the same timeand there’s something the thieves informed me of, too.”
Sumire tries to reign in her buzzing thoughts, “What did they say?”
“They’ve suddenly decided to be concerned about Okumura’s well-being.” Goro drawls, with
no small amount of disdain, “Unprompted, long after I listed the myriad reasons this heist is
a bad idea. They haven’t been dissuaded, but they’ve got it in their heads that the black mask
might be after Okumura’s life after they change his heart.”
“Huh…” Sumire mumbles, still slightly dazed from the information.
“I doubt they would have come to that rather specific conclusion without some prompting,
given they didn’t seem to care earlier,” Goro continues, “So I wonder if Ren had a rather
vivid dream, at some point.”
Sumire swallows, and tries to put her mind in order.
“…Sumire?” Goro asks, after she’s quiet for too long, “Any thoughts?”
“I- yes.” Sumire shakes herself out of it, “Sorry, it’s just… a lot to take in, I guess.”
Goro gives a low hum, “I honestly thought you’d be excited. You seemed eager when I
mentioned it happening to me.”
She should be eager. She should! There’s nothing about this that wouldn’t be good, if it’s
true.

This could be a whole two people who have the ability to remember the previous timeline.
Great! She couldn’t ask for anything better. Ren and Goro would both have more knowledge
about everything than she does, she wouldn’t have to try and guess what Ren’s wish was, and
she wouldn’t be alone in this anymoreSo, suffice it to say, she’s a little confused as to why she mostly feels dread.
“I- I think I might be… not ready.” Sumire admits, “I haven’t spoken to Ren-senpai in a
while.” The last time she did was completely by mistake.
“Well, it’s not like either of us are set to suddenly regain all our memories next week, or
anything. If that’s something that will happen at all.” Goro points out flatly, “You have time,
if that’s what you need.”
True.
Sumire thinks she’s caught between Scylla and Charybdis; she’s been so upset, that Ren
doesn’t remember, because it meant that she would never get a chance to demand answers.
She deserves answers, she thinks- Ren was ready to doom the world, trap Sumire in the song
and dance of being the pale imitation of her sister, and he’d better have a good reason.
On the other hand, Sumire keeps getting that creeping feeling of anxious loneliness pulling
absently at her gut.
Pathetic, She hisses to herself, you’re being weak again- isn’t she supposed to be past this?
She has friends, she doesn’t need Ren, to be herself anymore, she justShe doesn’t know.
But she’s scared.
“I guess there is time.” Sumire agrees.
Goro responds with a short hum.
There’s a beat, and Sumire opens her mouth to say her goodbyes before Goro cuts across,
“By the way, you’ve never quite explained what your grievances with Ren are. I’m starting to
question whether the grudge even remains.”
Sumire clamps her mouth shut, and then slowly unsticks her jaw, “…Are you asking why?”
“That was the implication, yes.”
“Um,” Sumire stutters, “It’s complicated.”
A weak answer. But, well, sheShe promised herself she wouldn’t make any claims until she had figured this all out, and
maybe that’s a weak excuse, but she hates confrontation, and she doesn’t want to be the cause
of a falling out- because that really would be her luck, wouldn’t it? To ruin something

wonderful for one of her closest friends because the universe gave her another chance, but
what has she really fixed, anyway- he'll find out eventuallyThese are one in the morning thoughts, Sumire registers weakly, and she should stop.
“It’s complicated.” Sumire repeats, because she still stands by her decision, “Sorry I… don’t
really have anything better to say.”
A pause. “It’s fine.” It doesn’t sound fine, “You know where to find me, if you need to get
something of your chest.” Goro snorts, “I’ve spilled my guts to you more than necessary- it’s
only fair if I offer a listening ear.”
Sumire giggles, “I think I’ve spilled my guts to you plenty, too.” She smiles to herself, “But
I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Good.”
“Great.” Sumire says, “Goodnight, Goro.”
“Morning, technically.” Goro quips in response, because he just has to have the last word, it
seems.
The line clicks off, and Sumire flops back onto her bed.
So much to do, so many things to discover, and never enough time.
***
The day after, Ren dreams.
And he’s downright giddy to do it, too. He technically hasn’t been able to think on any of
Crow’s words, since, well, he couldn’t remember them; but he’s sure it’s been simmering in
his subconscious, ripe for revelations to be picked.
He’s in Leblanc again, though he’s in the attic this time. He paces, mulling ideas and theories
over in his head as he waits for Crow to show up.
What, exactly, is Crow? The question is already digging into his brain like a dull spoon,
sinking in with no small amount of resistance. Uncomfortable. He needs to get it out as
quickly as possible.
Ren freezes, as he hears the light scrape of Crow’s metal and clawed boots tapping up the
stairs.
“Hey.” Ren says with a grin.
Crow doesn’t return the enthusiasm, and instead walks over to the bed and collapses on it.
“Well. Let’s hear it.” He says flatly, “What have you come up with.”
He doesn’t really seem to be asking. Ren frowns, “I’ve only had five minutes.”

“With the information you have at your disposal, five minutes will net you the same results as
five hours.” Crow says with a smirk.
“So you think I can’t figure it out?” Ren says with a smirk of his own.
“No.” Crow says flatly, and- ouch.
Ren rolls his eyes, “Sure.” He sighs, “So, I’ve been thinking-”
“Dangerous.”
Ren ignores him, “I’ve been thinking. I doubt you’re my shadow. Because that doesn’t make a
lot of sense for a lot of reasons.”
“Perceptive.” Crow deadpans.
“We’ve already established that you’re not a cognition.” Ren mutters to himself, “…I don’t
think you’re someone else’s shadow- wouldn’t you be in their head, rather than mine?”
Crow tilts his head, “You’re only focusing on what you’ve learned within these dreams.” He
says, “Perhaps I am not just a cognition, but I do seem to reflect your impression of Goro
Akechi regardless. Use that.”
Ren bites at his lip, “I think I had a vision of when he died.” He frowns, “Will die?” Won’t
die.
“And?”
Ren huffs, “I couldn’t really make anything out of it. I just know that I was there, and I was
terrified.”
Crow hums.
Ren scowls, “I don’t understand what I’m forgetting. If these are… visions of the future, or
whatever, then I wouldn’t be ‘forgetting’ anything, would I?” He presses his lips together,
“And these memories that you’ve shown me- none of them have actually happened in the real
world; not a very good prediction of the future, in that case.”
Crow is silent.
Ren throws up his hands, “Can you give me another hint?” He asks weakly.
“Think,” Crow says sharply, “About the words that form your understanding of this
situation. Everything has implications- you simply need to extrapolate.”
Ren nods slowly, still at a loss.
He thinks, and scans, and files through everything about the situation he’s in, andOh.

“Memories.” Ren says, “So this has happened in the past.”
Crow rolls his eyes, “I’m pretty sure I’ve told you this outright at some point.”
“No, but like-” Ren trips over his words as understanding starts to buzz at his nerves, and he
waves a hand, “I thought you were fucking with me, because I didn’t understand what was
going on- but!” Ren grins, “This has happened.”
“Yes.”
“In the past.”
“Uh huh.”
“But the events are different.”
“Get to the point.” Crow hisses.
“I think,” Ren starts, “That this isn’t the first time this year has happened.”
Crow’s expression is unsettlingly neutral for a beat, and Ren almost loses confidence in his
declaration, before Crow starts cackling.
“That!” He gasps in between barking laughs, “Took you so long to figure out!”
“Cut me some slack,” Ren says, finding the mirth infectious as a small grin crawls its way
onto his face, “It’s not exactly a normal assumption to have.”
“No, I suppose it isn’t,” Crow says as his laughter dies down, flipping up his visor and
wiping his eyes, “This whole situation is fucking ridiculous.”
Ren snickers, and then frowns, “I… don’t know how knowing this helps me, actually.”
“Oh, are you fucking serious?” Crow snaps, expression crumpling immediately.
Ren shrugs weakly, “All it really tells me about you is that you’re probably my memory of
Goro from last… what, timeline? Which doesn’t exactly tell me what you are.”
“Think Joker,” Crow growls, “Not a single one of your memories has carried over from the
loop. All you've got to indicate that something is wrong are a bunch of vague visions and
unhelpful dreams from your buried psyche.”
“So you admit you’re unhelpful.” Ren mutters.
“I never claimed to be otherwise,” Crow snaps, “But when taking all of that into
consideration, what is the only thing I could possibly be?”
Ren opens and closes his mouth, words caught in his throat.
He doesn’t know.

But he has to know.
Arsène knew something was up, in the beginning- he just didn’t say anything because he’s a
prick.
Arsène is him, though- if he knows, then Ren knows; Crow sure as hell knows“You’re a persona.” Ren gasps, the dawning understanding hitting him with all the force of
an oncoming train.
Crow smiles.
“You-” Ren starts, gaping, “But- I can’t-”
The Aeon sparks and writhes,
When it settles, it rests on rank nine.
“What,” Crow says lowly, leaning forward, “Is my name?”
“I-” Ren feels his throat tighten, his eyes burning inexplicably, “I don’t know.” He confesses,
weakly.
Crow leans back, disappointment etched into every line of his face.
“Well.” He says with a sigh, “Mull it over.”
Ren wakes up, cheeks wet from a dream he can’t remember.
***
Ren doesn’t know why he woke up crying the other day, but he isn’t in the mood to examine
it.
He has a palace to complete, several people to keep alive, and frankly he’s a little tired of
distractions. If it isn’t immediately relevant, then he’ll think about it later.
They have a deadline (a soft one, but a deadline nonetheless), and they’ve barely made any
progress.
Ren gives a nod to Justine, receiving an eye roll in return, and turns to the Phantom Thieves.
He promised Goro he’d let him on the front lines- a promise he intends to keep- but Ren still
has two other people he needs to choose to join them.
“Mona,” He calls out, “Skull. You guys itching for a fight?”
Ryuji grins, “You know it!”
“Finally…” Morgana sighs. Ren winces, realising he’s been somewhat neglecting the cat’s
vanguard privileges.

“Great.” Ren nods, and turns to smirk at Goro, “Crow?”
“Do you have to ask?”
“Not really.” Ren smiles, “Let’s go.”
Futaba taps at her phone, the Nav bright on her screen, warping them to their furthest safe
room.
Ren shakes off the dizziness associated with quick travel in the Metaverse, and gestures to
the door, walking over to push it open and preparing for any shadows that might be in the
surrounding hallway.
As soon as Ren steps out into the hallway, he pauses, as a dull headache pulses just behind
his eyes.
His decision to ignore it is immediately undermined by the pain blooming like rot and slicing
into every nerve in his head.
“Fuck-” Ren tries to grit out, before, there’s something, he can’t tell what- there’s supposed to
be something here, isn’t there?
“Joker?” Someone’s voice, far, far, away, separated by leagues of water, cries out, “Crow?!”
He’s supposed to be seeing something. There’s flashes, of colour, light, and sound, but there’s
so much pain that all Ren can feel see and think is whitewhitewhiteSomething grasps at his shoulder, and he doesn’t have the energy to pull back- there are other
voices, panicked, that whisper at the edges of his senses.
He’s supposed to remember. He shouldn’t be seeing anything at all, no, he’s already supposed
to know- why can’t he remember? A name, he needs a name, but he doesn’t- he tries sounding
it out, grasping for vowels and syllables that all melt around his tongue into a soup of
nonsense- someone’s angry with him- he can’t handle that- he needs to help, but he still
doesn’t know whatA tug, a whirlpool, shouts of panic, and thenA crumpled heap, as Ren feels himself spill out onto pavement, only just managing to throw
his hands out to soften the blow before his skull cracks on the ground.
“Shit, sorry man!” Someone’s voice- Ryuji, Ren registers- shouts.
Ren can only cough weakly in response, as the lancing pain ebbs into a dull throb.
“Are they both okay?!” Ann’s voice, this time, andBoth?
“Joker…?” Morgana’s voice asks, close to his ear, “Joker, c’mon, we have to move-”

“Yeah,” Ren releases a shuddering breath, slowly pushing himself off the ground. Someone
grabs his shoulder, dragging him upwards.
Ren peels his eyes open, and freezes as they land on Goro, half collapsed against Yusuke’s
shoulder.
“W-what,” Ren swallows, “What happened?”
“You and Akechi collapsed!” Futaba cries, eyes wide and slightly shaking, “You took, like,
one step outside the safe room, and-”
“We had to drag you both back into reality.” Yusuke says, looking grim, “You were
completely unresponsive.”
“Ren.” Makoto speaks up, shooting him a look, “Was this…?”
Another vision? Is the implication. Ren shrugs weakly, blinking rapidly to try and wake
himself up.
“I don’t know,” He says, “It was- something was wrong.”
Whatever something was started as soon as they left a safe space in cognition and ended the
second they wound up back in reality. Ren wouldn't call himself an expert in cognitive
matters, but“Well, we’re not going back into the Metaverse like this.” Morgana mutters, voicing Ren's
conclusion, “We’ll have to delay again.”
Shit.
But, there’s not a lot Ren can argue when he can barely stand.
Across from him, Goro stirs, blinking awake. A scowl immediately pulls at his lips, “…
What-?” He cuts off as he chokes on a cough.
“You and Ren passed out!” Ann says with forced cheer, and the juxtaposition seems to
confuse Goro enough that he wakes up a little more, “So we’re not going to the palace
today!”
Goro opens his mouth, probably to demand several explanations, but eventually jams it shut
and shakes his head.
“Alright, then.” He says, voice oddly flat.
Ren swallows again, trying to combat the dryness in his throat, “To Leblanc?” He asks,
weakly.
(On the way there, still slumped against Yusuke’s shoulder, in Akechi’s mind, the Judgement
grows to rank five.)

***
It is something quite humiliating, to collapse spontaneously.
Akechi had grit his teeth all the way to Leblanc, had smiled tightly at everyone’s concern,
and had nearly snapped when Ren had quietly asked to speak with him even after everyone
else had left.
He’s not in the mood.
But, he supposes, Ren shouldn’t be either, if he also collapsed.
Akechi is dead certain that Ren shared the same vision he did, in that moment. Which is to
say, something entirely useless and unnecessarily painful- so much so that they both fell
something to the left of unconscious.
But, that’s the ticket, isn’t it? Ren isn’t an idiot. Akechi knows that he’s already connected the
paltry dots to realise that Akechi is in the same predicament he is - and who knows what wild
theories his mind will extrapolate upon, following that revelation?
Which, Akechi assumes, is the reasoning behind why he’s being strongarmed into staying at
Leblanc for a while, Morgana having awkwardly skittered off earlier, muttering something
about keeping Futaba company, as he tends do, when escaping uncomfortable situations.
And so.
“What is it that you wanted to talk about, Ren?” Akechi asks brightly, opting for the ‘play
dumb’ approach.
Ren levels him with an unimpressed look, walking around to the other side of the counter to
start busying himself with the coffee siphons. “I wonder what.” He drawls out sarcastically.
Akechi drops the smile, shooting Ren an equally unimpressed glare, “This is hardly the
opportunity to prove yourself right that you think it is. You collapsed as well.”
Ren’s lips tug down in a frown, as he keeps his attention on the cup of coffee he’s making,
“I’m not trying to… berate you, or something. I just think we should talk about it.”
“About what.”
Ren rolls his eyes as he finishes pouring the cup, sliding it over until it rests in front of
Akechi, “Are you being difficult on purpose?”
“Yes.” Akechi deadpans, “I live to inconvenience you.”
Ren sighs, though he looks to be supressing a small smile as he does. “Goro,” He starts, after
he recollects himself, “Do you ever feel like you’re forgetting something?”

Akechi pauses.
“Like,” Ren stumbles over his words, looking caught between wanting to take the words back
and wanting to double down, “Just kind of a feeling in the back of your head- do you get
those kinds of migraines often? Not that badly, obviously, but-”
“Ren.” Akechi cuts across, holding up a hand, “Slow down.”
Ren nods slowly, face flushing.
Akechi flicks his eyes downward, taking a small sip of the coffee in front of him. His lips
quirk up as he gives a short, pleased, hum, “This is different.”
Ren scratches the back of his neck, “I was trying something new.” He says, voice deceptively
neutral, “Is it good different?”
“It is.” Akechi says.
Ren smiles, “Good.”
A beat.
And a stalemate.
A fair one, sure. It’s clear that Ren doesn’t want to actually talk about the incident today any
more than Akechi does- doing so would open up a can of worms for both parties, and neither
are willing to grit their teeth and expose themselves in such a way.
Akechi certainly doesn’t want to admit to ignoring the clearly worsening bouts of pain that
seems to come with the Metaverse as of late, and neither does Ren. That would be an
admittance of defeat in the unspoken game of chicken they've set up for themselves.
So, all that’s left is an uncomfortable silence as Akechi takes another sip of coffee.
“I think everyone wants to take a break from the palace infiltration.” Ren eventually says,
“Give us some time to rest up.”
“Oh?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “How do you plan on combatting our ever-encroaching
deadline?”
Not that it particularly matters to him if the thieves miss the deadline. It would be beneficial,
even.
(But, another voice chooses to remind him, what if this extends into Sugimura’s palace, too?
Then he’ll have a problem.)
Ren bites at his lip, “I don’t know.” He confesses quietly.
Akechi hums shortly, turning back to his coffee.

Ren audibly swallows, shaking his head, “We’ll think of something.” He laughs weakly,
“Well, now you see why I was worried about you, at least.”
Oh, so they are talking about this. Akechi puts the mug down with a pointed clink, “Evidence
suggests I should be equally worried about you, Amamiya.”
Ren winces, “I- that’s not-” He huffs, “I’m still not trying to tell you off, or anything.”
“Then what are you trying to do?” Akechi says sweetly.
Ren throws up his hands, looking frustrated, “You get annoyed when I try to keep you out of
danger, so I thought it might make you feel better to know why.”
“You’ve given me the same weak reasoning many times.” Akechi hisses, losing grasp of his
mask, “Something about friendship and caring, was it? I’ll have you know that I much prefer
action over sentiment, so I suppose you don’t know me very well at all.”
A low blow, and Ren winces, looking genuinely hurt. He nods silently and ducks his head,
not moving to say anything more.
Akechi quickly tries to reorganise his face into something more neutral, and ignores the
prickling feeling he gets from seeing Ren’s expression crumple.
Suddenly, Ren looks up, a determined glint in his eye, “Let’s go to the jazz club.”
Akechi blinks, “What?”
“The jazz club,” Ren repeats unnecessarily, “We’re getting heated, and the jazz club is
relaxing, so.” He gestures, indicating that his point is finished.
“You remem-” Akechi cuts himself off, clamping his jaw shut. Of course Ren remembers.
He’s Ren.
“Yeah.” Ren says, a small smile pulling at his lips, “So…?”
Akechi resists the urge to roll his eyes and scoff, and instead quietly pushes his chair back to
stand up, gesturing toward the doorway, “Well, if you insist.”
“I do insist.” Ren nods, smile growing a little wider.
Akechi can’t quite stop the eye roll that time.
***
The jazz club does not solve their problems, but it does give them another avenue to ignore
them.
There’s no singer tonight, so Ren and Akechi both avoid eye contact while taking polite sips
of their drinks, listening absently to the record in place of live music.

Ren is the first to crack in the silence.
“Tell me about yourself.” He says, the determined glint in his eye returning.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, thrown by the seemingly random turn, “…That’s a rather vague
question.”
“I know.” Ren tugs at his fringe, “But you’re right. I don’t know as much about you as I
would like. So,” He waves a hand, “Enlighten me.”
“You know plenty about me.” Akechi says dismissively, as unbothered as he can manage, “I
said that to get under your skin. And you don’t talk much about yourself, either.”
Ren tilts his head, considering. “Alright.” He concedes.
“Alright?” Akechi asks, incredulous. He didn’t think it’d be that easy.
“I don’t talk about myself a lot.” Ren says, “So I’ll go first.”
He presses his lips together, seemingly considering what he’s going to say. “So,” He starts, “I
did dance, as a kid- ballet. And some more modern styles.” He adds. He frowns, like he’s
already run out of interesting things to say, “I’m an only child.”
Akechi hums, “I don’t know anything about your family.”
Ren shrugs, “It’s not super exciting. My parents are normal. Aggressively normal.” He ducks
his head, “They weren’t super happy when I got arrested.”
“I assume that’s part of the reason why they shipped you off to Tokyo on your own?” Akechi
asks dryly.
Ren tugs at his fringe again, “Yeah.”
“What loving parents.” Akechi says brightly.
Ren waves a hand, “They try.”
“Do they?”
Ren freezes, like he wasn’t expecting to be challenged about this. “They’re normal people.”
He says, not sounding that confident, “Normal parents… it makes sense that they’d be
upset.”
Akechi leans forward, “Is that really what you think?”
Ren narrows his eyes, “Yes.”
There's a tense pause. Ren ducks his head, while Akechi doesn't move.
“Liar.” Akechi says, conversationally, “You lead a vigilante group. There’s no way you’re not
furious about the way things are. So why are you making excuses for the people who tossed

you away like trash?”
“Of course I’m fucking angry.” Ren finally snaps, his expression twisting into something that
isn’t guarded neutrality, “I tried so goddamn- I did everything I could to keep my head down,
and the one time I decide to do something that’s right, they all but disown me for being a
bother.”
As soon as the words are finished being said, Ren freezes like he’s shocked at what’s just
come tumbling out of his mouth.
Akechi suppresses a smirk.
Well now. There’s something interesting.
“You didn’t answer the question.” Akechi points out, while Ren seems to be grasping for
control over his expression, “Why do you make excuses, when that’s how you truly feel?”
Ren ducks his head, face shuttered, “Sometimes it isn’t worth being pissed all the time.”
Akechi shoots him a flat look, “But you are pissed all the time. You’ve just gotten so
excellent at hiding it that you barely even realise anymore.”
Ren snorts, “I guess.” He pauses, “I think I know why it’s different.”
Akechi gives him a questioning look.
“I mean,” Ren goes to explain, “Why I can be… apathetic about my parents, but not about all
the thieves’ stuff.”
“Go on.”
“Because it isn’t about me.” Ren says with a shrug, “With everyone else, I can see how much
their situations suck, and I want to act on it. But…”
“Self-reflection isn’t your strong suit, then?” Akechi asks, finishing the point.
Ren laughs, “I guess it isn’t, yeah.”
Akechi thinks, distantly, about mirrors.
The Tower prods up his spine, restless.
Akechi ignores it.
“What about you?” Ren says, after a beat, “Your parents, I mean.”
“I’m an orphan.” Akechi says immediately.
Ren winces, “Oh, shit, sorry. I- can’t remember if you told me that before.”

It takes everything within Akechi to not glare at Ren for the pity. “There’s no need to offer
condolences,” Akechi says with his prettiest smile and best interview voice, “It’s not relevant
to you.”
Ren seems slightly put off by the sudden change in demeanour, “You just gave me a pep talk
about my parents.” He points out.
Akechi rolls his eyes, choosing not to dignify that with a response.
“I- technically, calling me an orphan isn’t actually entirely accurate.” Akechi blurts after a
pause, “My father is still alive.” He says to Ren’s confused look.
Ren’s mouth parts in a little ‘o’ as he seems to catch onto the implication.
“My mother raised me on her own.” Akechi says, “For as long as she was able.”
Ren opens his mouth, another apology probably on his tongue, before he seems to think
better of it and clicks his jaw shut. “That sucks.” He says instead, and Akechi laughs slightly.
“It does, doesn’t it?” Akechi agrees, staring down at the table.
Ren frowns, “…How about you? Why aren’t you angrier about this?”
Akechi blinks, and tilts his head, “Where did I give you the impression that I’m not?”
Ren seems to regard him more seriously, “My mistake. You just seem…” He pauses, “Tired.
Sad.” He grins a little, “Morose.”
“Those are all adjectives, yes.” Akechi says flatly.
“Are you angry, though?”
Akechi tilts his head, wondering whether to be truthful.
Something in him doubts Ren would be put off by fury. But, who’s to say? Maybe Akechi’s
ire is too messy, too ugly, to be grouped in with the self-righteous anger of the rest of the
Phantom Thieves.
Maybe they’d hate him, if they all knew how much he’s let rage carve his path.
He tests the waters.
“I am.” Akechi confesses, eyeing Ren’s expression. When it doesn’t change, he continues, “I
hate him. My father. Every time I remember he’s still alive I just get so pissed off, because he
gets to live it up when he left my mother and I to rot without a second thought.”
He cuts himself off with a sharp breath, ducking his head and quickly looking away.
(In part, he had hoped that opening up to Sumire and Haru first would make this easier. It has
not.)

He worries he’s said too much, when Ren doesn’t respond. When he looks back, though, Ren
is regarding him quietly, looking thoughtful.
“Do you know his name?” Ren asks, suddenly.
Akechi narrows his eyes.
“I mean,” Ren shakes his head quickly, “I probably should have asked this first- do you want
to change his heart?”
Well.
All that worrying over whether the thieves would accept his request, and Ren hands him the
offer on a silver platter, without Akechi having to speak a single word of his crimes.
Though, he supposes that was never really the problem, was it?
Akechi keeps his put-upon neutrality as he shrugs, “It’s an option.” He says, because it is.
Ren gives him a look, “You… want to do something else?”
Akechi taps at the table, “I want to give every avenue its due consideration.”
Ren hums, and seems to accept the reasoning. “Alright.”
“What about you?” Akechi shoots back, “Ever thought about changing your parent’s hearts?”
Ren frowns, “I- it seems a little…” His frown deepens, “Extreme.”
“In terms of extreme actions, I think it’s fair to say that they started it.” Akechi points out
dryly.
Ren snorts. “Yeah. Fair.”
They both laugh, and fall back into comfortable silence.
Akechi finishes off the dregs of his drink, “Well. Should we get going?”
Ren bites at his lip, poking at the ice in the bottom of his glass with his straw, “…Can we
stay, for a bit?”
Akechi can’t get a read on his expression. He relents anyway. “Sure.”
Ren smiles, and the Justice grows to rank nine.

Chapter End Notes

[hacks up a lung] hey
LMAO anyways.
With regard to Ren's parents: I don't really actively dislike any interpretation I've come
across- i've read pretty much every option; from them being actively abusive, to them
actually being quite lovely, to what I've chosen to go with here: them being painfully
normal, to the point that it's detrimental. I find that's my favourite way to go about his
parentage, since I think it fits with the themes of p5, where stagnation and fear of change
is what lets horrible people get away with horrible things. Though it isn't super
important in this fic, Ren's parents are pretty standard: They have respectable jobs, they
worried about his grades, told him not to get into trouble, and enacted mild punishments
when he did. They shipped him off to Tokyo so quickly because an assult record on one
family member colours the rest, and setting him off on "rehabilitation" (ha) is their
attempt at damage control- "Look at what a normal family we are! Our son may have
fucked up, but we're setting him straight!" They may not be disowning him, but they
sure aren't standing up for him, either.
It could be worse, yes, but that's half the point. "it could be worse" is such a horrible
mentality to get stuck in and can lead to cycles of abuse and yadda yadda
anyways thematic analysis over LMAO
So I'm a fool (not the fun kind) and I FORGOT to link some art last week, and now I
seem to be sitting on an influx of fanart for this fic (!! <3 <3), so I'll link it here:
First of all, this is what I forgot last week: inks-lil-quiet-corner on tumblr made a lovely
rendition of Ren "I've connected the dots" Amamiya that made me grin like an idiot,
which you can find here!
Next up, kx0e on tumblr (and twitter, I believe) made an amazing sketchdump of a
whole lot of scenes from this fic (they're! wonderful! they're exactly what I envisioned
for those scenes lmao) which you can find here!
Then, radioelly on tumblr made a comic for a scene from chapter 9 that made me giggle
uncontrolably (the framing sent me LMAO), which you can find here!
Then finally mafuyuakgae (also on tumblr, who would have guessed) ALSO made a
comic for a scene in this fic ("Therapy" "NO"), which made me cackle loudly (ROBIN
i'm.), which you can find here!
Aaand that's a wrap! If I ever miss anything feel free to come yell at me LMAO
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Magician rank ten still alludes the narrative... any updated guesses for who
will hit max rank first?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6

Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 9
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 9
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 9
--Akechi: Do you ever think our lives would be easier if we practiced healthy
communication?
Ren: hmm.
Ren: nah.
Akechi: Yeah that's what I thought too

Chapter 42
Chapter Summary

recursive loops, information gathering, and unfortunate coincedences

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

In hindsight, it was wishful thinking that led Akechi to believe that Sugimura’s palace would
be any different from Okumura’s.
He hadn’t had any visions in Sugimura’s palace previously, so why should they start now?
Akechi suspected that they were largely related to Ren, or anything to do with the previous
timeline, of which Sugimura seemed irrelevant.
That thought was quickly dashed when he doubled over with pain as soon as he entered the
Metaverse, as though something were slowly prying his veins from his skin.
This very quickly led to Akechi being manhandled back into reality by Haru and Sumire,
which brings him to now, where he’s slumped against the brick wall of the alley they use to
enter Sugimura’s palace.
"What,” Haru starts, voice deceptively sweet, “Was that?”
“Ah.” Akechi laughs pleasantly in response, “Did I neglect to inform you?”
Haru’s smile widens, and her eyes crinkle at the corners, “It seems you did, yes!”
Sumire looks like she’s watching a car crash.
“Uh,” She starts, eyes flicking rapidly between the two of them with no small amount of fear,
“So! Goro! Was that a vision…?”
“A what?” Haru tilts her head, the picture of polite curiosity, smile fixed in place.
Akechi lets Sumire hurriedly catch Haru up to speed as he leans a little heavier against the
alley wall, trying to regain his bearings over the muted pulse that pulls at the base of his
skull.
Haru hums softly, looking a little less like she’s about to commit murder, “Alright, then…”
She turns to Akechi, “Are they always that painful?”

“No.” He grits out, rubbing at his temples, “It’s usually just a headache, and I can actually see
something. The only other times it was this bad was yesterday in Okumura’s palace and…”
months ago, when he was fighting off the call of chaos he had cast upon some unfortunate
target.
Sumire grimaces, “This happened in Okumura’s palace, too?”
Akechi nods, “Ren and I both got caught unawares. We’ve had to put off the palace
infiltration until further notice.”
Haru bites at her lip, “Well, if it’s affecting you in all parts of the Metaverse, then we may
have to do the same.”
Akechi’s lips tug downward in a tight frown. Shido hasn’t given him any orders, lately, but
that could change at any time- then he’d really be in trouble.
That, and the deadline for Sugimura is one he’s significantly more concerned about in
comparison to Okumura.
Sumire, as if reading his mind, taps her chin, “Can Haru-senpai and I make progress on our
own…? Just until we figure out a way to fix,” She gestures up and down Akechi’s entire
body, “This?”
Akechi rolls his eyes at the jab, before regarding her question more seriously, “That would be
helpful, but neither of you are navigators. That wouldn’t necessarily be a problem in most
palaces, but with the trouble Sugimura’s is giving us, I’d exercise more caution.”
Haru nods, considering, “What about Mementos, though? We were supposed to take a look
down there at some point, yes?”
Sumire brightens, “Oh, right!” She turns to Akechi, “We can take care of that while you rest
up! And if it’s a problem for Ren-senpai too, then maybe the thieves will be able to come up
with some way to help you with the migraines in the meantime!”
Akechi sincerely doubts that the thieves will be able to combat metaphysical fuckery, but it’s
a nice thought.
“I suppose that works.” Akechi concedes, “Mementos can be dangerous without navigation,
though.” He pauses, “Actually, here.” He empties his pockets of all the Metaverse supplies he
had brought today, “These will teleport you back to the entrance, these can distract shadows,
these- don’t use these, actually. They’re useless.”
Sumire nods attentively as he points to each item, while Haru scans them sharply.
“We’ll be careful.” Haru promises, “We’ll make sure not to split up, and we won’t get into
any fights unnecessarily.”
“Right!” Sumire nods determinedly, “Oh, and we won’t linger on any one floor too long,
either.”

“If the reaper kills you, I’ll never let you live it down. And I’ll never forgive you.” Akechi
tacks on as an afterthought.
Haru giggles, “We’ll be extra sure to stay alive, then.” She tilts her head, “I wonder if Joséchan could give us a lift?”
Sumire looks thoughtful, “If we run in to him, we can ask.”
“Don’t count on it.” Akechi warns, “There’s no guarantee you’ll encounter him.”
Haru shrugs delicately, “Well, if we’re lucky.”
Akechi huffs, “Indeed.” He taps his shoe against the ground, “When do you think you’ll go?”
Sumire presses her lips together, “Not today. Sometime this week?”
Haru nods, “That sounds good.”
Akechi ignores the annoyance at being sidelined in both teams he’s a part of. He can tear his
way through minds and crack and shatter and make sure it stays broken, and yet now he can’t
even take one step in the cognitive world without collapsing.
Wonderful. His only consolation is that Ren has the same problem. He isn’t sure if it’s
pettiness or sympathy that spawns the emotion.
Akechi sighs, “Well. Stay out of trouble.”
***
Futaba would like to say she didn’t waste time in calling Makoto for an emergency meeting,
but she sort of did, and she doesn’t like to make a habit of lying (unless it’s by omission), so.
She’s spent the day or so between now and their last palace infiltration stewing in the
revelations that were brought about by their brief foray into Okumura’s palace, trying to piece
it into something coherent.
She could tell by the uneasy look in the other thieves’ eyes that everyone understands the
implications of what happened.
But, no one is talking about it. No one wants to be the one to demand a meeting and press
Akechi for what he knows, no one wants to be the one to force Ren to spill the myriad secrets
he’s probably been holding just behind his lips, and no one wants to ask what the two of them
saw in the vision that looked like it was more painful than the slice fire knives ice that follows
a persona awakening.
So, Futaba can only assume that everyone else is doing what she’s taken to do doing. That
being, wallowing in self-pity and helplessness at the situation and hoping that someone else
can come up with a way to proceed. Ren sure as hell hasn’t- he hasn’t even texted the group
chat since the incident.

But no longer! Futaba’s getting a little bored, and she abruptly remembered a few minutes
ago that she already has a partner in crime that she’s discussed this with. So, it’s with a small
amount of gusto and a large amount of nervous energy that she texts Makoto and demands
that she allow Futaba to grace her with her presence.
Makoto, immediately understanding what that means, shows up at Futaba’s house thirty
minutes later.
“So, I take we’re actually going to talk about this?” Makoto says primly as she takes a seat on
Futaba’s bed, as Futaba herself spins awkwardly in her chair.
“Yup.” She responds, popping the ‘p’, “Well, we know for sure now that Akechi’s definitely
getting those visions, right?”
“Right.” Makoto agrees with a sigh. She huffs, “I don’t know what to do about it- No one
else seems to, either.” She throws up her hands, "I've texted Ren - multiple times! - but he
hasn't responded with anything meaningful."
“Yep- sounds like him.” Futaba mumbles, “I wonder how much Akechi actually knows?
Like, what he’s not telling us.”
Makoto frowns, “He has to have noticed that Ren is getting these visions as well. He might
have even noticed before, too, and just didn’t say anything.”
“But because no one’s moving to actually talk about it, we’re in a stalemate of ‘I know that
you know’.” Futaba finishes, and groans, “This is a mess! And it would be so easy if we justugh! but I’m kinda scared what we’re gonna find out!”
“You’d think that Akechi-kun would be willing to speak up, if he noticed he wasn’t alone…”
Makoto mutters, “It makes me think he actively has something to hide.”
“We haven’t exactly said anything, either.” Futaba points out.
Makoto shakes her head, “I guess that’s true. But in our case, we do have something to hide.
Do we want to tell Akechi-kun that Ren foretold his death? It seems…”
“He might already know.” Futaba says, bringing her knees up to her chest, “And there’s no
way Ren would let us just tell him. We’d have to go behind his back to do it, and I… don’t
wanna do that.”
Makoto sighs, worrying her lips together, “That’s… fair.” She slumps, “I guess we’ll…
remain at a stalemate until someone cracks.”
“That’s stupid.” Futaba mutters.
Makoto’s lips twitch upward, “It sure is.” She intones dryly. She frowns, “Honestly, I think
someone might actually crack sooner rather than later.” Futaba thinks she might crack, at this
rate, “We can’t make any progress in the palace like this.”

“Shit, I forgot about that.” Futaba jumps, “But, that’s good, right? The sooner someone
decides that the palace is more important than whatever the hell’s going on here, then the
sooner we can figure out how to stop their heads from exploding!”
Makoto presses her lips together, “…What if we can’t, though? This isn’t something we have
any idea how to fix- are we going to be down our leader and a member forever?”
Futaba picks at the skin around her nails, “No way it’s forever, right…?”
Makoto sighs, “We don’t know. There’s no way we can know- we only know that these
visions have been escalating lately, to the point where Ren and Akechi-kun can’t be in the
Metaverse at all.”
Futaba pauses, “…Do you think it’s hurting them?”
Makoto shoots her a look, “It did look pretty painful, yes.”
“No, I mean,” Futaba shakes her head, trying to get her thoughts out coherently, “Do you
think it could be a little more… permanent? Like, do you think if we aren’t careful it could
kill them?”
Makoto’s eyes widen with understanding, then narrow sharply, “…You think… this could be
what's supposed to kill Akechi-kun?”
Futaba jumps, and quickly waves her hands, “Well, it’s a theory! I mean, he’s not gonna just
drop dead walking in the street, right? So this is super avoidable! We just have to…” She
trails off, picking at her nails a little harder.
After a beat, Makoto sighs, “We’ll make sure him and Ren don’t go into the Metaverse. No
one’s going to die,” She says it with such confidence that Futaba almost believes her, “We
just have to figure this out.”
A pause.
“I feel like we say ‘we’ll figure this out’ a lot and then don’t make a lot of progress.” Futaba
says flatly.
Makoto grimaces, “Well, we will.”
“Sure.” Futaba shrugs. Another pause. “How…?”
Makoto tilts her head, “Well, we already know everything about Ren’s side of the visions.”
“Akechi might die, Okumura might die, Sumire might be the black mask?” Futaba
summarises.
Makoto’s grimace gets a little more strained, “…Right. Since we know all of that already,
should we… try and get some more information on Akechi-kun?”
“Weren’t we trying to do that already?” Futaba points out.

“Stay the course, then.” Makoto says wryly.
Futaba slumps further against her chair, wracking her brain for something she hasn’t already
tried. She jumps, “This is kind of a long shot, but… I could ask Sojiro if he knows anything
about my mom’s research?” She shoves her glasses further up her face, “It’s making a bunch
of assumptions, but if Akechi’s past going ‘poof!’ and my mom’s research disappearing are
connected, then Sojiro might know something.”
Makoto nods, “That’s a good idea. And even if it doesn’t lead to anything about Akechi-kun,
you still want more information on what your mother was researching, right?”
“Yup!” Futaba brightens, then tilts her head, “What about you? Any sources you can poke
at?”
Makoto’s face twists like she’s swallowed a lemon, “I… could ask my sis…?”
“You… don’t sound super confident?” Futaba mimics Makoto’s tone.
Makoto huffs, “That’s because I’m not. Akechi-kun said that he and my sis haven’t spoken in
a while, and I’m not sure of that’s changed. And, she’s always mad at me, these days.”
“Well, just try your best!” Futaba says cheerfully, giving a thumbs-up, “Just back off if the
mission gets a little above your level- and other than that, it’ll be super easy!”
***
Futaba has no idea if Makoto’s side of the quest is turning out to be a walk in the park, but on
Futaba’s side of things, she’s kind of regretting her declaration that this would be easy.
Realistically, she should have asked Sojiro about all this stuff years ago. But, there was the
time when she didn’t see him for months while all her aunts and uncles were playing hot
potato with her custody, and then she could barely bring herself to leave her room, let alone
speak, for years.
So, there’s that.
And then there’s that lingering whisper of her mom’s voice, snapping at her for taking a peek
at her research. Her mom told her that she didn’t want Futaba to know, so shouldn’t she
respect her wishes? Should she really go looking, out of some misplaced sense of owing her
mom for this?
Futaba knows that excuse is dumb, because she’s already gone looking for her mom’s
research, several times. She knows she’s just scared.
Because what if Sojiro gets mad, too? What if he doesn’t know anything, what if he knows
everything, what if, what if, what ifBut that’s stupid too, and she’s pretty sure Necronomicon agrees, so she just has to get over
it.

“H-hey, Sojiro?” She squeaks, not at all the picture of cool calm and collected she wanted.
Sojiro looks up from some newspaper he’s glaring holes into as he sits on the living room
couch, “Yes, Futaba?”
Hoo boy. The intensely ‘dad’ vibe that Sojiro is currently emanating is decidedly not helping
Futaba out right now.
“Um.” Futaba stutters, “I wanted to ask about mom.”
Sojiro’s face does that thing where Futaba’s sure he’s trying not to show what he really thinks
about that question, “Sure…” He says, sounding cautious, “What do you want to know?”
Okay. Deep breaths. This is easy.
“C-can you…” She stutters again, because of course she does, “Tell me about her research?”
Sojiro pauses.
“It’s just- you worked in the government and stuff right? I think I remember her making fun
of you for that,” She starts rambling into the silence, “And so you must’ve known something,
I mean, you were probably basically like James Bond or whatever-”
The last comment seems to startle a chuckle out of Sojiro, and Futaba cuts herself off.
“It wasn’t anything glamourous.” Sojiro says dryly, waving a hand as he puts down the
newspaper, “It was just negotiations between Wakaba’s lab and the politicians she got her
funding from.”
Futaba nods eagerly, “So you hafta’ know some stuff, right?”
Sojiro sighs wearily, “Sure, but, Futaba, are you sure it won’t upset you? I mean-”
“Psh.” Futaba waves a dismissive hand and scoffs, “I’ve been looking for this stuff for ages,
and I already know heaps about all that cog psi stuff, I just wanna know what mom was
doing.”
Sojiro looks alarmed by several parts of that statement, but looks like he knows how to pick
his battles. “Alright…” He sighs, “Where should I start…?”
Futaba quickly scurries over to the couch opposite from where Sojiro’s sitting and plonks
down, fear entirely forgotten as she swings her legs back and forth.
Sojiro scratches at his chin, “Honestly, Wakaba didn’t let me get near a lot of her stuff. She’d
always just say it was ‘confidential’ and push me out the door,” He sighs, “Not very helpful
when I was supposed to be negotiating security and funding, but she seemed to make it
work.”
Futaba deflates, “So don’t know anything…?”

Sojiro waves a hand, “I know a few things- she’d gush about her theories occasionally, but if
you already know about cognitive psience as you say, then you probably know more than
Wakaba ever let slip to me.”
True. Futaba also has the added advantage of actually being able to travel to the cognitive
world, so she’s got some of that cold hard data to look at- the kind her mom would probably
be drooling at.
“Though…” Sojiro mutters, “I know Wakaba had a couple of test subjects. You’d have to, if
you’re studying the human mind.”
“Test subjects?” Futaba perks up, caught between alarm and curiosity.
Sojiro nods, a frown twisting the corner of his mouth, “Yeah. I remember she cycled through
a bunch at one point. Never let me see what she was doing to them- always said they were
‘incompatible’ when she let ‘em go.” His frown deepens, “But I do remember one kid she
kept around for a while.”
Futaba’s eyes widen and she stiffens, “…A kid?” She clarifies.
A kid. Her mom was experimenting on a kid. That’s fine, right? You have to sign a bunch of
stuff to do that, so totally legal and ethical! ButA kid. It could be no one. This kid could be completely unrelated to everything. She’s pretty
sure Sojiro would still call someone 'kid' well into their twenties, butIt could be the black mask. Or it could be Akechi.
Surely, Akechi would have said something if he knew her mom, right? She even told him that
her mom was a scientist, and Futaba’s well aware that she’s the spitting image of her mom,
too. He’s a detective, he would have connected the dots. He would have told her.
(Unless, he has a reason to hide it.)
And then the black mask. Sumire, maybe. If her mom was doing Metaverse experiments,
then maybe her subject awakened a persona? Maybe that’s what her mom meant by
‘incompatible’- maybe the black mask was the first to tear their face off.
(But then, Sumire is Futaba’s age. That, and all its implications, has never registered to her
before. It’s fine, she insists to herself as a mantra.
And yet, something still sits, restless, at the thought of her mom doing experiments on
someone so similar to her.)
“Yeah.” Sojiro almost scowls, conveying pretty clearly what his opinion of her mom’s choice
of test subjects is, “I only saw him once or twice. Scrawny. I don’t even remember what he
looked like.”
He.

So. Not Sumire, then.
That still leaves Akechi. Or someone unrelated.
Or, maybe Sumire isn’t the black mask at all.
Futaba pauses.
That’s… a good point, actually.
They only have Ren’s weird visions and his own suspicions as proof that Sumire is anything
shady. Futaba trusts Ren, trusts his judgement, but really- what do they actually have as
actual, tangible, proof that Sumire is the black mask?
If Futaba’s so put off by someone her age being experimented on, then why did she not clock
that Sumire is kinda young for murder?
Well- that’s hardly a defence, now that she thinks about it. There isn’t a ‘you have to be this
old to ride’ on murder. Anyone can kill someone if they’re desperate enough.
…Can anyone become an assassin, if they’re desperate enough? Futaba doesn’t know. She
doesn’t know anything- there’s nothing to go off of, and it’s starting to frustrate her so much
that she isn’t sure if she wants to rip her hair out or snap her glasses in two, and she’s glad
that she has enough self-restraint to do neither.
“I tried to get Wakaba to tell me more.” Sojiro mutters, and Futaba thinks he isn’t actually
talking to her anymore, “But she always waved me off. ‘Signed all the forms!’ she said,” He
scoffs, “Like I can’t tell when documents are forged. Shady stuff.”
Right.
Futaba picks at the skin around her nails.
Sojiro snaps out of his reminiscence, and grimaces, “I shouldn’t have- don’t worry about it,
Futaba.” He waves a hand, “I don’t really know anything else.”
Futaba isn’t the best at telling when people are lying, but her bullshit sensors are definitely
pinging.
It’s too bad that she thinks she might actually agree with Sojiro when he says she shouldn’t
worry about it. She isn’t sure she wants to know.
You promised you would not look away from the truths as they fall before you.
Necronomicon whispers in her high, childish, voice.
Well. Not tonight.
Futaba nods, and pastes on a grin, “S’okay, Sojiro. G’night!” She waves, and rushes back to
her room.

The fading sound of a sigh behind her tells her that Sojiro sees right through her, but that’s
okay.
She makes a note to relay what she can to Makoto.
***
Makoto is a lot of things, she’s sure, but a coward isn’t one of them.
She hopes. She hopes a lot, actually; because if she repeats it enough in her head, then maybe
the thought of talking to her sister won’t cause her to clam up, pale and sweaty.
She wonders when her sister stopped really being her sister.
But, now isn’t the time. There are lives on the line, and if sucking it up and talking to her
sister is what keeps her from sliding back into the resigned apathy that had her in a chokehold
as early as a few months ago, then she’ll gladly spit in her hands and do the work.
Metaphorically, of course. Makoto’s lip curls at the thought of actually spitting in her hands.
She can’t imagine her sister would be too pleased, either.
Her somewhat unproductive train of thought is cut off by the sound of the front door opening.
“I’m home.” Sae’s voice shouts from the front, sounding somewhat less tired than normal. A
good start. Or, a good sign, at least.
“Welcome back!” Makoto shouts back, scrambling to get dinner ready.
Sae strides into the living room with about half her usual intensity, her bag and coat already
deposited in her room. “What’s for dinner?”
“Curry.” Makoto says simply, spooning rice into equal piles on two plates. She’s been getting
some tips from Sojiro and Ren ever since she mentioned that she makes most of the meals in
her house.
Sae hums absently, and Makoto stops herself from fidgeting as she quickly carries the two
plates over to the table.
Sae nods as Makoto sets down the food, whispering a quick thanks for the meal. Makoto
shuffles into her own seat and does the same.
The first time in weeks that her sister is home for dinner, and Makoto has to waste it asking
questions about Akechi.
Some vindictive, petty, part of herself hisses that she doesn’t have to ask. She’s spent more
than enough time seething in jealousy when her sister decided to have dinner with Akechi
rather than her. She deserves just one night where her sister doesn’t get on her case while
singing the praises of the supposed genius detective at the same time.

But, if something happens to Akechi, or Ren, or Okumura, and Makoto left this thread
unfollowed, then she knows she would spend the rest of her life wallowing in the what-if of if
her sister knew something that could have saved them.
She promised she wouldn’t run, she promised she wouldn’t be complacent; so she quietly sets
down her spoon and bites the bullet.
“Hey, sis?” She starts, tentatively, “Have you… spent any time with Akechi-kun lately?”
Sae pauses, looking both caught off-guard and slightly annoyed at the question, “Akechikun?” She says, sounding confused, “Why do you ask?”
How much truth to tell?
“Well, it’s just that I don’t know him very well,” Makoto says, hoping to anything that she’s
better at acting than Ann, “And… I’m a little worried about him.”
Sae’s eyebrows pinch together in something that could be alarm, “Worried? What do you
mean?”
“Well, he just seems a little distracted, lately.” Makoto says, clinging to the half-truth, “And
he doesn’t talk about himself, much, so I was wondering if you had any… insights.” She
finishes, stiltedly.
Sae frowns, “I was unaware you were spending time with him.”
What, am I not good enough? The petty and jealous part of Makoto hisses, and she shoves it
down. “He’s been spending time with our group of friends, lately. We aren’t the closest, but
we have spoken, occasionally.”
Sae nods as though this is a revelation. “I’m… glad you two are getting along.”
“We aren’t that close.” Makoto repeats quickly, before Sae can get any ideas.
Sae raises an eyebrow, “Well, I don’t know where you got the idea that I am. We actually
haven’t spoken in a while. You probably know more about him than I do, being closer to his
age.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “Well, you spent so much time with him.”
Sae waves a hand, “In a purely professional sense.”
“And having dinner with him all the time is part of that.” Makoto says, snippily, before she
can stop herself.
Sae, thankfully, doesn’t rise to the bait, “If I didn’t give him food, I was afraid he’d keel over.
You should’ve seen him when I first met him. He looked like he hadn’t eaten in months- and
he frankly hasn’t gotten that much better.” She says with an eye roll that seems almost fond.

Makoto takes a second to once again stomp on the part of herself that rallies to sabotage this
conversation, and instead takes reprieve in the easy segue. “What was he like, when you first
met?”
“Scrawny.” Sae says bluntly, pushing the curry around on her plate, “No one really took him
seriously at first. I didn’t, either. He was a little overeager in trying to prove himself.” She
shrugs, “But he did, eventually, and the director dumped the two of us on the mental
shutdown and psychotic breakdown cases, and later the Phantom Thieves.” She scoffs, “We
could tell that we were given both cases because everyone thinks they can’t be solved.”
Makoto frowns, “Then… why bother giving you the cases? You’re both competent, surely
they’d want to give the lost cause to someone less… vital. Were they that confident in your
abilities?” She asks, already aware of the true reason in the fringes of her mind.
Sae scowls, “Of course not.” She pokes at her curry a little more aggressively, “The higherups are always looking for ways to knock the two of us down a peg. We… have a
camaraderie, from that. Neither of us are willing to give anyone the satisfaction of our
failure.”
‘Purely professional’, Makoto mocks in her head.
Something passes over Sae’s face after a beat, “You said you were worried about him?”
“Yes,” Makoto nods, wondering what angle will get Sae to talk, “He’s the type to hide his
problems, so…”
Sae presses her lips together, “Do you have any idea what could be bothering him?”
Makoto huffs a laugh, “That’s what I was going to ask you. Do you know if he could be in
trouble with anyone, or…?”
Sae snorts, picking up on the implication, “If Akechi-kun is in trouble with the yakuza, then I
think hell just froze over.” She frowns, “He’s a model student, so I doubt anyone at school is
giving him trouble; he’s an emancipated minor with dead parents, so that isn’t a problem
either.” She sighs, “Sorry, Makoto, I have no idea.”
Makoto tries not to slump, “It’s fine. Maybe I’ll just press him for answers at some point.”
It’s the only option left, unless Futaba manages to unearth a miracle.
Sae huffs, “That might be difficult. He’s not exactly forthcoming about his personal life.”
Makoto almost scowls at the idea that Sae might be more interested in Akechi’s life than
hers. She doesn’t, because that’s hardly the point. “Well, I’ll try.”
They slip back into a stilted silence, as they are wont to do at dinner most days. Makoto
hastily picks her plate clean, eager to report her negligible findings to Futaba.
“Oh, Makoto?” Sae speaks up as Makoto moves to put her plate in the sink, “Keep an eye on
him, would you?”

Do it yourself if it’s so important to you, Makoto thinks. “Of course,” She says.
***
The next day, Sumire scowls at the ground as she leaves the guidance office.
She got the same speech as last time from the acting principal about how she needs to
improve her results. Word for word.
And Maruki was there, giving her a look filled with such gracious pity that she wanted to
claw off her skin.
She wonders if this acted as some affirmation for Maruki’s ideals, if he thought that if only
Sumire were Kasumi, then maybe she wouldn’t be in this situation.
Well, jokes on him, Sumire knows for sure that it doesn’t make a difference. She can’t seem
to get a good result whether she thinks she’s her twin or not.
Sumire doesn’t think she’s a naturally violent person, but right now she really wants to hit
something.
Actually, now that she thinks about it, today is the day she awakened her persona last time.
Not that the event really means anything substantial in this timeline.
Sumire jogs up the stairs to the roof to see if she can catch Haru before she heads home.
“Haru-senpai!” Sumire calls as she swings open the rooftop door, bright smile stapled to her
face with frustration alone.
Haru looks up from where she’s idly tending to the plants scattered around the roof, “Sumichan? Did you need something?”
“Are you busy this afternoon?” Sumire asks.
Haru tilts her head with a slight frown, “No?”
“Did you want to come explore Mementos today?” Sumire says, perhaps a bit too eager.
Haru taps her chin, thinking, “I think that sounds okay. Do you have all of Goro-kun’s
supplies on hand?”
Sumire nods, “I’ve been keeping them in my locker.” Not the best idea, probably, but most of
the items look innocent enough, and she sincerely doubts that anyone has reason to go
rummaging through her things anyway.
Haru stands up and dusts off her skirt, “Well, that’s as much preparation as we really need.”
She frowns, giving Sumire a piercing look, “But, are you alright, Sumi-chan?”
Sumire waves a hand, “I’m fine.” She will be, “I just… want to fight something, I think.”

Haru gives a small smile, “Well, I certainly understand the feeling.”
Sumire nods, relieved, and feeling somewhat validated. “Right.” She pauses, “We shouldn’t
have any chance of running into the thieves, either, if Ren-senpai has the same problem as
Goro.”
“They won’t go into the Metaverse without Ren-kun?” Haru asks.
Sumire shakes her head, “Well, he’s the leader, so I doubt it.” They certainly never acted
without him in January.
Haru nods firmly, “Well then, shall we?”
***
“Absolutely not.” Ren says when the thieves all posit their idea.
“C’mon, it’ll be fine!” Ann insists.
Ryuji nods eagerly in agreement, “Yeah man, we got this!”
At Ren’s side, Goro presses his lips together in annoyance, looking about as thrilled about
this as Ren is.
“It’s just Mementos.” Futaba points out. “If we aren’t making progress in the palace for
now,” Ren sends telepathic thanks for her skirting around the issue, “Then we might as well
do something.”
Ann and Ryuji were the ones to call the meeting, excitedly suggesting that Ren and Goro
‘take an effin’ break, man’ while the rest of the thieves head to Mementos to pick up the
slack on the requests they’ve been neglecting.
Morgana nods slowly, “This could work, honestly. We’ve got two navigators, and I guess
Makoto can act as leader in battle for now.”
Makoto jumps, looking alarmed, “Me?” She asks, incredulously. She furrows her brows, “I
guess I could… try?”
“You’ve got this, Mako!” Ann cheers enthusiastically, and Makoto blushes.
“I think I know all our abilities well enough that I should be okay…” Makoto mumbles,
looking a little more confident.
“Ordinarily, I would be somewhat concerned about leaving behind our two major sources of
firepower,” Yusuke starts, “But it’s just Mementos, no? Many of the shadows there are well
beneath our power level.”
Ren grimaces. They’re all, unfortunately, making good points.

“Are you… sure you’ll all be fine?” He says, eyeing everyone warily. In the corner of his
vision, Goro raises an eyebrow.
“For sure!” Ryuji says with a big grin.
“Don’t underestimate us, Joker.” Morgana says haughtily, matching Ryuji’s grin.
“Are you entirely confident that this is wise?” Goro speaks up for the first time.
Ren knows it isn’t. Ren knows that this is only happening because no one is talking. Ann and
Ryuji were the ones to posit the idea- he wouldn’t be surprised if the other thieves all
splintered off into little groups to discuss their last disaster of a palace infiltration, while Goro
dodges questions and Ren twiddles his thumbs- waiting for someone else to fire first.
That ‘someone’ seems to be none of them. Not today.
(But then when?)
Futaba waves a hand, “Psh. We’ll be fine. The only elements we don’t cover are bless, curse,
and psychokinesis, and those elements are lame anyways.”
Ren disagrees, personally, but he does have to concede that they have pretty good team
coverage.
He pushes out a sigh through grit teeth, “Fine.” The thieves’ faces light up, “Fine. Just be
careful. Use as many supplies as you need. Back out of any fights that you need to.”
“Don’t juggle chainsaws.” Futaba quips.
“Don’t juggle chainsaws,” Ren agrees, “Seriously, if things get bad; run, and then make use
of those Goho-m’s. We never use them otherwise.”
“Understood.” Makoto nods decisively.
Goro frowns, “When do you all plan on going?”
Ann twists a pigtail around her finger absently, “I dunno. We all good to go now?”
“Wh- Right now?” Goro asks incredulously, eyes widening.
“Sure, why not?” Ryuji shrugs.
“It seems prudent.” Yusuke agrees, “We have nothing better to be doing, after all, if the two
of you are indisposed.”
Ren frowns at the reminder, but nods anyway, “I- sure. We’ll… take a break.”
Ann whoops unnecessarily, and Ren feels like he’s lost control of this situation.
“Be careful.” Ren repeats.

“Of course, Joker.” Makoto nods firmly.
As the rest of the thieves rush out of the attic without so much as a ‘goodbye’, Ren and Goro
exchange a look.
Ren bites at his lip.
Well. What to do?

Chapter End Notes

October third [maniacal laughter]
...it's times like these I get sad I can't update twice a week... oh well!
I'd like to thank my family's sense of humour for the "juggling chainsaws" joke- a time
honoured tradition of advice. (what? it's good advice!)
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! huh... no rank ups, this time.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 9
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 9
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 9
___

Sumire: [viciously stabbing through shadows with frustrated screams]
Haru: [whispering] do you think we've corrupted her?
Akechi: [whispering] I'm only really surprised that it took so long

Chapter 43
Chapter Summary

revelations, and breaking walls.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

What to do?
Honestly, Akechi is surprised that the thieves decided to go off on their own. He thought they
would never dare do something without their precious leader, judging from what he’s seen of
their actions so far.
Ren doesn’t seem thrilled either.
More than anything, Akechi is surprised that the thieves didn’t sit them both down and
demand an explanation. Regardless of whether Ren has told them about the visions, what’s
happening to them clearly isn’t normal by any standard.
Perhaps that’s why they’ve left Ren and Akechi to kill time in the real world. Force them to
‘talk it out’, or something.
“I feel like I’ve been benched.” Ren mutters to himself in the silence of the attic.
“Doesn’t feel so good, hm?” Akechi snipes before he can reign himself in. “This could be
karma.”
Ren scowls, “Well. I had a reason for that.”
A shitty one. “And so does your team.” Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Ren’s scowl softens into an annoyed frown, “Touché.”
And that’s that.
Akechi sighs, “Are we just going to stand around your attic while we wait for them to come
back?”
Ren leans back to look up at him, a smirk spreading on his lips, “It’s not like I’m forcing you
to stay here. Did you want to spend time with me?”
Akechi gives a dazzling smile, “Oh? If I’m not needed then I suppose I will leave.”

Ren chokes on a laugh, “Wait! Wait,” He manages to snatch Akechi’s arm before he can
make it too far, “Fine, fine, I want to spend time with you.”
“Well, so long as you admit it.” Akechi says dryly.
“Is that a yes, then?” Ren asks.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Sure. Do you have anything in mind, or are we actually just going to
stand around the attic all day?”
Ren tilts his head, “We… could go to the jazz club?”
“Not open yet.” Akechi shoots the idea down, “Any other ideas?”
Ren pouts, “Alright.” He frowns, “Just going to a café isn’t very exciting.”
“Must all our outings always be the height of adventure?” Akechi deadpans.
Ren smirks, “Of course, how else am I supposed to keep you entertained?”
Akechi thinks that there are a lot of ways to read that statement, and frankly he doesn’t care
for any of them. He chooses not to comment.
Ren doesn’t seem to mind the silence, leaning back in his chair as he furrows his brow in
thought, “We could… make it a surprise?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “A what.”
Ren laughs slightly, “No, like, we could make it so that we don’t really know where we’re
going.”
“What, we just take a random set of trains to who knows where?” Akechi asks, eyes
narrowing further.
Ren grins, “Yeah, exactly like that. It could be fun.”
“Tell that to the train fare.” Akechi points out, “Surely you’ve explored most of the city at
this point. It won’t really be a surprise if you can tell where you’re going.”
“Then…” Ren hums, undeterred, “We could take turns? Like, I choose a train line and where
to get off, then you choose the next, and then we alternate for a bit. Then we figure out
something to do wherever we end up.”
That sounds idiotic. Akechi kind of wants to do it.
He makes a show of looking exasperated, “Fine. We’ll do your stupid game.” Ren lights up
triumphantly, “Who starts?”
Ren tilts his head, “Flip a coin?”
“Sure.” Akechi fishes a coin out of his wallet, “Call it in the air.”

He flicks it up, Ren says “Heads,” As the arc reaches its peak.
Akechi catches the coin on his palm, and flips it over, “Tails.”
“Damn.” Ren says, not actually looking that disappointed with the stupid grin still plastered
on his face. “I guess you start, then.”
“Fine.” Akechi stands up, brushing off the imaginary lint on his blazer, “Towards the station,
then.”
As they leave Leblanc, Akechi thinks again of the Phantom Thieves’ sudden decision to
explore Mementos while Ren and Akechi are out of commission.
If they think that this situation can be easily resolved, then they wouldn’t have acted as
though they needed to get used to the idea of exploring the Metaverse without their leader.
“Ren,” Akechi says suddenly, and the other jumps at being addressed, “Have you spoken
with your friends about our… predicament?”
Ren gives him a long, searching look, “No.” He says, “I haven’t really spoken with them at
all since we tried to infiltrate Okumura’s palace.”
Interesting. “Why?” Akechi asks, genuinely.
Ren frowns, “Well, I figured they’d want to talk to you as well. But you don’t seem willing to
talk.”
“No, I suppose I’m not.” Akechi agrees.
Ren huffs, “Are we just going to sidestep this until something happens that forces our hand?”
“What on earth are you talking about?” Akechi says brightly, just to be a shit.
Ren glares at him, and Akechi concedes that he deserves that.
“You could start talking about it, too.” Akechi points out after a beat.
From the way Ren bites his lip, Akechi is pretty sure the other boy already knows that quite
well.
Ren’s expression turns contemplative, and he shakes his head, “Let’s just get to the station.”
The ‘for now’ goes unsaid, but Akechi grits his teeth in waiting anyway.
***
Sumire misses Morgana.
As a teammate, sure, but she misses the fact he can turn into a car most of all.

Noir doesn’t seem thrilled by the long walk, either. Their furthest safe room marked by the
Nav isn’t actually all that far down, so it’s been a long walk past the gates that bracket
Mementos into sections.
“I wonder why we can make it past these?” Noir muses, as they make it to the bottom of yet
another path, “If they’re based on public cognition, I wouldn’t think either of us are so
famous that we could make any progress.”
Sumire hums, and wracks her brain for the little bit of knowledge she has about the
Metaverse, “Maybe it’s because you’re an Okumura?”
Noir nods, conceding the point, “I suppose that’s true. Maybe my family name is the more
well-known fact, as opposed to just my father.”
“Yeah,” Sumire says, then tilts her head when she remembers asking Goro about this months
ago, “Or maybe it’s because we consider ourselves as part of a group with Crow? And
we’re… riding off the fame of the incidents he causes as well as of the detective prince.”
“That could be it, too.” Noir says, tapping at the wall that just retracted to allow them entry,
“It would be convenient. Crow can make it quite far into Mementos, can’t he?”
“I think so.” Sumire agrees with a nod, “But I know that the Phantom Thieves could reach all
the way to the bottom by the time they got famous enough.”
“Huh…” Noir murmurs, a thoughtful expression on her face.
The conversation peters out, and they continue their trek down and down the veined and
pulsing walls of the subway tunnels, swiftly dodging shadows as they travel through the
underground in what Sumire thinks might be record time.
(It would still be faster if they had a car)
Finally, they reach an engraved wall that won’t open.
They try just about everything. Spells, weapons, guns- the works! They try casting confuse
on the wall so they can combo it with psychokinesis, they try solving the patterns on the wall
like a puzzle, they try about five shots of Noir’s grenade launcher, they try derailing one of
the trains nearby to crash into the door, and, predictably, none of it works.
“I thought Crow said brute force works.” Sumire says, muffled, as she thumps her forehead
against the unmoving wall.
At her side, Noir stares, disappointedly, at her grenade launcher, “Maybe it’s only in palaces,
where there’s only one mind to contend with?”
Sumire groans weakly, poking her sword half-heartedly at the door. Of course, it can’t be that
easy against the entire collective unconscious. They could be fighting the will of millions of
minds in order to get past this door, and that’s only if they assume that Mementos covers
Tokyo alone.

Sumire doesn’t know what to do.
The way things are shaping up, the only way to get deeper in Mementos is through carving
their way into the minds and hearts of everyone and everything that can string a coherent
thought together. Something that the Phantom Thieves only achieved after they took down
the actual Prime Minister of the country.
But, Sumire realises abruptly, that’s not all there is to it, is there?
The Phantom Thieves took down Shido, sure, but that was after a rollercoaster of ups and
downs from suspected murder, to presumed death in custody, to a miraculous comeback
where a phantom stole the heart of Japan’s to-be leader, all within the span of a few months.
And all that was off the back of the thieves’ steady increase in popularity since Medjed.
So, excessive dramatics. And dramatic irony, at that, since it seems that the conspiracy’s plan
to stage the rise and fall of the Phantom Thieves was the only thing that allowed for them to
gain the required momentum to come crashing into Mementos, killing a god on their way out.
Shit.
“Violet?” Noir asks, tentatively, when she sees whatever expression Sumire must be making,
“What’s wrong?”
“I-” Sumire starts, gritting her teeth, “I don’t think we can get around this door.”
Noir nods slowly, “That’s okay, though. The thieves might be able to find a way around.”
Sumire shakes her head, pressing her lips together, “They can’t. The only reason they did last
time is because they only dodged the conspiracy at the last second. They’re not going to get
famous enough this time, especially if Goro wants to take down Shido himself.”
Then, they’re not going to be able to get past this door, they’re not going to find whatever
god that resides beyond it- and Sumire doesn’t know what this being is capable of; will it
only act when provoked? Will it destroy the world before Maruki even gets a chance for
round two?
Sumire is starting to think that the thieves got by with divine intervention alone.
Maybe that’s uncharitable, but she honestly can’t think of a better explanation.
Noir’s face darkens as she sees what Sumire’s getting at, “So, we don’t have a choice…”
Sumire shakes her head, tucking her knees to her chest, “Goro won’t be happy.”
Noir ducks her head, humming softly.
Sumire coughs up an unhappy laugh, “I promised him I’d let him choose! Even if joining the
thieves would make our lives so much easier, I told him that it’s his life, and his revenge, and
he should get the choice.” She wipes at her eyes furiously- god, this is stupid, she doesn’t

even know why she’s crying, “But now he won’t.” she promised- the last time she promised
something to someone“I think he might have been leaning towards joining the thieves anyway.” Haru offers quietly.
“But it’s the choice that’s the problem,” Sumire says, shaking her head, remembering the
conversation she had with Goro before. She sighs, “He’s gonna hate this.”
Haru presses her lips into an unhappy line, “Honestly, I’m not happy about this either. It
feels…”
“Wrong?” Sumire finishes, and nods, “It feels like only the thieves can do this, which is just
so-”
Unfair. Frustrating. AndWhy even send her back in time if things have to go a certain way?
Sumire can tell the moment that Haru comes to the same conclusion, as her normally soft
eyes narrow sharply, her gaze flicking up and down Sumire, appraising.
Sumire shrugs, trying to convey that whatever questions Haru might have, Sumire is
somewhat lacking in answers.
Haru deflates, and she seems to get the point, “Maybe there’s another way.” She says, and
Sumire gets the feeling she’s just trying to make the both of them feel better.
It makes her feel a bit better anyway. “Yeah.” She mumbles, standing up and brushing off her
coat. She takes a breath, forcing some spring back into her step, “So! How many more
grenades do you have?”
***
The rest of the walk to the Yongen train station is done in relative silence, as Ren seems to be
contemplating something in his head, and Akechi makes no effort to push it.
Akechi wonders if he really should have just left, if this is how the rest of this afternoon is
going to be spent.
But, he already said he would stay. And he already flipped a coin for the game, so it would be
unbecoming to back out so early.
This game is stupid. Why the hell did he agree to this again?
“So,” Ren starts as they enter the station, “Where are we headed first, detective?”
Akechi rolls his eyes at the nickname, “I’ll go easy on you for the first round. Shibuya should
give you a nice starting point to launch from, no?”

Ren laughs, “We’re going to end up somewhere really weird or really boring if you give me
too many options.”
A train pulls into the station, and Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Only if you make an effort to
make this end poorly. How many turns are we doing, by the way?”
Ren looks contemplative as they both step onto the train, “Three? Per person? It’s a
convenient number.”
Akechi shrugs, “Alright. I suppose that means the final destination will be up to you, then.”
Ren grins, and plonks down on one of the empty seats while Akechi is left to stand, “Sure,
but you get to limit my options since we can only pick one train line per round.”
“No limit on the number of stops we can pass?” Akechi clarifies.
Ren nods, then raises his eyebrows, “What, are you planning on taking the train out of
Tokyo?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “If I feel like wasting a turn, sure, since you’d also have to waste yours
getting us back to where we started.”
“Who knows?” Ren asks, leaning back, “Maybe I feel like visiting the countryside.”
“If your friends return and find us halfway across the country, I’m leaving the explanations to
you.” Akechi says flatly.
Ren laughs, and the conversation peters out.
Akechi is still unable to shake the surprise that the thieves decided to go to Mementos on
their own. It didn’t seem planned, either- Sakamoto and Ann were the ones to push the idea,
and everyone else seemed as shocked as him and Ren.
Akechi wonders when Sumire and Haru will do the same.
He pauses.
…He really should have tried to contact them the second he heard the thieves’ plans. Neither
Haru nor Sumire have navigational abilities, nor can they mask their presence. They wouldn’t
be able to avoid the thieves if they had a run in.
Akechi slips out his phone, keeping it close to his chest and angling it away from Ren.
Akechi: A warning that you should avoid Mementos for today.
He waits for any response to confirm that his warning has been received, and frowns slightly
when nothing comes up.
Actually, it looks like the message hasn’t even been sent.

Akechi presses his lips together, and hopes that his service has just dropped out from the
subway tunnels.
When he and Ren get off the train, he quickly excuses himself.
“I need to make a call, I’ll just be a moment,” He says with a bright smile, briskly walking to
find anywhere slightly secluded.
“Uh- sure?” Ren calls out, looking confused, “I’ll just- be here.”
Akechi slides into a corner of Shibuya station that he often uses to quietly take Shido’s calls
when the man decides his time is worth more than Akechi’s, and quickly dials Sumire.
One ring.
Another.
The number you have dialled is currently unavailableOkay.
He calls Haru, and isn’t entirely surprised when he gets much of the same robotic voice
tittering vague excuses from the receiver.
A cold pit of dread sinks in his stomach.
If this is what he thinks it is, and not just his phone service being difficult, then Haru and
Sumire are likely in Mementos. He isn’t worried about their safety, necessarily -he trusts in
their strength- but unless they have plans to get their hands dirty, strength won’t help them if
they stumble into the path of the thieves.
And, given that the thieves have two navigators on their side, and a car, the chances of being
caught are concerningly high.
Shit.
It’s not like he can go into Mementos and warn them- for one, Ren is still standing
awkwardly in the middle of the station and would probably notice if Akechi left for upwards
of an hour to duck into the Metaverse, and two, Akechi can’t seem to spend more than a
second in a cognitive space without being incapacitated.
So then.
Perhaps it’s time to prepare for the worst-case scenario. Robin chimes in gravely.
Akechi likes to assume that all his plans will go as such. That being, as planned- but he has
to admit that he doesn’t really have a plan to begin with in this particular situation, and even
if he did, it has thoroughly gone off the rails.
It might be time to test how much these bonds will give before they snap under the strain.

Akechi pastes on a smile he’s sure Ren will see straight through, and walks back over to
where the other boy is standing.
“My apologies,” He says smoothly, “I didn’t mean to make you wait.”
Ren gives him a look, “Uh, no, it’s fine.” He frowns and reaches up to tug at his fringe,
“Did… something happen?”
“Not at all.” Akechi lies, “Shall we continue?”
“Sure.” Ren says, face scrunched as though the lie he just swallowed was particularly bitter,
“My turn, right? How about…” He tilts his head, “Let's head towards Shinjuku.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Are you in the mood for nightlife activities?”
Ren frowns, “I didn’t say we’d be going to Shinjuku exactly- and besides, you still have two
more turns to redirect us.”
“True.” Akechi concedes, “Well then. Lead the way.”
As they take another train, Akechi sinks back into his thoughts.
If Haru and Sumire get caught, there’s not a lot of excuses they can make that are any better
or more believable than the actual truth. It would be faster, let alone the easiest way to gain
trust, if they just tell the truth the second their hand is forced.
It would also be quicker, if Akechi breaks the idiotic dance of ‘I know that you know’ that he
and Ren are currently entangled in.
But, he has no guarantee that Haru and Sumire will be found out. Right now, he’s in absolute
control of how much he needs to give away.
But, he can’t see what’s in Ren’s hand.
He needs Ren to crack first. Then, he need only match his play.
“Are you truly alright with your friends doing this on their own?” Akechi starts as the two of
them are jostled around in the subway car, keeping his wording vague for the myriad
potential eavesdroppers boxing them in on every side.
Ren grimaces, and shrugs, “I’m not… happy.” He admits, “I’m worried. But it’s something to
do while we’re…” He waves his hand in an arc, “Out of commission.”
“Hm.”
Ren shrugs again, “We have been sitting on some of those requests for a while. It’s good to
get them done now.”
“We could have gotten them done without the added risk if we had a solution lined up.”
Akechi points out airily.

Ren shoots him a look, “Well do you have any ideas?”
“I believe the two of us could come up with something if we put our heads together.” Akechi
says brightly.
Ren doesn’t have a response for the rest of the train ride. They get off, and Akechi chooses
another line.
On the next train, Ren taps his foot idly against the floor.
“It’s not that I don’t want to fix this.” Ren says slowly, “I’m just worried what will happen if
everything’s out in the open.”
That’s more of an admission than Akechi was expecting. “It will come out eventually. Isn’t it
better to get it out now, while we still have control over the situation?”
Akechi ignores how this argument can (and has, thinking back to Haru and Sumire’s pushing
to just come clean with the thieves) be very easily turned back around on him.
Ren raises an eyebrow, “Can’t the same be said for you?”
Damn.
“We’ll be stuck in a stalemate, at this rate.” Akechi points out dryly.
“I think we already were.” Ren mutters.
They get off the train, and Ren picks another line with all the precision of someone idly
throwing darts at a board.
“Well, If we’re in a stalemate, then you could at least have the decency to end this farce
first.” Akechi says, folding his arms in a huff as people crowd in their space.
Ren shuffles a little closer to avoid the elbows of the other passengers, “Okay, but why do I
have to go first?”
“Well, you’re supposed to be a gentleman, aren’t you?” Akechi says pleasantly.
Ren hides a snicker behind his hand, and smirks, “I’m pretty sure being a gentleman means
I’m supposed to let the other person go first, right?”
“Well, as the other person in this situation, I’m asking you to go first in my stead.” Akechi
tilts his head innocently, “Surely it’s some breach of etiquette to ignore my request?”
Ren’s smirk gets even wider, “Well I’m pretty sure that actually-”
The circular conversation continues even as they get off that train, and Akechi chooses the
next.

“This is getting ridiculous.” Akechi hisses quietly, as the next train they board is even more
packed than the last.
Ren scowls, “We could have ended ‘this’ ages ago.”
“Yes, we could have.” Akechi gestures violently with the minimal amount of space he has,
“So why haven’t you?”
“Why haven’t you?”
“Perhaps I’m simply curious as to what you’re hiding.” Akechi says flatly, “There’s no
guarantee you’ll come clean even if I talk first- maybe I’m looking for insurance.”
“Well maybe I feel the same!” Ren makes an aborted move that almost hits about three other
people, “And of course I’d tell you everything after you told me what you know!”
“Would you?” Akechi asks lowly.
Akechi raises an eyebrow when Ren’s expression crumples with guilt. He had only said that
to be difficult- he hadn’t actually expected Ren to have dishonest intentions.
“Well then.” Akechi drawls, “Perhaps I was right to be cautious.”
Ren ducks his head, and the rest of the train ride is spent in silence.
Akechi only realises it’s the final round of choosing their destination after Ren chooses a
line- clearly not actually paying attention to what stops are along it.
That ride is spent in silence too. Ren spends the majority of it worrying his lips together, as
Akechi watches him closely, hoping for a read on his expression.
They get off at Odaiba.
“Well. We’re here.” Akechi gestures vaguely as they leave the station, “Do you know
anything to do around here?”
Ren jumps, snapping out of his musings, “Oh. Uh.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Were you even paying attention to where we were going?”
“Nope.” Ren admits easily, popping the ‘p’, “I was kinda distracted.”
“I suppose I can’t fault you.” Akechi says with a shrug, “Do you know anything to do around
here, though?”
Ren frowns, tilting his head, “Uh, there’s the seaside park? There’s the lot where the summer
festival was, and… the stadium?”
“The half-built stadium.” Akechi clarifies, dry as the desert.

“That’s the one.” Ren says, grinning sheepishly. He pauses, “It doesn’t really matter where
we go, though.”
“Oh?” Akechi tilts his head.
“Yeah.” Ren tugs at his fringe, and looks back up, “We…” He sighs, a scowl pulling at his
lips, “We should talk about what’s been happening. Properly.”
“You’ll go first?” Akechi asks, folding his arms.
Ren looks to be struggling against an eye roll, “Sure. Fine. I’ll start.”
I win, Akechi thinks, as a grin splits his face.
***
“Nice!” Ryuji cheers as the shadow for the last request on their list dissolves into light,
leaving behind a small, glowing bud that Morgana quickly swipes and stashes in his pouch.
“Good work, team!” Morgana says with a cocky grin, spinning around to face everyone.
Futaba doesn’t bother dropping down from Necronomicon as everyone else gives themselves
a pat on the back. Instead, she types rapidly away at her console, trying to fill in the threedimensional map she’s constructing with her persona’s help.
It’s… kind of pointless, what with Mementos changing every visit. But at least she can write
down where all the safe floors are, since the distance between those never changes.
She leans back in the empty space of her persona, and thinks that they’ve done a pretty damn
good job.
Back down on the ground, Futaba sees Makoto huff lightly, face contorted in a poor attempt
to hide her relieved pride at her temporary stint as leader.
“Alright, then,” Makoto calls out to the group, voice just shy of commanding the ‘Joker’
gravitas, “Shall we head back?”
“Do we have to?” Ann asks, “I mean, that barely took any time at all!”
“I’ve still got some steam!” Ryuji chimes in, tapping his metal pipe against his palm.
“Did you guys wanna see how much further down we can go?” Futaba asks, finally allowing
Necronomicon to lower her to the ground, “I dunno exactly how much further we can go, but
we should at least make it to the next door we can’t pass, right?”
“Or simply the next rest area,” Yusuke suggests, suddenly one for moderation. Boo.
Makoto tilts her head, considering, “I suppose we can see how far our remaining stamina
takes us.” She smiles, “It’ll make our next Mementos trip easier if we make extra headway
now.”

“Right.” Morgana bounces, and jumps into the air, transforming into a car with a bang at the
peak of the arc. His voice crackles through the radio inside the car, “Let’s get going, then!”
The thieves all pile into the car, and Futaba finds herself kind of relieved that Ren and Akechi
aren’t here- the Monabus was already getting cramped with her addition, so throwing Crow
into the mix would have really started to test the limits of space.
She bets he would have commandeered shotgun like a jerk, too. She bets Ren wouldn’t stop
him, either.
But, for now, Futaba commits the sacred act of hypocrisy, and hops cheerfully into shotgun,
as Makoto climbs into the driver’s seat.
She hits the gas, and they rush out of the pocket of distortion, which swirls and vanishes
behind them as soon as they make their exit.
“We’ve made some pretty good progress into this path,” Futaba starts explaining to the rest of
the car, “I can guess that we have at least three more floors?”
“Do you think we’ll be able to push through into the next area too?” Makoto asks, keeping
her eyes on the road, already proving herself a more responsible driver than Ren.
Futaba shrugs, “I dunno. Mona?”
Morgana’s voice crackles through the radio, “Well, we got access to this area after we dealt
with Kaneshiro- so I think that Medjed’s defeat should give us the next area?”
“You don’t sound so sure.” Ryuji grumbles, leaning forward from the back seat.
“Well, it’s less work for us if it doesn’t,” Ann points out, “We’ll have to explore a whole new
area if that thing opens!”
Actually, that does sound annoying. Futaba scowls, and sinks into her chair.
“We’d just have to do it next time if we don’t do it now.” Makoto reiterates, and sighs, “So…
settle in?”
Oh boy.
***
The remainder of Noir’s grenades make no dent in the wall.
Not unexpected, but still infuriating.
Sumire slumps against the door, finally accepting defeat.
“Damnit.” She sighs weakly.

“Do you think that we can take these trains deeper in…?” Noir asks, looking at the tracks on
either side of the platform.
Sumire eyes the train that hurtles past them without stopping dubiously, “I doubt it.”
Noir worries her lips together, “…Maybe the god won’t be a problem?”
Sumire turns and gives her a flat look.
Noir laughs breathily, without humour, “No, I don’t think so either.” She delicately crosses
her legs, sitting on the ground, “I believe we’ve exhausted our options.”
“Maybe Crow can do something?” Sumire wiggles her fingers, “Wildcard magic?”
Noir giggles at that, “We’ll have to let him take a crack at the door. Loki’s sword seems very
fearsome!”
“Milady’s guns are pretty amazing, too.” Sumire says, grinning.
Noir’s laugh gets a little brighter, and then fades, as both their vision catches on the unopened
door again.
Noir shifts, “I’m curious,” She starts, quietly, “Just how difficult was Maruki’s palace?”
Sumire blinks, “Huh?”
“Well, it’s just that the thieves were able to defeat whatever god is at the bottom of
Mementos, right?” Noir says, her brows furrowing in contemplation, “But they -we?couldn’t even clear Maruki’s palace in time.”
Sumire presses her lips together, “Um,”
“And they would have had to traverse all of Mementos for this god as well,” Noir continues,
“I suppose they had a much more lenient deadline with Mementos exploration, but-” She
frowns, “I’m concerned about our chances against Maruki, let alone whatever it is that’s
waiting in the depths of this place.”
Sumire wonders if the lie is worth it.
She had chosen to hide what truly happened almost on a whim- for multiple reasons, really;
the first being that she has no explanation for why Ren took the deal, so she’d just be
condemning someone to stew in confusion at her side, and it’s a bit difficult to interrogate
someone when they have no memory of the thing you’re trying to interrogate them about.
A lie. That wasn’t the full reason.
The reason, was that she would have been condemning Goro to stew in confusion and
frustration and anger with no way to find answers, and Sumire remembers how close he and
Ren were in January.

It isn’t her place, something in her had whispered with conviction, she can’tShe had barely even noticed it, back then. Well, that isn’t quite true- but she thinks she
couldn’t really comprehend it until she started seeing the relationship unfurl for a second
time.
And that’s really it- because Ren and Goro had barely met when she spilled that she’s a time
traveller, and she knows that she would have ruined whatever it is they have by unveiling
Ren’s betrayal, and she couldn’t- that isn’t fair, she can’t ruin that, it would be just her luck to
destroy them(A more selfish part of her whispers in her ear.
Didn’t she do it for herself? She was afraid. Of Ren, of being alone, of- would Goro have
even helped her, if he had been consumed by the knowledge of a betrayal from someone he
barely knew?
She doesn’t know. Had she even thought of that, originally? Paralysed by her own cowardice,
she justFear eats holes into her stomach.)
But,
Shouldn’t Haru get to know?
Two can keep a secret, right?
“Honestly?” Sumire says into the pause that follows Noir’s questions, “Maruki’s palace
wasn’t… that bad.”
Noir’s face scrunches in confusion, “…Then was the deadline just too close?”
Sumire shakes her head, and takes a breath. “No. We- we cleared Maruki’s palace with room
to spare.”
Noir blinks. “But.” She opens and closes her mouth, “But I thought you said that you ran out
of time?”
Sumire laughs guiltily, “No. I- I lied. About that.”
Haru narrows her eyes, face deceptively impassive, “Then why is it that we failed to stop
Maruki?”
Sumire presses her lips together, “Because on the day we were supposed to fight him, Rensenpai called a meeting and said that he was accepting Maruki’s reality.”
There’s a pause, as Haru’s expression doesn’t change. Then, her eyes flutter rapidly as she
blinks, her brows furrowing and some strange blend of horror and confusion dawning on her
face.

“What?” She eventually gasps, “Why?”
Sumire clenches her hands together, “I don’t know. It doesn’t make any sense!”
“I-” Haru stutters as she shakes her head, “…Maybe he decided that he just… prefers a
reality without hardship?”
Sumire shakes her head furiously, “Even if that was something he would think,” Which it
isn’t, she’s sure, “He was the one who snapped all of us out of our fake realities. Except for
Goro.” She tacks on.
Haru wrings her hands, “I’m so confused.” She confesses weakly, “I- Why would Ren-kun
want to take that deal?”
Sumire swallows, “I don’t know. I’ve been trying to figure it out since April.”
Haru frowns, eyes still wide, “…What kind of things was Maruki offering?”
Sumire bites at her lip, “Well, the big thing is that he brought the dead back to life.”
Haru’s mouth parts in a little ‘o’, “That’s…”
“Basically, everyone got their wishes granted. Your father was alive again,” Sumire says, and
Haru presses her lips together, “Same with Makoto-senpai, and Futaba-senpai’s mother. For
Ann-senpai, all the Kamoshida stuff never happened. Ryuji-senpai got something about the
track team. I’m pretty sure Kitagawa-senpai’s was something about Madarame.”
Haru bites at her lip, “What about Ren-kun and Goro-kun? What were they giving up by
denying that reality?”
“But that’s the thing,” Sumire says, body tensing even further, “Ren-senpai and Goro didn’t
have wishes.”
“Wildcard magic?” Haru offers weakly.
Sumire throws up her hands, “I don’t know. But everyone knew that those two just… didn’t
have a wish. They knew something was wrong with the world from the start, while the rest of
us didn’t really register that anything was different.”
Even Sumire, she didn’t quite notice that something was really wrong until she saw the
palace in Odaiba. Before that, well, the little whisper of something isn’t right was much the
same as she had been experiencing for nearly a whole year at that point.
“But,” Sumire continues, “I’ve been trying to figure it out, so I can stop it this time. The best
I can come up with,” And the only possibility with a way to solve it, “Is that Ren-senpai did
have a wish, and he just didn’t tell anyone, or he didn’t notice until the last second.”
“That… would make sense.” Haru nods slowly, then purses her lips, “But what could it be?”
Sumire shrugs, defeated.

She had been hoping to get closer with Ren, similarly to how she had last time, but
something, somewhere, has gone awry, and now Ren seems to really not like her. It’s a bit
difficult to determine what someone’s greatest wish could be when you can barely hold a
conversation with them.
He had to have had a wish, she’s sure of it- otherwise he could have just taken Maruki’s deal
at the start of the month, and he wouldn’t have bothered being so determined that Sumire find
the strength to face herself.
So what could it be?
It’s not like Ren had any dead family or friends that Maruki could have preyed on. And it
didn’t seem like he really… regretted any of the year prior, even through all the things that
had happened- even through the way all his friends had suffered in different ways.
And, following that, if Ren had a crisis of conscience about ‘stealing away his friends’
happiness’, or something- everyone made it pretty clear that they didn’t want Maruki’s
reality; surely that would be enough to nip any of those feelings in the bud.
Sumire shifts as she furrows her brow, sinking further into her thoughts.
She wonders, not for the first time, what Goro had to say about Ren taking the deal.
He had to have known, since he didn’t show up to the meeting on the third. It’s so… odd, to
Sumire- Ren and Goro always seemed to be on the same wavelength; they were both equally
disturbed by Maruki’s actions, though Goro was a little more vocal about it, and Ren seemed
more willing to grant the benefit of the doubt.
She can’t imagine Ren taking the deal if Goro was there to slap some sense into him. She
knows he wouldn’t have allowed it.
Her thoughts hit a loop, and she’s back at square one.
Sumire slumps.
She remembers, vaguely, through the hiss of her thoughts, how Ren had broken down during
the meeting on the third. It was almost as though he didn’t care at all what everyone else
wanted- redirecting the conviction that had been so often used for the sake of the world into
whatever selfish pursuit he deemed more important.
The only other time she knows that Ren went against the thieves about something is in this
timeline, in the only proper conversation the two of them have had thus far, when he
confessed to standing his ground against the thieves’ doubts about Goro.
Sumire half smiles to herself. Ren really does care about Goro, huh? She’d almost think thatShe freezes, as the half-formed idea lances ice against her spine.
That- that can’t-

But, no, no, that can’t be right. Goro was very much alive and well for all of January- and no
one questioned it. It made sense, to Sumire, to Ren, to everyone, that Crow was there and
fighting by their side; if he had died, surely someone would have noticed the ghost among
their ranks, would have realisedBut truth and phantoms mean nothing in a reality designed to keep the world in ignorant
peace- Sumire has been burned by her assumptions before, and she knows that even seeing
something with her own eyes means nothing.
But- Goro couldn’t have been dead, could he? It doesn’t make sense. And Ren and Goro were
never affected by the reality, either; if Goro wasn’t real, then why would Maruki let him
opposeAnother counterpoint. Ren and Goro are both wildcards- and that seems to mean nothing and
everything all at once. She can’t dictate what knowledge their power can and can’t impart.
But it can’t be true.
Can it?
The little flare of hope, the knowledge that Goro made it out of the conspiracy’s grasp in the
last timeline flickers, as Sumire feels her hands shake.
It’s the only thing she can think of. The only stipulation, the only ultimatum Maruki could
have presented that would have worked, that Goro wouldn’t have been able to counter, the
only thing that Ren could have placed in the scales and decided it was worth more than the
world.
Shit.
“Violet…?” Haru’s voice cuts through, tentative.
Sumire tries to laugh to diffuse the whirlpool of panic and dread swirling in her mind, and
only succeeds in a small, wet, cough. “I- I think,” She swallows, “I think I figured it out.”
Haru’s eyes widen, flashing in curiosity and concern.
“I think Goro might have been one of the people Maruki brought back.” Sumire says in a
half-mumble, trying to push the words around the lump in her throat.
Haru’s face falls, “Oh.”
Sumire tries to laugh again, and clicks her jaw shut when it sounds more like a sob.
Fate, she thinks, is a cruel joke.
Now, now, there’s no safety net. There’s no assumption that Shido isn’t as big of a threat as
he could have been, now there’s the knowledge that this can’t be, never was, as simple as
moving some threads and spinning some plates with all the grace of a performer- Now, there’s
the ever-looming spectre of death hanging by a spider’s thread, a sword of Damocles

dangling like a decorative set piece above someone she had fooled herself into believing
would be easy to save.
Has she made things worse? Better? Has she stumbled into the solution purely by her biases
and luck? Has she sealed Goro’s death warrant herself? She doesn’t know, because she knows
what went wrong and yet has no knowledge on how to solve it.
There has to be a way.
SheWhat the hell is she going to do?

Chapter End Notes

and thus continues the saga of whatever this trainwreck is
Finally! Sumire realises that she's probably in this mess because of a dumbass gay boy!
She's... mostly distracted by the fact that her friend is in far more apparent peril than she
once thought. Them's the breaks!
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! STILL no rank ups...
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 9
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 9
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 9
___
Ren: you hang up
Akechi: no YOU hang up
Ren: no YOUAkechi: Fucking- we're never going to talk about shit, are we?

Chapter 44
Chapter Summary

Betrayal, discovery, and shattered glass

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The road down the tunnels of Mementos is a bumpy one. Mostly made as such by the shadow
corpses that litter the trail.
Shadows being turned into roadkill isn’t exactly a new phenomenon, Futaba is aware; Ren
likes to make a game out of seeing if shadows can outrun a car (they can’t). But, the thing is,
Makoto hasn’t been doing the same thing. In fact, their temporary leader has been actively
avoiding any and all fights to preserve energy.
So, what the hell is up with all these shadow corpses?
“Uh, guys?” Futaba starts, “Did one of you wander off at some point and set off a bomb or
something?”
Yusuke looks up from his sketchbook and tilts his head as though he’s genuinely trying to
recall if he actually did such a thing.
“Uh, is that a serious question?” Ryuji mutters.
“Obviously not.” Futaba waves a hand, “But, follow up question, why are all the shadows on
these floors dead?”
“Yeah, that is kinda weird…” Ann mumbles, looking out the window nervously.
Makoto presses her lips together, “Mona, is there anything that could have caused this?”
“Yeah, like a gas leak or somethin’?” Ryuji chimes in.
Futaba can almost hear Morgana’s eye roll, “No, Skull, there aren’t any gas leaks in
Mementos.”
“You sure?” Futaba asks, just to be a shit.
Morgana sighs wearily, “Pretty sure.” He pauses. “I think. But anyway, I don’t know why this
has happened.”
Makoto frowns, “Well… everyone stay on your guard.”

Futaba leans back in her seat, idly swinging her legs back and forth. In the back, chatter
erupts back at a normal pace. Futaba cranes her head around to try and catch a glimpse of
whatever the hell Yusuke is drawing.
She nearly cracks her neck when Necronomicon frantically pings her with information.
Futaba scrambles to bring up her console, the conversation in the back dying down at her
panic. She taps rapidly to bring up the bare-bones map for Mementos, and stiffens at the
signal that Necronomicon manages to get a hold of.
"Um.” Futaba squeaks, “Guys?”
“I can feel it too.” Morgana says lowly.
“Feel what?” Yusuke narrows his eyes.
“So,” Futaba starts, “There’s, uh, two signals I’m getting.”
Makoto slams on the breaks, to the shrieks and disgruntled protests of the people in the back
seat, “What?” She says, eyes wide with alarm.
“Yup.” Futaba laughs nervously, “Two… humans, I guess.”
“Is it Crow and Joker?” Ann asks, which is very optimistic of her.
“How on earth would they have been able to make it down this far without collapsing?”
Morgana nips that optimism in the bud.
“So, then,” Ryuji starts, “Is it… the black mask?”
There’s a nervous pause.
“But.” Makoto protests weakly, “There’s two signals.”
“Did we ever get confirmation that there is only one black mask?” Yusuke points out.
“Yes,” Makoto insists, “Kaneshiro definitely implied someone in the singular.”
“Same with Madarame.” Ann says, tugging at one of her pigtails.
“I mean, they could have been lying, right? Or they just didn’t know.” Futaba babbles, “Or
only one of them is the black mask. Or neither of them is the black mask and we’re dealing
with a whole lot of extra people that know about the cognitive world.”
Futaba tries not to think about the test subjects that her mom supposedly worked with.
“Can you tell if they’re persona users?” Makoto asks.
“I think they’d be dead if they weren’t.” Morgana answers, “This area might not be so bad for
us, but they’d have to contend with the shadows and fending off the distortions.”

“Plus, it’s probably those guys that made all this mess.” Ryuji gestures to the piles of black
ooze that litters the subway tracks.
“True…” Makoto concedes.
“Should we… turn back?” Futaba posits.
There’s another pause.
“I suppose it depends on if we believe we can take these individuals in a fight, should it come
to that.” Yusuke reasons.
“We’re still all pretty good on health and energy.” Futaba says, quickly checking everyone’s
vitals.
“But isn’t the black mask supposed to be super strong?” Ann hisses worriedly, “And even if it
isn’t the black mask- there’s two guys and they killed all these shadows.”
“So they might be getting’ tired, right?” Ryuji argues, “They might not wanna fight us if
we’re lookin’ real healthy.”
Makoto taps her fingers against the steering wheel as she readjusts her grip, “Panther. How
many Goho-m’s do we have?”
Ann seems to catch onto the plan, “Enough.”
“Alright.” Makoto clears her throat, “Let’s… check it out.”
There’s a round of nods.
After a pause, Morgana’s voice quietly crackles through the radio, “What’re we gonna do if
one of them is the black mask?”
Futaba shrugs. She has no idea.
***
Ren spends a while wondering why it’s so cold before he organises his thoughts.
He and Goro are walking somewhat aimlessly through Odaiba, and Goro is starting to look a
little impatient.
If he’s so impatient, he could just start talking, Ren thinks with a pang of annoyance. Though,
he wonders if whatever Goro is attempting to hide is of equal or more pressing concern than
‘My dreams have foretold the deaths of two people’.
He wonders if Goro’s dreams have done the same. He doesn’t know if that will make
explaining all this better or worse.
Ren takes a deep breath, and lets it out in a huff. “So.”

“So.” Goro raises an eyebrow.
Fuck it. “You’ve been getting weird visions too, right?” Ren blurts out.
Goro pauses, takes a moment to roll his shoulders, “Yes. I have.”
“What about?” Ren asks.
Goro shoots him a look, “Aren’t you supposed to be starting?”
“I- yes. Fine.” Ren slaps his hands over his face. “How long have you been getting them?
Weird dreams, as well. They started happening for me around April.”
The timing coincides with when he awakened to Arsène. Ren figures that correlation and
causation do equate, in this case.
Goro tilts his head, “Mine started occurring at around the same time, I believe.”
Oh.
That’s…
“You’ve been getting them since before you got your persona?” Ren asks, incredulous.
“Yes,” Goro replies smoothly.
…Maybe correlation doesn’t equal causation, then.
“So,” Goro continues, “What have yours been about?”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, “Just… snippets of things. Most of the time I can’t tell what’s
going on.”
“That checks out.” Goro says with a shrug.
“Right.” Ren mumbles. He sighs, “Sometimes they’re kind of vivid though.”
Goro pauses on a step, then quickly smooths out his pace, “What have you seen?”
“Well…” Ren laughs uncomfortably, and swallows.
He’s been dodgy about this. He can’t seem to decide what he should and shouldn’t say.
There’s no good way to lead into ‘hey, I’m afraid that you’re going to die’, and Ren doubts
that he should even try.
Would it help or harm? Would Goro having this knowledge be the key to saving him? Or,
would it lead them both down a path akin to a common tragedy, wrought with irony and
desperate intent? Ah, the Fool, if only he had not spoken what was prophesised, if only, if
only.

But, Ren’s tried the ‘keeping things to himself’ thing for the past few weeks, and it never
seems to get him anywhere.
So, he takes a deep breath, and takes a gamble.
“One of my dreams seemed pretty confident that you’re going to die, at some point.” Ren
says, slowly.
That gets Goro to stop walking. Ren nearly stumbles with the abruptness of it. “Really?” He
asks, not at all the tone of someone who just got told they might die.
Ren tugs harshly at his fringe. “Yeah.”
Several emotions flit across Goro’s face so quickly that Ren isn’t quite able to catch all of
them. He seems to almost settle on calculation, before his eyes suddenly narrow in
annoyance, “Is that why you were so… overprotective in the Metaverse? And why none of
your friends questioned it?”
Ren presses his lips together in a sheepish smile, “I guess…?”
“You guess.” Goro repeats derisively.
“Yep.” Ren says, tugging harshly at his fringe, “Uh, Okumura, too. That’s why we called that
meeting.”
Goro sighs, “I had wondered if it was something of that nature.”
Ren’s eyes widen, “Did you see him die too?”
Goro waves a hand, “Something like that. I was concerned.” He tilts his head, “I take that
your vision of my death is what dissuaded you from telling me about all of this?”
Ren shrugs, a bit thrown off by the other’s casual tone, “Yeah. I told the rest of the thieves a
little after you joined. Me not telling them stuff is part of what we argued about, back then.”
“I see.” Goro hums.
Ren bites at his lip, “Are you not…” He waves his hands, frustrated, “Worried? About this?
About yourself? I am.” He confesses, weakly.
Goro makes a sound that sounds like an abruptly cut off scoff, “Clearly. But, no, I’m not that
concerned. Or…” He tilts his head, “I don’t place a lot of stock in prophecy.”
“Right.” Ren snorts. He rubs his hands together for want of something to do, “But, um,
there’s something else, too.”
Goro raises an eyebrow, “Perhaps you and Oracle should swap codenames.”
That startles a laugh out of Ren. “Maybe.” He says, smiling. He frowns, “Do you remember
how we told you about the black mask?”

Goro narrows his eyes, “I do.”
“Well- it’s not like I’ve got anything definitive. It’s kind of just a bunch of, uh, circumstantial
stuff?” Ren pre-emptively backtracks, “But,” He takes a deep breath, “I think Yoshizawa
might be the black mask.”
There’s a pause, as Goro gives him a flat stare.
Then, he bursts out laughing.
Ren blinks.
“Oh,” Goro manages to get out between snorts and guffaws, “Oh- you’re- you’re not
kidding.” He clamps a hand over his mouth to muffle his laughs, barely managing to conceal
his incredulous grin.
“It’s not that funny.” Ren mutters.
“No,” Goro says, reassuring, still snickering, “It is. That’s-” He looks like he’s about to choke
on giggles, “You think Sumire has it in her, to-” He gestures vaguely, “You actually think that
Sumire has the guts to kill someone.”
“She’s really suspicious!” Ren insists, “I’m positive that she knows we’re the thieves. I think
she knows I’m the leader, too.”
Goro’s shoulders are still shaking with laughter as he tries to school his expression,
“Honestly, Ren, I’d be surprised if she didn’t know. You and your friends are painfully
obvious.”
“I- well-” Ren finds it difficult to refute that. “There’s a lot of stuff about her that lines up in
my visions and dreams, and,” He huffs, “She’s close with you and Haru, and both of you
have important ties to the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns.”
“So you think that, what,” Goro’s face twitches like he’s still trying not to laugh, “Sumire is
getting closer to me for ease of access when she inevitably murders me?”
“Can you take this seriously for a second?” Ren snaps.
Goro raises an eyebrow at him, like Ren just asked for a kidney.
“Really.” Ren pushes, rolling his eyes at the other’s incredulity, “I mean, have you had any
visions that prove you aren’t in danger?”
“Surely you’re aware your logic is flawed.” Goro says, scoffing.
“Am I not allowed to be worried?” Ren hisses, “I-” He swallows, “I don’t want you to die,
and it’s like you don’t even care.”
Goro pauses, giving Ren a searching look. “I’m not… thrilled that whatever is causing this
seems convinced that I’m doomed to die an early death. But, I also think that you need more

information before you start jumping to conclusions.”
“Right. Sure. Fine.” Ren tugs on his fringe a little harder.
Goro sighs, and pauses as he looks at where they’ve ended up, “Well. Look at that. We’ve
gone to see your stadium after all.”
Ren looks up, taking in the construction site, “It’s not like it’s my stadium. I don’t have the
money to own property.” He jokes, offering a small smile.
Goro’s lips twitch upwards slightly.
Ren runs a hand roughly through his hair, “But, anyway, yeah. That’s kind of all I know, of
the future, I guess.”
Goro huffs a laugh, “It certainly does seem like we’re predicting the future, aren’t we?”
Ren grins sheepishly, “Definitely.” He tilts his head, “What… kind of things have you been
seeing? It sounds like we’re getting different information.”
Goro presses his lips together, “Have you…?” He pauses, uncharacteristically hesitant, “Have
you gotten any visions or dreams about Takuto Maruki?”
Ren pauses, opening and closing his mouth.
He has, and he completely forgot in his panic about Goro’s possible death.
“I… yeah.” Ren says slowly, “I think… we were supposed to send him a calling card? And
there was something about a deal, too.”
Goro’s eyes narrow, “A deal?”
Ren shrugs, “I don’t know what it was about.” He wracks his brain for more fragments of
memory, “I think… it might have been something about you.”
“The deal was?” Goro clarifies, and frowns, “That… hm.”
Ren laughs awkwardly, “Yeah, I don’t know either.”
Goro sighs, seemingly giving up the thread, “How much do you know about Maruki?”
Ren makes a so-so motion, “A bit. He’s my school counsellor. I have no idea why we’d want
to change his heart though. He’s a nice guy. A bit of a mess.”
Goro makes a doubtful hum, “I see. Is there any information about him that sticks out to you?
From your visions or otherwise?”
Ren tilts his head, trying to remember his interactions with the man. “I- yeah. He’s interested
in cognitive psience. I think he’s writing a paper on it.” Ren snorts wryly, “You’d think that
kind of stuff would be better suited for lab work rather than being a school counsellor-”

Candidate found, A voice chirps, The Nav, Ren registers in the split-second pause of time,
Beginning Navigation.
***
Futaba stares at her consoles as Makoto drives through the remaining Mementos floors with
even more care and hesitance than usual.
She’s been keeping an eye on the two signals she’s picking up. They haven’t made a lot of
movement- maybe they’ve been stopped by the gate between areas? Every now and again, a
flare of energy will spike from one of the signals, not dissimilar from the kind of signature
Futaba picks up when one of her teammates uses a persona.
She would be worried that the thieves are about to walk in on a fight, but the energy spikes
are so few and far between that she doubts that the people down there are throwing hits at
each other.
Futaba bites at her lip, and tries to make the tension in her body less obvious. She thinks back
to Morgana’s question- what is she going to do if the black mask (masks?) is down there?
What the hell do you do or say to the guy that killed your mom? Shit- what is she going to do
if they run into the guy her mom experimented on? She doesn’t feel much better about that
scenario.
As they get closer and closer, trudging through the last few floors, Futaba feels dread blanket
her like a shroud. The rest of the thieves don’t seem to be doing much better.
“Why are we doing this without Joker and Crow?” Ann blurts, and Futaba sends her infinite
thanks, “I mean, this is so-! This could go so badly.” She babbles nervously, tugging furiously
at her hair.
“I must admit, I have reservations about taking this course of action without our leader.”
Yusuke adds, looking troubled.
Makoto flexes her hands on the steering wheel, “I know. I…” She sighs, “We can still turn
back.” She offers, “But I’m worried that we won’t get another chance like this. Even if we
have to retreat, if we can find the identities of whoever these people are, then…”
“Also,” Morgana chimes in, voice reverberating throughout the car, “You know Joker would
definitely be in favour of chasing these guys down."
Ryuji scratches at his hair, “That’s true…” He gives a sunny grin, looking only slightly
forced, “And we already know we’ve got plenty of those Goho things, so we’re set, right? If
we get in trouble, we just sprint for a bit and then teleport home.”
“Right.” Makoto nods firmly, “…Any objections?”
Futaba taps her fingers rhythmically against her thighs, “None here.” She eventually says,
quietly.

There’s a round of similar sentiments from all the other thieves, and Makoto nods and
audibly swallows.
“Well then,” She says, and glances at Futaba’s console, “Just one more floor.”
Just one more.
The floor in question is mercifully, or perhaps cruelly, quite short. It isn’t long before the
Monabus pulls up against the platform, all the thieves leaping out and Morgana transforming
back into his cat form.
There’s a hum of nervous energy, and no one bothers with a half-hearted pep talk as they all
move towards the escalators.
On the way down, before the view of the station platform quite crests into view, the sound of
hushed conversation and muffled sobs wafts up the tunnel. At Futaba’s side, Makoto clenches
her fists and strides forward.
“Who’s there?” She calls out, summoning all the authority that Queen can provide.
The sounds stop, abruptly, and Futaba’s chest clenches as she sees the figures at the end of
the tunnel.
Sumire Yoshizawa, dressed all in black and with an onyx mask fit for a masquerade, and
Haru Okumura, looking the part of a musketeer and with a similarly black mask.
In the haze of a betrayal confirmed, Futaba makes a choice.
Darting back, Necronomicon violently tugs her up into its space, and Futaba’s hands hit the
console so hard that for a moment she’s afraid it might break, as she battles to warp the
cognition around two opposing human minds with a livid focus she’s never quite summoned
before, and she claws at itAnd shatters the space, Yoshizawa and Okumura yelping as they’re both dragged into place
as the thieves finish the circle, surrounding the black masks with a grim, if shocked,
determination.
“You have some explaining to do.” Futaba hisses quietly from on high.
***
Beginning Navigation.
There is a split second of clarity that Ren manages to grasp before the world shifts, and most
of it is spent in panic.
This isn’t the first time that the Nav has activated without proper input. Getting drawn into a
palace against his will isn’t something that would ordinarily warrant a sinking dread.
But, well, circumstances aren’t exactly favourable, here.

Ren doesn’t know whose palace this is. He doesn’t know what shape it will take, hell- he
barely knows where it will be situated.
And, he doesn’t think that he and Goro will be able to get out in the state that they’ll likely
find themselves in.
The short gasp at his side as the world spins tells him that Goro has probably come to the
same conclusion.
And yet,
The sharp lance of a blinding migraine doesn’t come. Instead, there is an odd quiet in its
wake, leaving Ren’s mind in a state of tense calm. He slowly peels his eyes open from where
he had squeezed them shut, and takes in the sight.
“Shit.” Goro hisses at his side, though he doesn’t seem to be afflicted with a split head, either.
“We can’t stay here.” Goro continues, quickly, “We have no idea how long we’ll be
unaffected in the Metaverse.”
‘Here’ is really something else.
Where the half-built stadium once stood, is a monolith of twisting steel, spiralling up, up,
until a globe sits at its peak. Lenses jut out at haphazard points, all twisting and angling to get
a better look at the two interlopers that have just arrived.
It’s beautiful, in a way. Ren thinks he hates it.
“Joker.” Goro hisses, and Ren blinks out of it and quickly takes out his phone. Goro’s right,
they’re lucky they can still think, but who knows how long that will be the case?
--?-__’s Palace, the Nav reads.
“Uh,” Ren starts, “Crow?”
“What?” The other snaps, tearing his gaze away from the towering structure before them.
“The Nav can’t tell whose palace this is.” Ren says, flat, keeping his voice as calm as
possible.
Goro narrows his eyes, “Alright.” He intones slowly, “That shouldn’t stop us from being able
to leave, no?”
Ren stutters on a nod, and taps at the Nav to deactivate it.
Nothing happens.
Conditions have not been met, the Nav helpfully supplies, and Ren swears there’s a shimmer
in the corner of his vision.

Ren pauses.
“Try yours.” Ren says.
Goro furrows his brow, “What-?”
“Just do it.” Ren cuts across.
Goro frowns, and takes out his phone, tapping on the Nav enveloping the screen.
Again, nothing happens, and Ren can hear the singsong of a similar rejection from the other’s
phone.
“Fuck.” Goro presses his lips together, almost in a sneer.
Ren chuckles uncomfortably, “Why,” He swallows, nerves starting to prick, “Why can’t we
leave.”
Goro gives him a look saying, ‘how the hell am I supposed to know?’, “A property of this
palace?” He muses anyway, “Or, perhaps our affliction,” He spits out the word, “Now
extends to our navigation app.”
Ren shrugs, shoulders tense, “Maybe.” He mumbles, “What are we supposed to do?”
Goro gives him another look, “Aren’t you the leader?”
Ren shrugs again- it feels like the only thing he can do, “Just looking for ideas.”
Goro scoffs, and folds his arms, looking just as stressed as Ren feels, “Well? What now?”
Ren looks up again at the tangle of steel.
“Well.” He starts, slowly, “Whose palace do you think this is?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Goro says, “We were discussing Maruki right before this happened. I
don’t recall saying any other names, so I’d bet that’s what the Nav picked up.”
Right.
“He sees the stadium as this?” Ren asks incredulously.
“Apparently so.” Goro responds dryly.
Ren tries not to shrink under the watchful eyes of the telescopic lenses, all zeroed in on their
location.
“Let’s explore.” Ren decides, drawing himself back up.
It’s Goro’s turn for incredulity, “Are you insane?” He asks, wide-eyed, “We have no idea how
long we have before we drop. Do you want that to happen while we’re surrounded by
shadows?”

“We can’t leave, either.” Ren points out, “We either sit here and hope our friends find us, or
we go in and see if there’s something in the palace that will actually let us leave.”
Goro scowls, looking more than ready to argue. Clearly, neither option appeals to him, as he
worries his lips together and glares at the palace.
“Fine.” He eventually relents, uncrossing his arms, “If we die it’s your fault.”
Ren manages a grin at that, “I can accept those terms.”
Goro mutters something that sounds suspiciously like ‘you better,’ and stalks forward.
Their clothes change in a flash of fire as they get closer, and for a moment Ren worries that
this is when the pain and visions will hit- but the silence persists.
It’s unnerving.
Ren bites at his lip when he sees the Velvet Room missing from what can pretty solidly be
identified as the palace entrance- no blue glow haunts a corner, waiting impatiently for Ren to
return, and the silence shifts into something distinctly empty.
Goro strides over to the elevator, gaze locked on the opposite side of the entry where Ren was
searching for the familiar prison door. He shoots Ren a look, pretty clearly telling him to
hurry it up, and Ren follows.
The elevator pulls upwards, and Ren watches as rows and rows of glimmering metal pass
them by, and ignores the two pulls in his chest, leading toward and away the palace in equal
intensity.
***
And, somewhere else, a fractured mirror sighs.
He had been hoping that Ren would figure this shit out earlier, but he supposes that’s too
much to ask of a traitor.
Ironic- and perhaps deserved. Though, the whole situation feels less funny when it’s the end
of the world, and when Ren only pulled this stunt out of some misguided saviour complex.
The mirror also supposes that he only feels this way because that’s what Ren thinks he would
feel, which is irritating in a whole other way. Technically, the mirror enacted no such
betrayal, and did not suffer Ren’s counter in turn. The mirror thinks that apathy is the only
emotion he really has any right to.
Ah, but was he not betrayed? The sanctity of his being, reversed, cracked, and buried beneath
the weight of a forgotten year, supressed under layers of sediment and grief, until he was
forged into the uncomfortable presence of something that reality dictates should not exist.
He looks, idly, at the glass that litters the floor, and wonders if Ren is even capable of piecing
it back together.

His is not the only existence that was forgotten. But, it is the only one that can manifest
himself as such. Somewhere, at his side, or nowhere at all, the Mother Angel weeps in
treachery that she did not think possible, unable to cry her grievances to the one who slipped
a knife between her ribs.
The others sit in silence- some blissfully unaware that their saviour doomed the world (for
love? What a joke), others stunned into disbelief.
And one, delighted by Ren’s choice, confused by the rubble it is buried beneath.
The mirror hopes that one stays buried.
Myriad complaints aside, it is only the mirror that can whisper in Ren’s ear. He remembers
his own name, somewhere deep down. But, he can’t say it. Any attempt to summon himself
into being is met with a chain around his throat and a reminder that what he represents is not
what exists. It would certainly be a lot easier, if he could just introduce himself.
But, alas, the rules of cognition bind his wings. He had been half-convinced that that was all
he was, for a time. It was what Ren believed, so he believed it too.
And then, the doubt.
Warranted, of course. What kind of cognition knows more than the mind from which it
spawned? Not much more, mind, but enough to feel strange.
A persona. The conclusion that Ren had stumbled upon, and the only one that felt right. I am
thou, thou art I, and round and round and round.
But a wildcard’s heart is strange and malleable, and ‘I am thou’ is only true so long as the
wildcard lets it be so. Right now, the mirror isn’t much of anything. He thinks ‘I am thou’
might apply more to the face he wears, should he ever meet him, but even then- not quite.
The two Fools aren’t even back where they started. And yet, simultaneously, they are leagues
ahead. Something has changed, and the mirror assumes it is for the better.
Maybe it would be detrimental, if Ren were to remember his name. But the mirror is selfish,
hungry, and ravenous, and he wants more than his fill.
He wishes, more than anything, to be remembered. It is the promise on which he was forged,
after all, and he has no qualms of taking and taking until Ren looks and understands exactly
what it is he has shattered, carelessly, across the ground.
The mirror tugs idly at the bond he spawned, in some uncomfortable warping of the sea of
souls. The Aeon, arbiter of memory and dreams, reflection of the Judgement, and absolutely
useless if Ren can’t get it together.
The Mother continues to weep, and the mirror wonders if retribution will come for her, too.
She remains neglected, in this time, but perhaps she can be reforged under the same hammer
the mirror has done to himself.

Or perhaps, that bond lies too fragmented to be saved, its edges ground to dust from misuse,
the only option remaining to start again.
The Mother held so much Faith that she choked on it. Will she swallow it, or will she spit it
back out?
The mirror doesn’t know.
“Ah, Joker,” The mirror whispers, attempting to project feeble waves of comfort to the strings
and glass he makes his home in, “How long will you make me wait?”
***
Somewhere even further, beyond dreams, and yet so firmly rooted in reality, a man feels as
though something is wrong.
It’s not a particularly urgent feeling. Just the quiet nag of maybe he forgot his keys? No,
they’re still there… his wallet? Nope, that’s there too.
Ah, right- the voice is not quite so trivial. The feeling is more the reverent whispers ofThe time is nigh.
Right. Like that.
A bit ominous, but who is the man to deny the voices in his head?
He’s so close, too. He feels like he’s on the verge of a breakthrough. The great thing about
having largely theoretical research is that getting your funding axed doesn’t automatically
equate to having to give up on your dreams entirely, and the man is taking full advantage of
this fact.
His excited spiral is cut off again by the feeling that something isn’t quite right.
…Is he sure he didn’t forget his keys? He’s done it before. Multiple times, actually. Lost
them, too! The man thinks he and the locksmith have something of an acquaintanceship at
this point.
But no, no. That isn’t it. He’ll be going in circles at this rate. He feels like his brain itches.
A shame. A disappointment. Heresy.
What?
What is yours lies out of grasp.
Oh. That is a shame. The man isn’t sure what is his that he doesn’t have, but it is a little
disappointing that he can’t have it. Heresy seems like a bit much, though.
There’s a shimmer.

What is he thinking about, again?
Fools, he thinks, and then gets even more confused.
“Get it together, Takuto,” The man mutters to himself, and goes about his business.

Chapter End Notes

I raise you two new cliffhangers to replace the last one HA
I don't have much to say, other than rubbing my hands together evily lmao- so I suppose
I'll see you next week!
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Ren and Akechi dodging these rank ups like ninjas
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 9
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 9
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 9
___
Futaba: I'm going to approach this situation like a calm and rational adult
Sumire and Haru: uh
Futaba, pulling out a glock: nevermind. violence is okay.

Chapter 45
Chapter Summary

Blood oaths.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire scrambles to her feet from her heap in the middle of the subway platform, eyes blown
wide and stunned into silence as the thieves stare her and Noir down from the barrels of their
guns.
Shit.
“You have some explaining to do.” Oracle hisses into her mind from the looming form of
Necronomicon; waiting, impatient, above the battlefield.
“So… you’re both the black masks?” Panther whispers, eyes turned down with some
perceived betrayal. “You really were just… assassins this whole time?”
“No.” Noir snaps firmly, “If you’d allow us to explain before raising your weapons at us, then
you might have known that.”
“You can understand why we’d want to be cautious.” Queen says icily, seemingly leading the
charge in Joker’s place.
“And whadd’ya mean, ‘no’?” Skull shouts, incredulous, “You’ve clearly been lyin’ to us!”
“W-well!” Sumire stutters, looking frantically between the thieves, “We couldn’t- could you
just let us explain?!”
“Were waiting.” Fox says simply.
Sumire and Noir exchange a look.
Okay.
There’sShit, there’s nothing they can say here that isn’t a bad idea. Joker and Crow aren’t here Sumire never expected that the thieves would head into Mementos without their leader- So
they can’t tell them the truth without Goro there to back them up, because the truth isn’t
believable, and Sumire would never want to throw Goro to the wolves like this anyway.

They definitely can’t just- what, admit to being the black masks? The thieves would believe
it, probably, but Sumire thinks that’s probably the worst idea she’s ever had, and she’s had
some bad ones.
Sumire hears Noir let out a soft sigh, and knows they’re both out of ideas for a quick fix.
“Well?” Oracle’s voice rings out again.
“We can’t talk about this here.” Noir says calmly, “You’re all making a lot of assumptions.
Violet and I would prefer if we were able to speak about this in reality, where we’re on more
even ground.”
“How do we know you won’t just run away?” Mona glares.
“We don’t want to fight you.” Sumire insists, “You could probably restrain us in the real
world, if you really wanted to.”
“We also only want to speak once your entire team is assembled.” Noir adds, meeting
Queen’s glare with practiced nonchalance.
Skull scoffs, “What? Have you been spyin’ on us?”
“Probably.” Mona answers before Sumire or Noir get the chance, “Remember how Joker and
I could sense someone in Kaneshiro’s palace?”
“That was me.” Sumire says quickly, seeing how some honesty will serve her, “I- I wasn’t
sure how to talk to all of you, so I was just… seeing how you were doing.”
“So you have had a persona for a long time.” Queen says with indignance, “You aren’t doing
yourself any favours.”
“Oh, my apologies,” Noir says, innocently, “Were we supposed to lie about our
circumstances in order to make you stop pointing your guns at us?"
Panther’s aim falters, “Guys,” She calls out tentatively, “Don’t you think we should-?”
“They killed my mom.” Oracle snaps, “Or one of them did. We don’t have to listen to them.”
“How long have the two of you known about the Metaverse?” Queen talks over top of them
before Sumire gets a chance to protest, cutting off the argument.
“I stumbled into the Metaverse over the summer.” Noir explains, “I awakened my persona
after seeing my father’s true thoughts about me.”
“You awakened in Okumura’s palace…?” Mona mutters incredulously.
Noir nods firmly, but doesn’t elaborate.
Fox raises his gun slightly, “What about you?” He asks, nodding towards Sumire.

Sumire opens and closes her mouth, choking on which half-truth to let spill. “I got the Nav
when you,” She gestures to Skull and Panther, “Went into Kamoshida’s palace in early April.
I panicked, and hid, and when I managed to leave I had the Nav on my phone.”
Skull and Panther exchange alarmed looks, while Queen narrows her eyes.
“You don’t sound so confident.” She accuses.
“I think they’re lying.” Oracle spits.
“Look, can’t we just talk about this back in the real world?” Sumire says hurriedly.
“What are your intentions?” Queen cuts across, “I see no reason why we can’t have this
discussion right here.”
“As we said,” Noir grits out, some frustration starting to leak into her voice, “We would like
for all relevant parties to be present before we start this discussion.”
“What do Crow and Joker have to do with this?” Panther says nervously.
“Joker’s your leader, right?” Sumire points out.
“And how’d you know that?” Skull sneers.
“We’ve already established that we’ve been keeping tabs on you in the Metaverse.” Noir
says, once again wrangling her patience into place, “I would assume you wouldn’t want to
make any rash decisions without your leader’s input.”
“And Crow is- important.” Sumire stutters, “To this.”
It’s the wrong thing to say, as the thieves all tighten their grip on their weapons.
“Why is Crow important in this situation?” Fox demands.
“Is this why you’re friends with him?” Panther whispers, looking crushed, “Are you trying to
hurt him, or something?”
“What?!” Sumire exclaims, “Of course not!”
“Why on earth would you think that?” Noir asks sharply.
“I think Joker was right.” Oracle snarls, “They killed my mom, and now they want to kill
Crow, too. I bet they were planning to kill all of us.”
“We didn’t kill your mom!” Sumire insists, feeling desperation bubble up her throat.
“You don’t want to fight us.” Noir says, slowly turning her cold stare on each of the thieves.
“Is that a threat?” Queen says, taking a step forward.

“You’re the ones threatening us.” Noir says, resting a hand on her axe, “I’m simply informing
you that it isn’t wise to escalate this.”
“Hey, guys, maybe we should-” Panther starts to say, lowering her gun entirely.
“You’re outnumbered.” Queen snaps, “And if you really aren’t the black masks, like you’re
so insistent about, then you’re outmatched, too.”
“Uh, I dunno if we should assume that.” Mona winces.
Fox falters, “We shouldn’t let our emotions get the better of us.” He says, “They might be
lying, or they might not.”
“Well they definitely aren’t tellin’ us the truth!” Skull snaps, “It sounds like Yoshizawa knew
the whole time who we were and just kept stalkin’ us in palaces!”
“But didn’t Crow know the whole time too?” Panther points out weakly.
“Crow didn’t know about the Metaverse, so he had no reason to confront us.” Mona counters,
“These two don’t have that excuse.”
“Why were you keeping tabs on us?” Queen asks, taking a pointed step back like it’s a peace
offering.
“I-” Sumire bites down on her lip, “I didn’t want to join you. But I wanted to know what you
were doing, and-” She grinds her teeth, “There’s more going on than what you know about.”
“Like what.” Oracle asks flatly.
“I’m not talking without Goro.” Sumire summons her backbone to put her foot down.
“And not without Ren-kun, either.” Noir adds smoothly.
A pause.
And, an impasse.
There’s a tense wait, as the conversation stalls. Oracle’s voice stops ringing in her head, but
Sumire can see the lights of Necronomicon flash, and sees Queen’s brow furrowed as though
in conversation.
Queen narrows her eyes, “Crow and Joker can’t come to the Metaverse right now.”
“They probably already know that.” Skull mutters.
“We can leave Mementos,” Sumire points out, ignoring Skull’s jab, “Then we can have this
conversation in Leblanc, or something.”
“I think they’re planning something,” Oracle’s voice echoes again, pointedly out loud.
“I agree.” Queen says cooly, “Either we can talk here, or not at all.”

“Guys!” Panther hisses.
“Is that your ultimatum?” Noir clarifies, tilting her head.
“Noir…?” Sumire whispers, eyes widening in alarm.
“Yes.” Queen straightens up, standing her ground.
Noir hums softly. “That’s unfortunate…” She sighs,
And before anyone can move or comment on her words, Noir tears her mask off her face.
“Milady!” She calls, “Mapsio!”
In an instant, there are shouts as the thieves stumble out of formation. Queen cries out in pain
as the psychic attack lances at her weakness, and the moment of panic and confusion is
enough for Noir to grab Sumire by the arm and drag her towards the escalators, forcing the
thieves’ backs against the unopened door.
“Noir!” Sumire yelps in protest, panic clawing at her arms as she fumbles for her sword.
“They weren’t cooperating,” Noir murmurs lowly, “And I’m not talking without Goro-kun
here to defend himself and Ren-kun here to mediate.”
Sumire groans in frustration, but relents, and raises her hand towards her mask.
The thieves each stumble to reorient themselves, shaking off Noir’s spell. Queen can’t quite
drag herself back up, as the rest of the thieves reach for their weapons and masks.
“Wait!” Panther shouts, but no one pays her any mind.
“If it’s a fight you want then it’s what you’ll get!” Oracle’s voice pierces into Sumire’s mind,
and she can already feel cognition beginning to warp as it did before, the edges of her vision
wavering in dizzying swirls.
The thieves launch forward, weapons in hand and blue fire at their backs.
***
It’s nauseating, being in Maruki’s palace.
Akechi was told months ago, of course, that the place exists, and what ideologies it entails,
but there’s still something so oppressively wrong about the place that Akechi is seriously
considering turning around and waiting at the entrance rather than pressing onwards into the
bright white and silver lights of Maruki’s saviour complex made in steel and LEDs.
Akechi has never met the man and he already hates him. This whole situation is making it
incredibly difficult to keep the fragments of his bullshit pleasantries in place; though he
supposes he was never going to be able to keep them around for much longer anyway.

Ren doesn’t seem to be doing much better. Given that the man is Shujin’s school counsellor,
Akechi assumes that there is some bond of trust between Ren and the future god that just got
hit with a healthy heaping of doubt and betrayal.
Well. They can sort through that later, when they aren’t at risk of spontaneously dropping
unconscious.
The elevator finally slides and clicks into place at the top of the chute, the door
unceremoniously sweeping open, startling some nearby doves into flight.
Akechi steps forward.
This place is disgusting. The cognitions milling about tittering about their ‘great leader’ set
Akechi on edge- the content of the posters they’re fawning over do nothing to settle him.
He wonders if everyone who studies cognitive psience is destined to be deranged. He
supposes you’d have to beRight, the cognitions, theyThere aren’t any cognitions. The grand and blindingly white lobby of the palace is empty.
What?
ThenAkechi shakes out of it.
“I hate this place.” He mutters aloud, and Ren shoots him a sympathetic look.
Ren taps his shoe against the ground, “Maybe what we’re looking for is further in?”
“And what exactly is it that we’re looking for?” Akechi asks, not expecting a real answer.
Ren, predictably, shrugs, “Uh, a switch, maybe?” He grins sheepishly, “Or a shadow?”
“Do you really want to chance fighting a shadow in our unpredictable state?” Akechi
questions.
“It might be our only option.” Ren points out, which, well,
There’s a sense of… wrong, that shivers underneath Akechi’s skin. A feeling that’s about as
vague as it gets, but it doesn’t lend to the idea that he and Ren are anywhere near safe in this
place.
Ren shifts uncomfortably, “We should go check out those posters at least. Maybe one of them
will have a map.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Ren.”
“What?”

“There aren’t any posters.”
Ren frowns, confused, then his face contorts into something between a wince and a grimace,
looking over towards the boards that look like they could have contained what he’s looking
for. “I- right. Right.”
Akechi frowns.
Didn’t he think there were posters, too?
“Ren.” He says again, “Joker,” He corrects himself, “While we aren’t dropping to the ground
and writhing in pain, I don’t think we’re entirely unaffected by our… visions, at the
moment.”
Ren presses his lips together, “I mean, this is better than the alternative, right? It’s just…
seeing things, rather than…”
“Sure.” Akechi says derisively, “Until our hallucinations start getting out of hand.”
Ren grimaces, and bites at his lip, “Well. Not a lot we can do.”
Akechi sighs, “In that case, leader, since you’re so confident, where to?”
Ren points at the door on the opposite end of the lobby area, “Seems like a good place to
start.” He starts off in that direction without waiting for confirmation.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and follows.
***
Ren’s pace picks up as he approaches the door.
He needs to be quick. He has no idea how Kasumi got the Nav, butWho the hell is Kasumi?
She’s in here, somewhere. Ren bounces his leg nervously, and Morgana doesn’t look any more
thrilled than he is.
-They need to find out who this palace belongs to. Something is very wrong right now and
Ren’s just glad that Akechi and Kasumi are here to keep him sane; something is still off,
though-They need to find Sumire fast. Ren trusts that Maruki wouldn’t have hurt her, but what the
hell does a promise mean from the mouth of a madman-?
Ren needs to get a grip. Scenarios, names, and ideas all crash together in his head in a
discordant harmony, all fighting for priority in what Ren can seehearfeelHe clenches his fists hard enough for it to hurt, and reaches for the door handle.

It’s locked.
It’s open, this time.
It had better not be locked.
Ren breathes out harshly.
Locked. It’s locked. That is the objective truth of reality in front of him.
“Joker?” Goro’s voice comes from behind him.
“M’fine.” Ren grits out. “We’ll have to find another way in.”
He turns around, and is met with one of Goro’s piercing looks. The haze at the edges of Ren’s
vision that he didn’t notice was there dissipates slightly.
“Alright.” Goro says, turning on his heel, “Let’s go, then.”
***
Sumire leaps back as the thieves leap forward, the only one slow to act being Queen, still
staggering from Noir’s attack.
“Okumura’s probably weak to nuclear!” Oracle’s voice rings out, not bothering to project
directly into their minds, “Go get em’, Queen!”
“Right.” Queen chokes out from across the battlefield.
“Do you know what they’re weak to?” Noir hisses at Sumire’s side.
“Uh,” Sumire stutters out. Time to play navigator, she guesses, “Only what you just did. But
none of them can resist physical attacks and gun skills, so-”
Sumire gets an idea. “Ella!” She tears away her mask, “Brave step!”
She feels a burst of focus flood her mind, dragging her eyes purposefully over each of the
thieves’ weak points.
At her side, Noir huffs a laugh.
“Yoshizawa just buffed both their critical attacks!” Oracle warns.
“What’re you playin’ at, huh?” Skull jeers as he launches forward with his metal pipe, nearly
clipping Sumire in the stomach before she manages to leap back, pressing against the
escalators.
“This!” Noir says cheerfully, sweeping in front of Sumire, “Milady!” She shouts, “Triple
down!”

Milady’s skirts slide away with a groan of metal, revealing the stockpile of guns waiting
beneath. Bullets fire out in rounds of three, peppering the thieves with precise shots that
pierce through shoulders and joints, sending Fox and Skull tumbling to the ground.
“Holy shit!” Skull yelps.
“Don’t let them rattle you!” Queen shouts, back on her feet, “Johanna, Mafreila!”
Sumire manages to leap away from the spell, as Queen returns the favour to knock Noir to
the ground in a collapsed heap.
“Panther, hit em’ with fire!” Queen shouts, skidding forward atop her persona to close the
distance.
“I-” Panther hesitates, “Ugh, fine! Hecate, Maragion!”
Sumire doesn’t manage to dodge this time, getting hit with the brunt of the flames as Noir
cries out with pain, still staggered.
“Do we really have to do this?!” Panther yells in protest.
“They attacked first!” Mona shouts, calling Zorro forward to heal some of the bullet wounds
still littering the thieves’ bodies.
“Well!” Sumire starts, and realises she probably shouldn’t waste time defending herself in the
middle of a fight, “Ella, vorpal blade!”
With her focus still enhanced, sharp lines of steel envelop the thieves, cutting deep slices into
her opponent’s flesh. Skull and Fox, who had just managed to stagger back to their feet, are
sent straight back to the ground, Panther joining them.
“Holy shit!” Skull yelps again, sounding significantly shriller.
“Oracle, can you do something?!” Queen shouts upwards as she leaps off of Johanna to aim a
kick at Sumire, who dodges with relative ease.
“On it!” Oracle responds, “Debuffing their attack!”
Sumire clenches her jaw as her limbs grow heavy, nearly tripping on her feet as she barely
notices Fox’s sword in time to stumble out of the way. She ducks into a lunge as Mona’s
slingshot pellets fly past her head, aiming a kick with her heel at Queen’s knee.
“We need more room!” Noir hisses, “We can’t get surrounded.”
Sumire nods furiously, and tries to leap up the escalators, yelping in shock as Skull launches
forward and stomps down on her coat, rooting her in place.
Noir heaves her axe, and Skull only barely manages to stagger back in time to avoid being
decapitated.

“Holy shit.” Sumire mutters in Skull’s stead.
“Milady!” Noir shouts, not missing a beat, “Tentarafoo!”
A cloud of purple smoke swirls across the subway platform, and Panther, Mona, and Queen
all clutch at their heads, the confusion taking hold.
“Wha- guys!” Oracle yells, indignant. She groans, “Be careful! Panther, Mona, and Queen
are all confused! They might do something weird!”
‘Something weird’ turns out to be Queen clocking Skull in the face, forcing him off of where
he had partially restrained Sumire.
“What the hell!” Skull shouts in protest, and Sumire takes the opportunity to properly bound
up the escalators, Noir quick on her heels.
***
Ren can’t shake it off.
He’s climbing up the twisting curls of metal that almost look like hair, looking for another
path through. Kasumi- Sumire? MarukiRen thinks he has a migraine. Goro doesn’t look like he’s having any better of a time.
“We shouldn’t be here.” Goro mutters, but follows Ren further up the rafters anyway.
The rafters lead up and up, until they manage to find the next room- it looks something like a
reception or a lobby, though it’s as barren as the last room was.
Ren drops down, Goro close behind, and cautiously walks forward into the space. Several
closed doors give no indication of the right path, and Ren steps past the receptionist’s desk to
get a better look at the larger room.
There’s a girl.
There’s no one there.
Ren swallows, “Hey, Crow, maybe we should-”
A shadow bursts from the ground, dressed up in a lab coat and clutching a clipboard.
“You return.” The shadow states.
Ren suppresses a startle, and narrows his eyes, “We’ve never been here before.”
At his side, Goro makes a low hum. “How about we skip this,” He suggests, “And get to the
part where you explain why we can’t seem to leave this place.”
“Our saviour has not yet awakened.” The shadow declares, “But the echoes of what he once
was demand that you receive treatment.”

Ren slides a hand to hover over his dagger. “…And what would that entail?”
“You wish to leave.” The shadow tilts its head, entirely inhuman, “To leave would bring you
pain. Our saviour wishes to prevent this.” The shadow looks at each of them with a long,
piercing look, “You only strive towards your own suffering.”
Goro scoffs, and Ren finds that he has to agree.
“I cannot allow you to leave until you accept our saviour’s gift.” The shadow continues.
“A question.” Goro unsheathes his sword, “If we were to, say, destroy you,” He points his
sword at the shadow, “Would that break whatever hold you have on our autonomy?”
The shadow doesn’t move.
Well, there’s one way to find out. Ren sighs, and tears off his mask, “Principality!”
“Oh, a Justice, hm?”
Ren freezes.
“This place is a bit odd, no? It’s almost as though it remembers, and yet the mind it spawned
from does not.”
Ren blinks, and he isn’t in the receptionist’s hall anymore. He staggers, and collapses against
the table situated in a room lined with lockers and lab coats.
“Don’t worry, you’re safe here.” A hum. “Mostly.”
Crow, that’s Crow’s voice- exceptCrow? The Aeon, Ren remembers the Aeon- but, he shouldn’t, right? HeRen loses the thread.
A sigh. “This is going to be difficult.”
“…Goro?” Ren calls out, trying to remember what he was thinking about.
“We established that a while ago.” Crow says, sounding annoyed, “Though, with how you’re
slipping in and out of awareness, it might just be confusing if I say yes.”
He’s got that right, Ren thinks, as the Aeon crashes against his mind again, already slipping
back with the tide.
Ren blinks, and tries to make out more details of the room through the white spots littering
his vision. Shit- where the hell is Goro? He should have listened; they shouldn’t be hereActually, Ren isn’t so sure. He feels like he’s standing on a precipice.

“Do you remember yet?” Crow asks, and Ren finally manages to see him, gauntleted boots
kicked up on the table.
Ren laughs breathlessly, “I think you’re going to have to be more specific.”
“My name.” Crow says, face containing no hint of amusement.
Ren coughs, and grasps at his head. He needs to get out of here- He has one hell of a
migraine, but he can still think and stand; he has to find Goro, get back to the entrance, and
bide their time until the thieves manage to figure out where they’ve gone. They’ll figure it
out eventually, he’s sure Futaba bugged his phone.
He staggers to the door, and nearly trips as it swings open violently, accommodating for his
weight.
“You’re leaving already?” Crow asks dryly, and Ren can hear him stand to follow, “It’s a bit
rude to abandon ship in the middle of a conversation.”
“I can only remember it half the time-” Ren frowns. Who is he talking to?
He shakes his head furiously, managing to stumble to the opposite wall of the hallway. Did
Ren just vanish as they were about to face the shadow, or did he black out? He hopes Goro
isn’t stuck fighting that shadow alone, especially if he’s in the same state Ren is.
But he can’t be, can he? Surely not in the same way, at least.
Ren doesn’t bother turning around or changing his course when memory returns to him
again. It’s better not to confuse himself, when nothing rests solidly in his mind. Even now, the
hallways swirl and shift in and out of solid shapes, space slipping away in whirlpools and
sand.
Ren manages to find the receptionist’s hall again, but he can’t see anything- can’t tell if Goro
or the shadow are there, can barely tell if it’s the same room at all, and it all feels so***
“You’re annoyingly persistent, you know that?” Akechi glares, leaning against what seems to
be his favourite spot in Kichijoji.
Ren shrugs, “Some would say it’s one of my better qualities.” He rubs his hands together
slightly, trying to stave off the cold without looking too affected.
Akechi scoffs, “’Some.’” He says, derisively, “But not I. We still have half of Maruki’s palace
to get through, remember?”
Ren remembers just fine, and he wonders when Akechi will run out of half-baked excuses to
avoid him. “We still have three weeks.” He points out tiredly, “We probably could have
finished it all in one day, but Sumire was looking a little overwhelmed and I wanted us to
pace ourselves.”

“Right.” Akechi rolls his eyes, folds his arms, and makes no move to counter.
Ren presses his lips together, “If I say that we’ll finish the palace tomorrow, will you spend
time with me?”
“Sounding a little desperate, Amamiya.” Akechi says, dry as the desert.
Ren rolls his eyes, “Just answer the question.”
Akechi presses his lips in a sneer, and“Figured it out yet?” Crow asks, a whisper in Ren’s ear.
“Not quite.” Ren murmurs.
***
Akechi doesn’t know where he is.
He knows where he was, and he clings to the memory of when reality wasn’t cracking at the
seams with a fervour he knows himself only to be capable of out of desperation.
This would be a pathetic way to die. Unable to contend with the mind of a deranged
counsellor.
Who, if that shadow is to be believed, is halfway to remembering things that he shouldn’t. It
would be inconvenient, and possibly downright catastrophic, if Takuto Maruki suddenly
remembers the timeline that folded in half, and gains the foresight to correct his mistakes.
That can’t happen. Which is why Akechi was more than happy to make quick work of the
shadow that seemed to be in control of why he and Ren can’t leave- and yet,
He can’t remember what happened. He knows he’s stumbling through something bright,
white, and clinical, but not much else.
He needs to find Ren. He has a feeling what this might start turning into if they’re not careful
and if they don’t get the hell out of here as quickly as possible, but he has no idea where the
fuck he is“Oh, Akechi-kun!”
Akechi freezes.
His knees buckle before he can do much else, and he collapses into a couch as the space
around him finally swirls into something he can perceive- it looks like an office; minimalist,
bland, and with the odd potted plant to finish the illusion that anything about this is alive.
“Sorry for this,” The voice says again, and something flickers as Akechi manages to drag his
attention to the desk opposite him, “I don’t mean to startle you- but I wanted to have a chat.”

Something flickers again, and this time it flickers into the shape of a man in a white suit and
slick-back hair, glasses perched haphazardly on his nose.
And, behind the frames, two, burning, golden eyes.
“Maruki.” The name comes to Akechi’s lips unprompted. He doesn’t recall meeting the man
before, but, well- it isn’t entirely surprising that he recognises him, either.
“Ah, so you do remember some things.” Maruki’s shadow says cheerfully, looking far too
pleased about this development.
“Enough to know that I’d like to be far, far, away from you.” Akechi says pleasantly.
“Now, don’t be like that.” Maruki’s shadow frowns, like he’s talking to a child and not an
assassin that hates him. “I only want to talk, really.” He chuckles, “Honestly, I think I’m just
as confused as you are about this whole situation.”
“What, time folding in on itself?” Akechi scoffs, not bothering to hide what the shadow
clearly already knows. “Aren’t you supposed to be a god, or something?”
“Well, I was.” The shadow says sheepishly, “But, well, not really, right now.”
“Any chance you could keep it that way?” Akechi says flatly.
The shadow’s face finally morphs into something serious, “I’m afraid I can’t do that, Akechikun. My goals remain the same, even after this… unforeseen development.” He smiles again,
“I’ve even gotten to keep some of my godlier abilities in this loop! Only within my own
palace, for now, though.”
“How wonderful for you.” Akechi spits, scanning the room for any sort of exit, “Is gloating
and monologuing all you dragged me here for?”
“Oh, no, of course not!” The shadow exclaims, “I’m sorry, I really did ramble on, didn’t I?”
“Does it look like I care?” Akechi mutters.
“Anyway,” Maruki’s shadow continues, ignoring the jab, “I brought you here to discuss…
well, our situation, I suppose. It seems that Yoshizawa-san is the only person who truly
remembers the last timeline, correct?”
At the mention of Sumire, Akechi’s focus snaps back to the shadow, “Stay the hell away from
her.” He hisses, “She doesn’t want anything to do with you, and if you know what’s fucking
good for you-”
The shadow holds up his hands placatingly, “Relax, I haven’t attempted to actualise her
again in this timeline. I’m not sure it would stick for long, anyway. I think…” He tilts his
head, “That her wish may have shifted.”
“I don’t give a shit if Sumire wishes for sparkles and fucking rainbows- I promised to help
change your heart, but if you try any shit with her or Haru-san I will not fucking hesitate to

kill you.” Akechi snarls, trying to stalk over towards the desk, before the room shifts, and his
knees buckle again, collapsing back onto the couch.
The shadow smiles like he isn’t making any promises, and Akechi wonders if gods are bulletproof, “Message received. But, Yoshizawa-san wasn’t really my point.”
“Then what is it?” Akechi hisses.
“Well, you.” Maruki’s shadow gives a small, awkward smile, “And Amamiya-kun. The two of
you really are special, you know that?”
Akechi feels as though the shadow is attempting to continue a conversation that Akechi can’t
remember. “Sure.” He spits derisively, “And?”
“Well, I’m a little curious as to why you don’t remember the last timeline.” The shadow says,
leaning forward, golden eyes wide and curious, “It makes sense that the other me is having
some issues, since my godhood is, ah, a bit in question at the moment,” He chuckles, “But
you and Amamiya-kun? You both… half remember, and I can’t tell why.”
“And how do you expect me to know, when we’ve established that I don’t remember?”
Akechi sneers, “And did you really expect me to just give up that information freely, if I did
know?”
Maruki’s shadow chuckles like he’s dealing with a disobedient dog, “Well, I don’t really need
you to tell me, to know things.”
Oh, wonderful.
“Then why are you talking to me?” Akechi spits in a low growl, “Scan my brain, poke around
in my cognition, or whatever the fuck it is you do, I’d rather not have to see your face any
longer than necessary.”
The shadow smiles sheepishly, “Is it really so strange that I just wanted to talk?”
“Yes.” Akechi says simply, intensifying his glare.
“Maybe so.” Maruki’s shadow shrugs, “But, I suppose I wanted to get your opinion on
something- do you know how I succeeded in my goal, last time?”
“You didn’t succeed in shit.” Akechi points out, “Time warped before you got to that part, to
my knowledge.”
Maruki’s shadow huffs lightly, “True- though, Akechi-kun, you should know that there was
really nothing you could have done, even if you had all the time in the world to stop me.”
“Confident, are we?” Akechi says flatly, resuming his search for any sort of exit from the
room.
“Well, I’m just looking at things objectively.” The shadow rubs his neck, the picture of
modesty, “You tried, you know? In the remaining hours you had before my hold on reality

became permanent.”
Akechi pauses, “I tried what?”
“Well, to fight me.” Maruki says, face never dropping from that affable expression, “I can’t
quite tell if any of that has carried over- your circumstances were unique in more ways than
one; though, ah, that was mostly my fault-”
“Shut up,” Akechi hisses, gears and confusion churning in his head, “What the fuck are you
talking about? I thought we never managed to clear your palace, why would you even bother
fighting me?”
Maruki’s shadow frowns, “You did make it through the place. I don’t know why Y-”
Akechi doesn’t hear the rest of whatever the shadow wanted to say, as his vision swirls again.
***
Another pawn clicks down, and Akechi lifts his hand to survey the board.
In front of him, leaning against the bar of Leblanc, Ren does the same, brows furrowed and
frowning.
Eventually, Ren’s eyes flick up, and he gives a small smile, “I guess chess was a pretty good
incentive to get you to talk with me.”
“You managed to make it work the other day.” Akechi points out dispassionately, impatience
clinging to his skin as he waits for Ren to take his turn.
Ren moves his knight, “Yeah, but that was Mementos. It wasn’t hard to figure out that
violence entices you.”
Akechi snorts. “You’re not wrong.”
He wonders, idly, if he should spill his guts. What would it be, really; a desperate plea to be
understood? Or a vain attempt at pushing Ren away?
He needs- He wants to say- that his actions over the last month have been(He needs to know if he’s real. He isn’t sure what answer would comfort him.
He needs it because there’s nothing else he has left after Ren stripped away his purpose in a
magician’s trick, whipping the cloth from the table. He's grasping for the only way he can
really feel something amongst the ever-present static that has joined him in his half-life, as
Robin and Loki sit in silence, mourning the vows that go unfulfilled)
But he says none of that.
“Is chess not a form of figurative violence?” He says instead, opting to dazzle and distract
from the roulette of horrors that threaten to consume his mind in favour of some bullshit

debate, “I have razed half your kingdom.”
Ren frowns down at the board again. “I’m having an off day.”
“Whatever makes you feel better.” Akechi says flatly.
Ren grins, “If you let me take you out for billiards, then I think I might have a shot at a win.”
Akechi scoffs, “Against my left hand? Not a chance.”
“I’ve been practicing.” Ren says with a put-upon pout.
“Against who?” Akechi sneers, moving his bishop to take the enemy queen. Ren scowls, and
Akechi smirks, “You know that battling weaker opponents only breeds complacency.”
Ren moves knight to capture the bishop. A worthy trade. “Well, if you actually played me,
then this would be a non-issue.” He smiles again, “I can’t go finding another rival, can I?”
“You could find a better way to spend your time.” Akechi says dryly, surveying the game with
an air of boredom. “Mate in three.”
“Shit.” Ren mutters, and sighs, “I guess I haven’t had much chess practice, either.”
“You play chess like you’re playing shogi.” Akechi observes, “You are aware that they’re
different games, no?”
Ren rolls his eyes, “Strategy is transferable. I only got better at chess after I started playing
shogi.”
“You play shogi with someone?” Akechi asks, raising an eyebrow performatively, “Look at
that. A better way to spend your time.” He stands from his chair, brushing off his coat and
readjusting his scarf.
Ren’s expression shutters, “You’re leaving already?” He asks, doing a poor job of hiding his
disappointment. Or maybe this is his fledgeling attempt at manipulation.
Akechi just rolls his eyes in response, and heads towards the door, “Obviously.” He mutters.
“Uh, hey,” Ren calls out, and Akechi pauses in his step, “After all this is over, maybe we can
hang out more? Since we won’t be- wasting time, or anything,” He catches on his words.
Akechi taps his fingers against the door handle.
“Sure.” He lies. It’s a kindness, he tells himself. Insurance.
The way Ren lights up makes him question otherwise.
***
“Hello?” Ren shouts into the receptionist’s hall, hoping that if Goro’s there, he’ll be in a state
to respond.

“What do you need,” He gets Crow’s voice instead, “to figure it out?”
“How am I supposed to know?" Ren mutters, as his vision blanches white.
He’s still blinking away the vision of Kichijoji as he continues his search for Goro in vain.
At least he can still move, he reminds himself. Visions are the least of his worries. At least he
can still speak, at least he’s still aware, at leastWhat if they’re both going to die in here?
What the hell is happening to him?
“You’re a persona.” Ren thinks aloud to distract himself, “So you probably represent
something.” He frowns, and mutters, “Arcana. Arcana, you belong to an arcana-”
“It’s really not that difficult.” Crow snarks, leaning against a wall in the corner of his vision.
Ren inhales sharply and turns around. If Goro isn’t here then he’ll have to go deeper into the
palace to try and search.
“Aeon.” Ren guesses, since that makes sense.
“No.”
Ren rolls his eyes, “Alright, Justice.”
“There we go.” Crow sighs, “What next? Going to sound out my name until something
sticks?”
“Better than nothing!” Ren calls as he jogs up the stairs at the end of the hall.
Ren passes the safe room he had left just earlier, and laments the wasted time. He shoves his
weight against a door when it doesn’t give, and scowls when it doesn’t make even a creak of
protest. He spins on his heel, and stalks over to the other door.
“Justice makes sense.” Ren reasons, as this door opens as it should, “But I haven’t maxed
out the Justice arcana, or anything.”
Crow says nothing.
Ren stutters on a step, “No, shit, I have.” He says in dawning realisation, “Right?” He spins
around to look at Crow, “Time loop bullshit, or whatever.”
Crow hums.
Ren babbles on, ignoring the non-reaction, “So then you’re what came from that bond, and I
can either remember you spontaneously, or I can just find Goro, max out the Justice, and find
you that way. It’ll just take a little bit longer.”
“I’m tired of waiting.” Crow snarls.

Ren’s vision sharpens.
The ebb and flow of memory comes to a halt, and he suddenly doesn’t feel like he’s
dreaming, anymore.
“You can do your bullshit, if you like.” Crow says, stalking forward, “You get your persona,
you get your shiny bond forged in blood and iron, but you will always miss the point.” He
finishes with a hiss.
Ren doesn’t step back, “Won’t it be the same?”
“No.” Crow spits, “It will never be the same, unless you make the same mistakes, take the
same deals, and all-around turn into the same fuckup that you’re apparently destined to be.”
There’s not a lot Ren can say to that.
So, he doesn’t. Instead, he quietly turns around, and continues his march forward.
He doesn’t want to know what Goro’s experiencing, in the shifts and turns of memory and
reality, so it’s better to find him quickly and get them both the hell out of this goddamn
nightmare of a palace.
“Running, again?” Crow jeers, “My, Joker, that seems to be your signature move!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Ren whispers, not turning around, “I can’t know
what you’re talking about.”
Whispers of dead men and visions of future regrets slide into the forefront of Ren’s mind.
A time loop. Or, at least, a year repeated. Visions, that keep insisting Goro’s death with all the
confidence of one there to witness it.
So he must have died last time, then. Obviously- but the conclusion had never quite been
coherently thought until this moment in Ren’s mind.
“You’re not going to die this time.” Ren mumbles, “You’re not going to die, I’ll figure out
what I did wrong, and everything will be okay-”
“My death wasn’t the problem.”
Ren stops.
“What?” He asks, still not turning around to look.
“My death,” Crow repeats, “Was not the problem. I was quite content with it, in fact.”
Ren whirls around and takes and aborted step forward, “Well-!” He inhales sharply, “It’s still
not happening this time.”
Crow shrugs slowly, “Whatever you say.”

Ren turns back around, walking at a brisk pace. “Good.”
After a beat, the desynched tap tap tap of Crow’s gauntleted boots trails behind him. “You’re
running again.” He says flatly.
“I’m not.” Ren grits out, lacking the bite he wishes.
“Then are you going to ask about what you did?” Crow says, a whisper in Ren’s ear.
Ren stops walking. Clenches his fists. “Will you tell me, if I ask?”
“I can show you.” Crow places a hand on his shoulder.
Ren bites his lip so hard that it splits, and stares down the hall, where he should be going, he
doesn’t have the time“I don’t think I have the time.” Ren protests, weakly.
“You do.” Crow assures,
And Ren falls back.
***
He thinks he hates snow, by now.
Every day of the past month, there has been snow that decorates the streets in picturesque
piles. Enough to look beautiful, not enough to ever be an inconvenience, never melting into
off-white sludge, never layering high enough to hide ice underneath.
But, that should be over soon, and then he’ll have to deal with regular weather patterns like
people in the real world do.
One last calling card, a final swan song for the dramatics that accompany thievery like an
old friend, and then reality will be as it should be.
It’s hard not to feel melancholic, really. Which is odd, because Ren knows that he had no
patience for everyone’s false realities. He didn’t care for what their wishes were, because he
knows he wasn’t part of them.
He knows it was selfish. To take what could have been a perfect happy ending from all of
them. But Ren so rarely gets to be selfish, and if the thieves were so wrapped up in their
delusions that they forgot what Ren means, then what would be left of him?
The thieves didn’t seem upset, at least. They thanked him, even, apologised for their
transgressions, and Ren spent the month assuaging their guilt and trying again and again
and again to crack the façade of the one person he really wants.
Bitter work. But, he thinks he made progress. The new face of Goro Akechi tells no lies, but
he never tells the truth, either. His face was all calm waters, caustic to the touch, and Ren

had to wait and watch for when small flickers of the other’s thoughts would bubble up for air
on his expression.
Ren was happy to wait.
He knows it was selfish; but again, he took the rarity afforded to him without a second
thought.
He didn’t say what he felt out loud, because he knows Akechi would have run. He didn’t put a
name to it within the safety of his own mind, either, because he thinks he might have run, too.
But it’s okay. They’ll have time after this final task is done, the whole world to run and chase
as they please.
So Ren waits. And Maruki arrives. He half listens to the counsellor’s monologue, and snaps
to attention when something doesn’t align with the script Ren had been building in his head.
No.
No, it has to be some sick joke, some manipulation, something, anything, but the truth cannot
beHe had never thought too hard, that he didn’t get a wish. Akechi didn’t get one either; so it
must have been some wildcard thing, some divine intervention that shrouded their dreams in
fog, safe from a madman’s probing.
Except, dead men don’t get wishes, and Ren isn’t special.
And now, he has a choice to make.
He doesn’t listen to Maruki’s half-baked sympathy. He flicks the calling card at him in an act
of spite, even though he knows deep down that it will never go to use, and doesn’t look Akechi
in the eye as the other makes his point.
There’s no choice here, he says, and Ren agrees.
Because Ren so rarely gets to be selfish, and can’t he have something, just this once? Can’t
he please have the one thing he wants more than the world- he doesn’t care that it will be a
cage, he doesn’t care that it’s a betrayal, he doesn’t give a shit, because this is the only thing
that he’s ever let matter to him like thisHe’s begging, but he doesn’t have to. The choice is his to make, after all.
And the Justice reverses.
“Do you understand, yet?”
And Ren does, as the room doesn’t yet reform, his body suspended in waiting. He nods,
shakingly.

“Good, then” Ren can hear the smile in the voice, the relief. And he finally turns, and falls"Will you recall?" The thing that was once Crow whispers, "What I am to you, in full? Every
inch, every turn, will you remember the bond we shared, that you have forsaken?"
"I-" Ren chokes, "Yes," He whispers, throat raw.
The being's face smiles, gentler than Ren has ever seen Akechi capable of, this time or last, as
his memory shifts and fragments again and again,
"Good," It whispers again, metal rippling down its arms and up its face, black and blue being
doused in silver and gold, "I am thou, thou art I, will you remember my name?"
"Metatron." Ren whispers,
And memory returns, in all its entirety, cutting through the blinding fog dousing all the sharp
and jagged crevices of Ren's mind, a hindrance and a blessing in equal measure, in the way it
had hidden the wretched wounds left by the reality that once was.
Ah, but no more.
"Oh." Ren swallows, mouth parted.
The Justice snaps back into place, forged in iron and blood, and yet bent at an angle. Not
quite upright, not quite reversed.
The Aeon, too, solidifies. The thread dissolving into blood and becoming whole.
Ren’s knees buckle, and he slams down against the while tile floors of Maruki’s palace, as he
tries to balance the weight of everything he had forgotten.

Chapter End Notes

The art for this chapter

[maniacal laughter] oh ho ho I've been waiting for this
I'd say this is part 1 of the Oct 3 climax? HAHA there's still like [checks watch] two
chapters left of my bullshit
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! yyYEAH FIRST MAX RANKS

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 9 (...?)
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 10
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 10
___
Sumire: Shit!
Ann: Who the fuck taught her how to swear?!
Sumire: [wondering if saying 'Goro' counts as throwing him under the bus] um
Futaba: She's hesitating! Proof of guilt!

Chapter 46
Chapter Summary

Resolutions, and bonds that go both ways.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Yoshizawa and Okumura manage to burst away from the subway platform into the tunnel
above, and Futaba is left seething.
“Get it together, guys!” She snaps from up above, and she sees Mona throw a restorative at
the confusion-afflicted, “They’ll get away!”
“On it!” Makoto shouts, shaking off the confusion and summoning Johanna, launching
herself up the escalators.
Ryuji, still reeling from the punch to his face, shakes his head furiously and sprints after her,
the rest of the thieves not far behind. Futaba shoots forward in Necronomicon, her eyes glued
to Yoshizawa and Okumura’s position on her map. They’re making quick ground, but the
thieves are fast, too.
Futaba sees Makoto quickly speed through the tunnels, swerving around to block Yoshizawa
and Okumura’s easy escape as the rest of the thieves start to catch up. “Johanna!” She shouts,
“Mafreila!”
The same trick doesn’t work twice, as Okumura’s eyes widen, and she manages to skid back
from the nuclear attack.
“This is getting out of hand!” Okumura shouts to them all.
Yoshizawa nods hurriedly, “Please, just-!”
She doesn’t get to finish, as Yusuke lunges forward, making rapid slices with his sword,
forcing the two into a corner, and the thieves quickly take positions to surround them again.
Yoshizawa makes a frustrated sound at being interrupted, and tears off her mask, “Ella!
Makougaon!”
A powerful bless attack blooms like a flash bomb, and Futaba grits her teeth as she sees the
thieves’ health take an immediate dive.
“Hang on, guys!” She calls out, making some quick decisions, “Charging up!”

There’s a round of grins from everyone except Ann and Morgana, who are looking more and
more hesitant by the second.
“I don’t think this is going anywhere!” Morgana yells to them all, and Futaba ignores him.
Because this is it, these are the people that killed her mom, and she wants, she wantsShe doesn’t know what she wants- she wants to hurt them? She can’t tell. She doesn’t know
because she doesn’t have any time to think but she needs this all to stop right now and the
only way to do that is“Milady, triple down!” Okumura shouts, and even though Futaba managed to decrease their
attack, the bullets still pierce the thieves and send half of them straight to the ground.
Okumura claps her hand against Yoshizawa’s, and though she looks hesitant, she still reaches
for her mask.
“Vorpal blade!” She calls, and only Ann and Yusuke are left standing.
“Please,” Yoshizawa calls again, not pressing her advantage and instead lowering her sword
slightly as her mask rematerialises over her face. “We don’t want to fight- we just want to
talk in the real world. I-” She falters, and then draws herself back up, summoning some
confidence, “If we keep fighting, we will win.”
“Surely what we’re asking isn’t that much.” Okumura says quietly, her voice carrying easily.
Ann falters, as Yusuke keeps a hand on his sword, not moving to strike but not backing down.
“Are you really letting them just talk?” Futaba hisses.
“What do we even accomplish by fighting them, though!” Ann hisses back, sounding
frazzled, “What, are we trying to kill them?”
Yes- no- Futaba doesn’t know what she wants. So, she clenches her fists, and waits for
Makoto and the others to get back to their feet.
“We stoppin’? Ryuji asks, wincing as he has to put weight on his bad leg.
Futaba sees Makoto press her lips together. “We’ll just go in circles if we reopen
negotiations.” She warns, though she doesn’t move to attack.
“Negotiations never started.” Okumura points out coldly, “We were asking for a neutral
ground to begin talking.”
“Leblanc is hardly a neutral ground for the two of you.” Yusuke points out, raising an
eyebrow.
“Then it should be better for you, shouldn’t it?” Okumura says with a sigh, “I don’t
understand why you’re so resistant to this.”
“We’re being cautious.” Makoto snaps, “You offering to talk in a space that leaves you at a
disadvantage leads me to believe you’re planning something.”

“We aren’t!” Yoshizawa says, like that helps, “And Leblanc doesn’t really… leave us at a
disadvantage. It’s just convenient.”
“Convenient for what?” Morgana asks.
“It’s not in public.” Okumura says, “And I assume that it’s easy for Goro-kun and Ren-kun to
arrive quickly, if they’re not already there.”
“I don’t trust them.” Futaba murmurs, even though she can’t say why, because she still
doesn’t knowMakoto tenses and untenses, looking to be weighing her options. “How about,” She starts,
and then presses her lips together in frustration, “Just- answer my questions and then I’ll
make a decision.”
“How merciful.” Okumura says flatly.
Makoto glares, and sighs, “You said Crow is important to this. Why?”
“If we explained that, it would defeat the purpose of us wanting him to be here.” Okumura
fires back breezily.
“It’s just- he’ll want to be here for this conversation.” Yoshizawa offers instead.
Makoto doesn’t look satisfied with the response, but she moves on, “I take that you’re both
still adamant about not being the black masks we’re looking for?”
“Yes.” Yoshizawa responds immediately with a nod, “There’s- a lot of stuff going on, but the
two of us have never killed anyone.”
“Where did you hear about the black mask?” Ryuji chimes in.
“Um, I first heard it from Madarame’s shadow.” Yoshizawa explains, and the thieves all
exchange bewildered looks, “After I heard you sent another calling card, I followed you into
the palace. I got confused, since my mask is, well,” She smiles sheepishly, “But he wasn’t
talking about me. I’ve never actually interacted with him. And then, I figured out what the
black mask was doing in the Metaverse by hearing what Kaneshiro’s shadow said to you all.”
“You’ve really been stalking us, huh?” Morgana mutters.
Yoshizawa flushes, “I’m sorry! But- I- well.” She grimaces, “I wasn’t sure what else to do.”
Makoto looks to be having a hard time keeping her patience. “Let me guess,” She says,
sardonically, “You can’t explain why you didn’t just come clean until we leave and wait for
Joker and Crow.”
Yoshizawa winces, “…Yes. Sorry.”
Futaba doesn’t know what to think.

Now that the adrenaline has worn off; the anger and desperation has evaporated, leaving only
aimless confusion in its wake. She doesn’t trust them, because how could she? There’s
nothing here that’s adding up, and maybe Yoshizawa and Okumura didn’t kill her mom, and
she just overreacted for nothing- but maybe they did and what ifFutaba freezes as something pings on her sensors.
Down below, Makoto looks to be having a hard time restraining herself from reengaging the
fight, “Is Crow’s presence really so important that you-”
Morgana’s ears flick up suddenly in alarm, “Guys-”
“Guys,” Futaba interrupts him, panic gripping her again, “It’d be cool to keep this going, but
I don’t think we’re getting a choice.”
Yusuke’s brows furrow, “What are you-” He cuts himself off when the sound of clinking
chains reverberates through the tunnel.
All the colour drains from Yoshizawa’s face, “We can’t fight that thing.” She squeaks.
Okumura looks confused, “Why, what is it-?”
“You know what!” Futaba interjects, dropping down from Necronomicon and racing towards
Morgana, “Now’s not the time! We have to go, go, go!”
The rattling chains get louder, and everyone starts into action. Makoto almost seems to
hesitate, eyeing Yoshizawa and Okumura before she shakes out of it.
“You two are coming with us.” She snaps at them, and Yoshizawa nods furiously.
“Yes! That’s fine!” She says quickly, “Better than fighting the Reaper!”
“Morgana…!” Futaba hisses.
“We have Goho-m’s!” Morgana yells back, “That’s way faster than driving!”
“Well we can’t use them if we get into a fight- so someone hurry up!” Futaba shouts, looking
frantically between the thieves, even giving Yoshizawa and Okumura a desperate look in
hopes they may have something.
Both Ann and Okumura start digging through their own items. The chains get louder.
“I wish we had Joker’s pockets,” Ann whines, sounding panicked, and Futaba nearly bites
clean through her lip as the red dot on her sensors gets ever closer, “He never has to dig
through stuff- he just gets to grab it- I think I found it!”
She doesn’t get a chance to use it, as a thunderous bang echoes through the tunnel, and a
bullet slices clean through Ann’s shoulder, and the reaper tears around the corner.
Ann screams, and drops the device, immediately buckling to the floor.

“Shit, Panther!” Ryuji yelps, rushing to catch her.
“Morgana!” Makoto shouts.
“Holy- Get in!” Morgana yells, transforming into a car faster than Futaba’s ever seen him
manage. All the thieves rush to enter, and no one complains when Yoshizawa and Okumura
do the same.
Futaba is first to grab shotgun -easier to navigate that way- but before anyone else can join
her in the van, curse energy gathers faster than Futaba can shout a warning, and Yoshizawa
and Makoto drop unconscious.
“I-it has insta-kill spells!” Futaba wails.
“Violet!” Okumura exclaims, grabbing a hold of Yoshizawa as she passes out halfway
through the door. Okumura bites her lip, looking frantically at the unconscious party
members, and straightens up, “I’ll drive!” She declares, rushing around to the other side of
the car, tone broking no room for argument.
“I don’t care who does it, just get moving!” Morgana shouts over the radio, Ryuji and Yusuke
quickly moving to shove Ann, Makoto, and Yoshizawa in the back seat, before piling in
themselves.
“Everyone in?” Okumura asks, not waiting for a response before she slams the pedal down,
the Monabus lurching forward, nearly stalling from the acceleration.
“You’ll have to get around the reaper somehow!” Futaba shouts over the engine, “It’s
blocking our only path up! We’ll just get cornered if we try to go back the other way!”
Okumura responds by pushing the acceleration even harder somehow, “Is it weak to
anything?”
“Nope!”
She presses her lips together, “Kitagawa-kun, Sakamoto-kun! Can any of your abilities make
a smokescreen of some kind?”
“Oh, shit!” Futaba yelps, “Fox, make a wall of ice! Then Skull, you know what to do!”
“I do?!” Ryuji yelps, not hesitating to lean out the window despite his protest.
Fox leans out of the opposite window, entire body tense as he places a hand on his mask, and
Okumura swerves to avoid a fierce blast of wind from the reaper, taking the bus for a loop as
there’s no way to proceed.
“On my mark!” Okumura shouts, drifting at such a sharp angle that Futaba thinks the bus
might topple over, “Three, two, one… now!”
Yusuke wastes no time throwing his mask to the side, “Kamu Susano-o! Mabufula!”

A sharp crack, and a shatter, as ice blankets the ground in bursts, dangerously close to the
Monabus as it veers as far away as it can from the reaper. Ryuji grins like he gets the idea.
“Get em’, Saiten Taisei!” He calls down, and the monkey king himself brings his staff down
in a sharp crack, the ice shattering into a cloud of shards, filling the air with a blizzard.
Okumura immediately presses the advantage, using the momentum from the drift to propel
them all forwards and away from the reaper.
“It’s hot on our tail!” Futaba warns, “If someone could get Queen and Panther back up!”
“Violet as well, if you would.” Okumura adds primly.
“Shit, shit, shit, Panther had all the items,” Ryuji mutters, leaning back to rummage through
Ann’s things in a way that Futaba is sure she’d find funny is she wasn’t hyperventilating.
Another crash, fire, this time, that misses the bus by a hair.
“I don’t think I can tank a hit!” Morgana shouts.
“Then you won’t get hit.” Okumura says, hands tightening around the steering wheel.
“Found em’!” Ryuji calls, waving a revive item, and giving it to Makoto.
Makoto gasps awake, and startles as a blast after blast of lightning crashes around, Okumura
turning the steering wheel at hard angles to swerve just out of the way.
“We need to lose it in the tunnels somewhere.” Futaba says, trying to type at her console even
with shaking hands, “T-there’s a loop around here, maybe we can…?”
“I can be a decoy.” Makoto speaks up, hauling herself to sit up.
Futaba tenses, and Yusuke frowns, “Are you sure that’s wise?” He cautions, which Futaba is
pretty sure actually means that’s a terrible idea.
“Johanna’s faster than Morgana.” Makoto says firmly, “I can outrun it easily if I just distract
it.”
Ryuji lets out another whoop of triumph as he finds another restorative, and Ann blinks back
into consciousness with a groan.
In the corner of Futaba’s eye, she sees Okumura press her lips together, “Are you certain?”
“Yes.” Makoto fires back without hesitation.
“There’s a fork in the tunnels coming up,” Futaba adds nervously, “Um, one of the tunnels is
longer than the other, but it reconnects-”
“Perfect.” Makoto says, clambering over to join Yusuke in the middle row of seats, “I’ll taunt
the reaper to follow me down the longer tunnel, and I’ll rejoin you at the end.

“Woah, wait, what’re we talking about?” Ann says abruptly, slightly slurred.
No one gets the chance to respond as a wave of nuclear heat crashes over the bus, the actual
fission even closer than the last burst of magic.
“It’s gaining!” Futaba shouts, and behind her she hears another cheer from Ryuji, and a gasp,
as Yoshizawa rejoins the waking world.
“How close is the tunnel you mentioned?” Okumura fires off, as she takes a hard right to drift
around a corner.
“Right there!” Futaba points, straight ahead, “I’d give up thirty seconds, tops!”
Makoto wastes no time kicking the side door open, throwing her mask off to summon
Johanna. The motorcycle materialises to the side of the bus, already accelerating, and Makoto
inhales sharply, and leaps, catching the handlebars to throw herself onto the seats of her
persona.
The motorcycle accelerates even faster with the added weight, and Makoto leans into the
movement, already pulling ahead. Back in the car, Yusuke rushes to close the side door, the
drag already slowing them down.
“We need to make sure it’s Niijima-san that gets targeted!” Noir shouts back.
“Oh, um!” Yoshizawa blinks, and scrambles to sit up, “It’ll target you more if you look like a
threat! Buffs and things! And if you were the last to attack it!”
Futaba feels a grin spread across her face, and she snickers as she cracks her knuckles, “Now
that I can do!” She doesn’t summon Necronomicon in its entirety, but she smashes down key
after key on her console to pump Makoto with every buff she has at her disposal.
“Queen!” Futaba calls, projecting her voice into Makoto’s mind, “Hit it with nuclear!
Apparently this thing likes revenge attacks!”
“Panther,” She hears Yusuke say, “If you would follow my lead.”
“Got it!” Is the quick response.
Outside the window, Makoto’s eyes flick towards the bus, and she gives a thumbs up. She
does a quick spin, slowing down only slightly to send a wave of nuclear energy in the sparks
flying across the ground from her tires’ skid, the reaper barely flinching as Futaba can see it
cast concentrate on itself, flying forward even faster.
“Alright, get ready!” Futaba yells as the forked tunnel approaches.
“Now!” She hears Yusuke shout, as both he and Ann duck their heads out a window,
throwing their masks off in tandem. They both shout for their personas as the Monabus crests
into the tunnel, fire and ice colliding as one to create a hissing wall of steam, shielding the
entrance, creating even more incentive for the reaper to fall for their plan.

“Oh, nice work!” Yoshizawa praises excitedly.
Futaba lets out a whoop as the reaper dashes after Makoto in the other tunnel, excitement
dissipating as she watches the signals of Makoto and the reaper with bated breath.
“Do we need to run through all of Mementos?” Okumura asks, voice showing the first sign of
worry since any of the fights began.
Futaba shakes her head, “No, we just need to get to the platform, so that- oh, shit-” She cuts
herself off to send another speed buff to Makoto through the tunnel.
“If we make it to the platform then the reaper won’t be able to follow us long enough for us
to use a Goho-m.” Yoshizawa finishes for her, and she jumps in realisation, “Oh, here- I’ll get
one ready!”
“Incoming!” Futaba says in alarm, “We’re about to meet back up with Queen! Mona, get
ready for a bumpy ride!”
“Gotcha!” Morgana yells his assent over the radio.
The tunnel widens, and Futaba sees Makoto shoot forward like a bullet to race alongside the
bus.
“Platform’s up ahead!” Futaba announces in triumph.
“Brace yourselves!” Okumura shouts, and makes a small, sharp, turn against one of the
subway tracks, launching the bus into the air with the momentum. Morgana transforms midair, and everyone gets thrown, hard, against the platform wall, smashing against tile and
benches with cries of pain.
Makoto leaps up to join them, and Yoshizawa scrambles to her feet.
“Everyone get together!” She shouts, and wastes no time cracking the Goho-m in her palm,
andThe thieves and the black masks vanish, and rematerialise in a flash and a bang, and they all
go spilling across the cracked tiles of the top floor of Mementos.
***
Akechi doesn’t hear the rest of the shadow’s words, as he blinks away the vision, spots in his
eyes. His body feels even heavier than before- he can barely lift his arms.
He squints to clear his vision, scowling at the expression of light concern painted on the
shadow’s face.
“Are you alright?” Maruki’s shadow asks, and chuckles slightly, “That was a bit
unexpected.”

“Fuck off.” Akechi hisses, slowly reaching a hand up to rub at his temples. He grimaces,
“What- what were we talking about?” He mumbles.
Chess. He had been playing chess with- Ren? It was winter, he’s sure, butVisions. Right.
“Don’t worry about it.” Maruki’s shadow says, waving a hand dismissively, “I got my
answer, anyway, and there are other things for us to talk about.”
“Like what?” Akechi spits, putting all his energy into a withering glare.
The shadow tilts his head, ignoring the venom, “Well, beyond your own memories, there are
some other things that are a bit different, this time.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Such as?”
The shadow frowns slightly, “There’s… something that keeps trying to alter this place.
There’s not a lot it can do, since, well,” He laughs sheepishly, the picture of modesty, “I’m
the ruler of this palace, among other things.”
“Get on with it.” Akechi snaps.
“Right,” The shadow startles, “There’s not a lot… whatever this thing is can do. But, in the
spaces of this palace where the other me’s cognition has shifted from last timeline, this thing
keeps trying to mess with the space. Would you… happen to know anything about that?”
The second the question is asked, Akechi knows that Maruki is fishing for an answer from
his thoughts, rather than his mouth. But, even that knowledge can’t stop the gears from
turning in his head, the conclusions blooming in little bursts of clarity.
The topography of Okumura and Sugimura’s palaces is strange, like all the ground they’ve
covered hasn’t even broached past the lobby. Since they’ve started each respective
infiltration, neither of the men’s shadows have made an appearance, not even in passing or
over a loudspeaker like Okumura is so wont to do within his space port. It’s almost as if there
are some mystery requirements that neither group meet, that stretches the space between
palace sections, stalling for time.
But- Akechi has explored Okumura’s palace before. He knows that place well, has it mapped
in his head, and yet it has undergone such a drastic change, seemingly overnight.
And now Maruki is implying that an outside influence may have a hand in this.
Akechi’s thoughts stray to the god resting at the bottom of Mementos before he can grind the
clockwork to a halt.
“Ah, I see.” Maruki’s shadow says, leaning forward, “I had heard of that…” He chuckles, “I
never came into contact with it, of course. But what you’re thinking is definitely a
possibility!”

Shit.
The shadow continues, “Honestly, it’s so simple now that you mention it,” Akechi bites back
a retort about how he didn’t mention shit, “I’m surprised I didn’t think of it earlier.”
“Is this really such a revelation to you?” Akechi bites out.
Maruki’s shadow smiles, “A little.” He hums, “I think I can work with this.” He stands from
his desk, walking around to give a small, polite, bow, “Thank you, Akechi-kun. I think this
discussion has been quite helpful.”
“Discussion.” Akechi mocks, and sneers, “I’m sure a brick wall would have sufficed.”
Maruki laughs like that’s the funniest thing he’s heard all week. “You diminish your own
value. But, there’s no need to draw this out any further. Oh! But, before I leave,”
He walks over to stand right in front of Akechi, and Akechi tenses.
Maruki’s shadow hums, golden eyes narrowing, “I think I can tell what it wants. And- huh! I
think it’s what you want, too. Amamiya-kun, as well!” He smiles cheerfully, delighted at the
coincidence that he hasn’t voiced, “I don’t think it always wanted that, though- you’re all
trying to untangle… You know, I think I might give that a little push. I only want what’s best
for you, after all, and I really do think this could help you. And… hm. Yes. This could be
convenient.”
“What the fuck are you-” Akechi starts to snarl, before the room shimmers at its edges.
He doesn’t feel any different. But- fuck, fuck, what just happened?
The shadow must sense his alarm, because he waves his hands placatingly, “Don’t worry! I
didn’t edit your cognition or anything! I’m honestly not sure if I can with you,” Like that
fucking means anything, how would Akechi even be able to tell- “There were just a lot of
tangled threads lying around that I, uh, sorted? I’ve only edited things on the metaphysical
level, not anything to do with you.”
“Fucking liar.” Akechi snarls, jolting his body as he tries again to stand.
“You’ll thank me later!” Maruki says confidently, and he vanishes in a blink.
Akechi feels like he can move again.
“Fuck!” He shouts, leaping off the couch and starting to pace.
“Fuck,” He repeats, “Shit- Robin? Loki?” He calls to the empty air.
We’re still here. Robin reassures.
THE PIECE OF SHIT WASN’T LYING. Loki says, THIS TIME, AT LEAST. BUT
NOTHING ABOUT US IS OUT OF PLACE.

Akechi stutters on a nod, relaxing despite himself. He rummages through the cracks in his
heart, searching forShiji-Ouki and Mithras remain untouched, ready and waiting should Akechi ever call.
Nothing else feels wrong- he’ll have to ask Sumire some questions, maybe she’ll be able to
tellAs Akechi runs through everything about himself, physical, mental, or whatever else, he
pauses as he reaches the arcana, shifting and swaying against his insides.
They’re different. Something’s different, it’sNot quite. The arcana themselves don’t feel any different, but where they’re positioned is…
off. More organised. Less of a tangled mess.
And the Justice rests in a neat little bundle, dead centre.
And, unprompted, it cracks,
And grows to its tenth rank.
It feels final- it feels whole, AndSomething falls into place.
***
A cascade of things already dreamed, shifting and transient, all fold in layers to build a
foundation of memory.
A foundation is not needed, perhaps, when the knowledge in its entirety could simply be
dropped all at once, like a sack of bricks, uncaring of the mind it burdens and the surface it
cracks. But, there is a kindness afforded. By whom, and for who’s benefit? It’s hard to say.
But, ultimately, it doesn’t matter.
It doesn’t matter, because the final thing that clicks into place is a herald of futility all the
same.
He had already dreamed of February- Akechi remembers this, now. Of the anger, the
treachery, and the persistent whispers of why that existed in erratic jabs.
He did not, however, dream of the resigned calm that followed. The methodical way he had
marched towards Odaiba, one foot after the other, tap, tap, tap, all the way until he was faced
with the twisting and towering wreath of steel.
He didn’t bother tearing through the palace. There was no victory to flaunt- he simply
allowed the Nav to take him directly to his destination. The stairs that appeared around the
great tree at the centre of Eden were accompanied only by a soft sigh.

Akechi hadn’t bothered with words. Maruki hadn’t, either, he had simply given Akechi a
mournful look, dripping with pity, and the fight had ended quickly.
The fight was quick. The end of Akechi’s life was not. Perhaps Maruki was too much of a
coward to finish the job, peace-loving as he is, or perhaps he had some delusion that
anything that happened to Akechi from then on didn’t matter, since he would just be dragged
back to the realm of the living on strings come the fourth anyway.
But, until then, he had been left to draw rasping breaths, wet with blood, vision swirling and
dimming, velvet blue at the edges; whether from the blood loss or the fracturing of reality he
couldn’t say.
But the finality of that last memory doesn’t matter.
The Justice, as soon as it twists in knots to form a blood oath, tilts on its side.
And Akechi is left in an empty room, a door shimmering into place where there was none
before, grappling with a sudden clarity, two instances of the Justice bound and braided into
one.
There’s nothing he can do but tilt his head back and laugh.
What a cosmic joke, to become the punchline of.
***
Sumire feels her knees scrape painfully against the top floor of Mementos, the speed at which
the teleportation occurs not allowing for the time to catch herself. No one else fares any
better- landing at odd angles and on sharp protrusions that Sumire winces at in sympathy.
But despite the rough landing, they’re here. And, very much still alive.
Sumire puffs out her cheeks and blows out a long, relieved, breath.
She nearly jumps as Noir pats her shoulder, smile looking almost giddy.
“That was exciting!” Noir says with a giggle, “I was so worried for a minute, there.”
“Me too.” Sumire confesses, breathless, “That was… a lot.”
The thieves around them clamber to their feet, rubbing at aching sides and necks. There’s a
tense silence that blankets the group now that the imminent danger has passed- and yet,
Sumire realises with some relief, it doesn’t seem actively hostile.
Queen straightens up, her shoulders stiff and her fists clenching and unclenching. She looks
to be unsure how to proceed, and Sumire is thankful at least that she isn’t immediately launch
back into a fight. Oracle stands a ways back, and looks to be just avoiding eye contact, rather
than egging on the potential fight.
So, an improvement.

“Your plan worked wonderfully, Niijima-san.” Noir says with a tentative smile, and Sumire
hastens to nod eagerly, “I think we made it out because of you.”
Queen looks like she doesn’t know how to respond, opening and closing her mouth a few
times, before she untenses slightly. “You can call me Queen. While we’re in the Metaverse.”
Noir nods, “Queen, then.”
“Uh, what about you guys?” Panther pipes up with a forced smile, “You guys were calling
each other codenames too, yeah?”
“Oh, yes!” Sumire brightens, “I’m Violet, and Haru-senpai goes by Noir.”
“I… take that you already know all our codenames?” Queen asks, and some of the tension
returns.
Skull groans, “Are we just gonna talk in circles again?”
“Queen, Oracle,” Mona starts, “I really think we should just talk in the real world. If we get
into another fight...”
“We really don’t want to fight you guys!” Sumire quickly adds, even though she’s fairly
certain that she’s tried to make that point at least three times.
Queen sighs slightly, “I… agree. I acted…” She trails off, looking embarrassed, “Oracle?
What do you think?”
Oracle still avoids looking at anyone directly, and she shrugs, “Whatever. I don’t care.” She
mumbles.
“Then it seems that it’s settled.” Fox says, smiling slightly, “Let’s return to the real world and
make our way to Leblanc.”
Skull makes a face, “Are you sayin’ we could’ve avoided all that-”
Panther thwacks him on the arm, “Not now.” She mutters.
And that seems to be the end of that. No one makes any complaints as everyone moves to
huddle in together as Queen takes out her phone and activates the Nav. The red hues of
Mementos melt away into the bright and overexposed lights of the Shibuya subway station.
Thankfully, no one looks their way as a crowd of teenagers stumble to regain their balance.
Immediately, half the thieves’ eyes lock onto Sumire and Haru, more curious than aggressive,
and Sumire wonders if they’re surprised that they haven’t tried to run.
Sumire smiles sheepishly to try and assuage what she assumes are their fears, and jumps
slightly as Makoto lets out a frustrated huff.
“That’s odd.” She says, glaring at her phone, “I… can’t get through to Ren or Akechi-kun.”

“Huh?” Ann exclaims, looking alarmed.
“Um, I can try…?” Sumire says, reaching for her phone to dial Goro’s number. She pauses as
she sees a slew of missed calls and a message in the group chat warning her and Haru to
avoid Mementos today.
Well. A bit late.
She presses her lips together and starts the call.
The number you are trying to reach is…
Sumire frowns, “I… can’t reach them either.”
“Maybe they’re going through a tunnel…?” Morgana suggests, leaping up into Futaba’s
arms, “Phone service cuts out when you do that, right?”
Around the loaf of cat in her arms, Futaba starts rapidly typing at her phone, “I don’t think
so.” She says quietly, and Sumire can barely understand her mumbles, “I have Ren’s phone
bugged, and this is like… if he shut off his phone or something. I can check where he last
was if I can get to my desktop, but…” She trails off, petting Morgana almost aggressively,
“Let’s just go to Leblanc. Maybe they’ll be there.”
Makoto nods slowly, “Right.” She says, and gestures vaguely towards the direction of the
trainline heading to Yongen-Jaya.
The train ride is- well, the train ride is mostly fine. Sumire thinks it might be because there’s
nowhere to run on a train. The stiff walk to Leblanc, however, is accompanied by at least
three pairs of eyes on Sumire and Haru at any given point- which Sumire supposes is fair,
given that the two of them haven’t really done anything to diminish the thieves’ suspicions,
but she can’t help but feel nervous.
Sojiro blinks at the large crowd when they reach Leblanc.
“You’re back,” He observes.
“Hello, Boss.” Makoto steps forward, “Um, are Ren and Akechi-kun here?”
Sojiro frowns, “No, but I would’ve figured you kids would be able to find out where they are
pretty easy.”
“Their phones are off.” Futaba pipes up from the back of the crowd.
Sojiro frowns, then raises an eyebrow, then shrugs, “Well. I guess you can wait for em’
upstairs.”
Makoto does a half-successful job of hiding her worry, but Sojiro doesn’t comment, “I- right.
Thank you, Boss.”

“Not a problem.” He fires back with a dismissive hand wave as Sumire, Haru, and the thieves
all file into the attic.
Sumire idly remembers that the last time she was here, it was February third. It looks exactly
the same, plus or minus a few trinkets.
She takes a deep breath.
Haru moves first to clear the blockage on the stairwell, delicately smoothing down her skirt
and taking a seat on the couch. She pats the space next to her, and Sumire quickly follows.
As everyone settles in, Haru straightens up.
“Well.” She starts, softly, “I suppose there’s nothing to do but wait.”
***
Ren would like some time.
He’d like all the time in the world- a precious resource which he doesn’t have. He’d like
time, to process the two years in his head, twisting and overlapping so much that he can’t tell
what happened when. Conflicting thoughts and emotions all bubble and react, spitting fire
when they touch, and RenHe’s in Maruki’s palace. He knows he’s in Maruki’s palace, because it’s October third, and
October third has always meant this discovery.
This reflection ought to be saved for later. Arsène advises, and sets off another tangent- shit,
Arsène knew, didn’t he? This whole time and not a single wordTo say I knew would not be entirely accurate, comes the protest, You knew, deep down, that
something was wrong, and yet neither of us could say what it was.
Ah, but now.
Now.
Now, Ren needs toHe needs to find Kasumi- No, he needs to find Akechi- Goro?
“It’s October third.” Ren says aloud, to the empty air, hauling himself to his feet and
staggering as he tries to move, “The thieves went into Mementos. We got here because the
Nav picked up our conversation. K-Akechi is in here somewhere and I need to find him.”
He continues muttering what he hopes is true to himself like a mantra, as he braces himself
against the wall and begins dragging his feet.
The Justice shudders, and Ren grasps it like a lifeline. It’s caught somewhere Ren can’t place,
but it’s the only bond that doesn’t give him a headache to think about.

With the Justice as a tether, Ren starts pushing forward.
Steady, Metatron’s voice chimes, and oh, wonderful, he’s here too, You aren’t far.
Ren passes by rows and rows of doors- were these here before? Not before, but before- If Ren
doesn’t stop thinking he thinks he might pass out.
He knows Akechi isn’t in them, but he opens the doors anyway, and ignores the tightening of
his chest at the sight of the pristine counselling rooms, ready and waiting, and RenRen pushes ahead, closing the door behind him with a quiet click.
The tether grows taught, and Ren nearly collapses from relief. Okay. Okay, that wasn’t so farnow he and Goro can get the hell out of here and Ren won’t have to think- not about
February, not about January, not about any of the months that came before, not now, he’s not
readyHe opens the door.
Another room, similar to all those before it, though this one looks like it’s been hit by a
cyclone. Chairs overturned, the desk hacked to bits, dirt strewn about from the pots, and
marks of claws and swords that carve into every inch of the once-pristine office.
And in the centre, Akechi glares at his handiwork.
Ren’s first instinct is to call out, grab him by the hand and go, but he freezes.
Black and blue, stripes, belts, and red, and- Ren already knew this, this isn’t a surprise; it
feels downright normal to see, butHe thought Goro was still pretending. But thenAkechi’s head snaps up, “You.” He snarls.
Ren forgot the Justice goes both ways.
“Akechi,” He chokes out, taking a tentative step forward, “I- hey, are you okay-”
Ren barely manages to stumble back as a blur of blackbluered nearly takes off his head. He
stumbles out into the hallway as Goro lunges forward with a growl.
“Fucking traitor!” He roars, and Ren feels his mind start to race.
Deflect. “Goro- Goro, we can do this later-”
“Don’t call me that!” Akechi snaps, rushing forward, claws and teeth.
Try again. “Akechi- We have to go-”
“Oh, do we?” Akechi snarls, stalking forward as Ren backs away, “You want to go back to
the real world, is that it? Now?”

Change tactics. “I- look, Akechi, I’m sorry, but-” is he?
“If you were sorry,” Akechi growls, pouncing on the hesitation, body suddenly eerily still,
“Then we wouldn’t be here.” His lips curl into something sharp and furious, “I’m going to
kill you, Joker.”
Ren’s heart clenches, “Goro-”
“Call of Chaos!”
Ren flinches away from the explosion of red and black that clings to Akechi’s form like a
shroud- twitching and pulsing as Loki laughs from above, Akechi’s face splitting a grin.
Ren barely brings his dagger up in time to parry away the sword that goes straight for his
throat, ducking to avoid the second attack that mirrors the first.
“Akechi!” Ren shouts, tearing off his mask to summon Metatron as a barrier, “Please, just-”
Just what? He knows Akechi won’t listen.
True to form, Akechi barrels past the angel like he didn’t hear a word Ren said, clipping
Ren’s side with a slash of his claws, taking blood and muscle with it. Ren cries out, and
instinctually grabs at the wound.
“Sloppy, Joker.” Akechi jeers, barely even sounding human with the madness that drips from
his voice, “Are you even trying?”
Ren grits his teeth, and reaches for his mask again, half-remembered names swirling; Maria,
Yoshitsune, Alice, Cybele, Odin- he has everything he worked for in the year prior, he canAh, but Akechi has all he worked for, too, and Ren gasps in pain as a Laevateinn nearly tears
his arm clean from his shoulder, Akechi cackling in delight.
“M-Maria-!” Ren gasps, Metatron’s form dissipating, replaced with white marble and a
healing light, and Ren’s arm is stitched back into place.
Akechi pauses in his assault to chuckle lowly, “You seem frazzled, Joker.” He grins,
“Something the matter?”
“I don’t want to fight you.” Ren snaps, taking the opportunity to dash even further back,
meeting the end of the hallway, and tumbling into the open foyer of the palace.
Akechi’s face twists in fury, “You piece of shit,” He snarls, low and guttural, “You think you
can run from this? Fight back!”
“Would you just stop?!” Ren yells, feeling desperation claw in his chest, “Goro-”
“Don’t fucking call me that!”
Ren’s face hardens, and he stops dashing back to stand his ground, “Goro.” He repeats.

With a shriek, and a display of strength Ren isn’t prepared for or capable of countering,
Akechi lunges, and bashes Ren in the solar plexus, immediately knocking all the air from his
lungs.
Ren stumbles back, choking on a breath, and Akechi leaps forward and pins Ren to the
ground with his entire weight, eyes blown wide and furious. He moves faster than Ren can
think of something, anything, to say, and he can’t breathe as Akechi presses his serrated
sword against Ren’s throat with a low sound, something between a growl and a chuckle, and
Ren knows he’s lostBut then Akechi hesitates.
Ren doesn’t move to struggle, the edge of the sword tapping against his throat as he breathes
heavily. Akechi’s body is all sharp lines and hard angles, drawn tense like a spring, and it
would be so easy for him to slit Ren’s throat in one fluid movement, and yetAkechi’s eyes are still a pulsing red, swimming in the artificial psychosis, and Ren doesn’t
think he’s all there, butVery slowly, he reaches for the hand that Akechi’s using to grip at his sword, fist clenched so
tightly that Ren thinks it might break. He tentatively, lightly, brushes his fingers over
Akechi’s, and grimaces, when the words he tries to say come out as an unintelligible rasp.
I’m sorry, he wants to say, I can fix this, I can fix this, I’m sorry, IBut choking on blood and air doesn’t equate to meaning, and Ren doesn’t say a thing.
Goro’s glare doesn’t abate, nor does the red in his eyes, but something passes over his
expression, and Ren tries to give a small smile.
Too fast to react to, Goro lets out a scream of frustration, removing the blade from Ren’s neck
and slamming it into the ground, cracking the tile, wrenching it away faster than Ren can
gasp, and then he’s gone.
And Ren is left, alone, in the heavenly, clinical, white of Maruki’s palace, now marred with
blood and fury, still struggling to breathe.

Chapter End Notes

My favourite kind of shuake is the kind where they divorce before they even start dating
<-- me, writing this chapter
someone joked about the PT and the bmtrio running into the reaper, and I want you to
know that that's been in my notes since before I started writing chapter one of this fic
HAHA- what would a Mementos showdown be without the reaper to break up the fight?

October third is... almost done. just one more chapter until these people can get out of
scripted encounter hell
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Yay! Another rank 10! Everything is going so well :D
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank 10
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 4
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank 10
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank 10
___
Maruki: I'm a pacifist!
Akechi: Great. Does that mean I can take your treasure and leave?
Maruki: Oh, no. It just means that I'm not going to injure you enough to kill you.
Horrific maiming is free game, though!

Chapter 47
Chapter Summary

The aftermath.

Chapter Notes

CW: Self harm, panic attacks
More detailed CW's in the end notes!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

After ten minutes pass of the waiting game in Leblanc’s attic, Sumire starts to get a little
restless.
She can tell everyone else is, too; Ryuji’s leg bounces with more speed than Sumire’s ever
seen it before, Ann scrolls though her phone with furious intensity, and everyone else sits
with an expression more befitting of a funeral than an interrogation.
Sumire and Haru, meanwhile, sit stiff and unmoving, waiting for something to happen.
“Should we, like,” Ann starts, “Go look for them or something?”
“I’m starting to get a little worried.” Makoto agrees. She turns to Futaba, “Can you…?”
Futaba taps her fingers against her knees, “I could figure out where they last were,” She
reminds them, “But…” She draws herself up slightly, “I-I wanna ask some questions first.”
“They’ve made it clear that they aren’t going to answer anything without our missing
teammates present.” Yusuke points out before Sumire gets the chance.
“What were you guys doin’ in Mementos, though?” Ryuji says abruptly, his accusatory tone
not quite masked by his affable demeanour, “You don’t need Joker and Crow here to tell us
that, do ya?”
“We were trying to find a way to get past the door.” Sumire says truthfully.
“And blow off some steam.” Haru chimes in, “Destroying shadows is excellent stress relief,
I’ve found.”

Futaba mutters something under her breath, which goes ignored.
“I’m with Ann and Makoto.” Ryuji quickly changes the subject with all the grace of a
sledgehammer, “Is it really like Ren and Akechi to just up and vanish without letting us
know?”
“I’m gonna go ask how long they’ve been gone.” Ann says, standing up abruptly and jogging
down the stairs.
“They wouldn’t have been able to contact us while we were in Mementos.” Morgana says,
turning to Ryuji.
“Yeah, but they know that- wouldn’t they have left a note, or somethin’?” Ryuji fires back,
scratching the back of his neck.
“Perhaps they didn’t expect to become unavailable.” Haru adds, and everyone swivels to look
at her, “They wouldn’t have felt the need to leave a note if they thought they could be
contacted at any time, right?”
“But…” Makoto winces, “That would imply something happened to them.”
There’s a pause, and Ann comes bounding up the stairs, “Um,” She starts, grabbing
everyone’s attention, “Boss says that they left about five or ten minutes after we did.”
Makoto’s expression grows more grim, “That’s… quite the amount of time to be missing. We
were in Mementos for over three hours.”
Haru grimaces suddenly, “It’s that late?” She mutters, glancing out the window.
“I’m starting to get worried.” Sumire confesses, voice hushed.
Futaba hums quietly in something that might be agreement, glancing down at her phone. She
yelps suddenly, and stands up so fast that her chair falls over, “Uh, Ren’s phone went back
online!” She shouts, “-Fifteen minutes ago?! Ugh, I need to get faster network times for this
thing-” She trails off, mumbling to herself.
“Where is he?” Makoto asks quickly, cutting off Futaba’s hushed monologue.
“O-oh, right,” She stutters, “Umm… Odaiba? Or, well, he was in Odaiba, but he’s almost
here now!”
Sumire feels her face drain of colour.
“Um,” She squeaks, “Do you know where, exactly? In Odaiba?”
Futaba makes a face, rapidly typing something on her phone, “Near this construction site
thing- wait, what? They’re turning it into a stadium? I thought they were building a lab!”
“Why do you ask?” Yusuke turns to Sumire, eyes narrowed.

“Because there’s a palace at that stadium,” She says weakly, “And it’s a really bad one.”
In the silence that follows Sumire’s declaration, the sound of Leblanc’s bell chimes
downstairs, and a single pair of footsteps taps up the stairs.
Ren pauses at the top of the attic stairs, and it’s with a numb sense of déjà vu that Sumire
thinks he looks like the world is ending.
***
Ren feels like the world is ending.
He doesn’t remember how he got back to Leblanc. Hell, he doesn’t even remember how he
managed to leave Maruki’s palace, but he must have left, because as he blinks he sees the
stunned faces of all the Phantom Thieves looking at him expectantly.
Why are they in the attic, the only person he saw today was Kasumi- Sumire. Sumire, he
reminds himself, and he did see the other thieves today, heIt’s October third, Ren repeats in his head, It’s October third- the second October third; he
tries to sort each day into its first and second occurrence to unscramble his memories.
But, he doesn’t have time for that.
“Ren,” Makoto says, standing abruptly, “I’m glad you’re here- we were starting to get
worried.”
Ren swallows, “Right.”
“Uh- a lot of stuff’s happened.” Morgana starts slowly, and Ren holds back a snort, “First
things first, I guess, we found Okumura and Yoshizawa in Mementos, and they both have
black masks.”
Ren blinks slowly. Yeah, of course they have black masks; Morgana was there when Haru
awakened, and Sumire awakened todayFocus.
The second Ren rearranges his memories in the correct order, he freezes.
What the fuck?
Exactly why everything feels so off clicks into place. Ren doesn’t bother holding back his
snort, this time.
Everyone gives him a bewildered look, as one snort dissolves into two, and then into
breathless, hysterical chuckles.
“I- Ren-senpai.” Sumire stands up, wincing as she knocks her knees on the table, “Please, I
need you to listen to me- Haru-senpai and I aren’t murderers-”

“I know,” Ren murmurs around his rasps, “I know.”
“Wait, what?” Ryuji blinks, “But, Ren, didn’t you…?” He trails off, and the thieves exchange
confused looks.
Everything is so different, this time. Haru didn’t join them to take down her father- no, Akechi
joined; but he didn’t want them to target Okumura? Wasn’t the thieves targeting the man the
point? And SumireRen chokes on his laughter. Oh, god, Sumire.
Slithering from underneath the tangled wreck of his bonds, the Faith cracks, shifts, shatters,
until it’s strung up back into place, a blood oath once more. It’s like it never left.
“Ren.” Makoto’s voice cuts into his numb shock, “What’s- why are you laughing?” She
sounds almost nervous.
“Well,” Ren chuckles weakly, feeling the line between laughs and sobs blur, “Everything’s
kind of gone to shit. But, um.” He huffs weakly, “They’re- they’re telling the truth. They’ve
never killed anyone.”
He gets why Akechi had burst into laughter over Ren’s suspicions of Sumire, now. The very
thought is so entirely ridiculous that Ren wants to kick himself for ever thinking it.
Sumire’s eyes widen at the answer, looking as though gears are turning behind her eyes.
“Ren-kun,” Haru says tentatively, “Where’s Goro-kun? Were the two of you not together?”
Ren smiles grimly, “Yeah, uh, we were.”
Ann laughs uncomfortably, “Hey, Ren? What’s going on? You’re really freaking me out…”
Ren grimaces, and ignores the nausea that starts to roil in his gut.
He locks eyes with Sumire.
“You remember, don’t you?” She whispers, voice cutting through the room like a knife.
Ren turns away, some cocktail of shame guilt and dread creeping through his insides, and he
smiles weakly in affirmation. Sumire looks horrified, and clasps her hands over her mouth,
any expression aside from shock entirely unreadable.
“Remember what…?” Futaba asks, voice equally quiet.
“Where’s Goro?” Sumire blurts, thankfully redirecting the conversation before Ren has to
formulate a response to Futaba’s question.
“I don’t know.” He says, voice cracking, “I- he’s really not happy with me, right know, so-”
“Goro remembers too?” Sumire gasps, her face brightening.

“Sure does.” Ren says, clenching his fists and glaring holes into the ground.
“What are you both talking about!?” Morgana yowls, flicking his tail indignantly.
“Ren-kun.” Haru pipes up, “When you say Goro-kun ‘isn’t happy with you’, do you
mean…?” She tilts her head inquisitively.
“That he wants me dead?” Ren blurts with incredulous laughter, “Definitely! I probably
deserve it, too.” He mumbles, the weight of everything finally tumbling onto his shoulders.
God, what the hell has he done?
Somewhere, Metatron burns with a grim satisfaction.
“He what?!” Ryuji yelps, and Ren remembers there are other people in the room.
“I assume that was an exaggeration?” Yusuke says, looking fairly confident. He falters when
Ren doesn’t say anything.
“Ren, what on earth are you saying?” Ann gasps, eyes wide, “Akechi- he- you’re joking,
right?”
Futaba is frozen stock still, a horrified understanding creeping up her face, looking as pale as
she did when Ren first met her.
“D-do you know where he is?” Sumire stutters out.
Ren shakes his head mutely. “No.” He mumbles, “Um, he almost- you know- but then he left
the palace.”
If Ren were to be charitable to himself, he’d say that Akechi didn’t slit his throat because he
doesn’t really hate Ren, he’s just angry; he’ll get over itBut Ren has seen firsthand evidence, time and time again, that Akechi doesn’t just get over
things.
Makoto’s eyes widen, “A palace? So you were…” She furrows her brows, “Why on earth did
you go to the Metaverse?” She demands, though Ren can tell she’s scrambling.
“We didn’t mean to.” Ren protests weakly, “And -don’t worry about it- the whole…” He
waves a hand, “Visions thing isn’t going to be a problem anymore.”
Sumire shoves her hand into one of her pockets and shakingly takes out her phone, putting it
to her ear. After a beat, she puts it down. “Goro still isn’t answering his phone.” She says
quietly.
“Are any of you going to explain anything?” Morgana cuts across, “What do you mean the
visions aren’t a problem anymore? What do you mean Akechi wants you dead?”
Ren opens his mouth, and clicks it shut.

Explaining would mean talking about Akechi. It would mean talking about Maruki,
Yaldabaoth, Shido, Sae, Okumura, Sumire, and he can’t.
“You all need to leave.” Ren says, clenching his fists tighter and looking up, “I’m not doing
this right now.”
Something akin to disappointment passes over Sumire’s face, but after a beat she nods, and
stands with a small sigh, Haru blinking in light confusion before following suit.
“B-but they could be the black masks! Or- we still haven’t asked them-” Futaba blurts, and
cuts herself off, finally speaking up, pointing at Haru and Sumire as they freeze.
Ren grips the bridge of his nose, “They haven’t done anything. It’s-” He’s not talking about
this right now. “Everyone just get out. I need-” Time. But he never gets time. He’s already
wasted so much of it but he’s not doing this.
Makoto looks shocked, “Ren, you- Are you seriously just-?”
“Dude…” Ryuji mutters.
“How can you be so sure it isn’t them?” Yusuke asks, and Ren presses his lips together, “It
was you who was so suspicious of Yoshizawa-san, initially.”
No need to rub it in, Ren thinks. He responds only with a shrug, and a pointed look.
Sumire startles back to movement after a short beat, and awkwardly shuffles towards the attic
stairs. She pauses as she stands next to Ren. With a sharp inhale, and a huff, she whirls
around to face Ren with a confident expression, betrayed slightly by her shaking hands.
“You-!” She starts, then takes another deep breath, “I need your phone number. To contact
you. And-” She swallows, “You owe me, so-!”
That startles a defeated laugh out of Ren, “Yeah, I-” He cuts himself off, and takes out his
phone to exchange numbers with her, “I’m…” He starts again, “I’m really sorry, Sumire.”
Sumire doesn’t seem to know what to do with that, as her eyes go wide, and she presses her
lips together. She stutters on a nod, and rushes down the stairs. Haru follows her out, and
gives Ren a look as she does.
“H- wait.” Ren calls after her, and Haru pauses, “Do you remember too?”
Haru’s sharp expression softens slightly, “No,” She says, shaking her head, “Sumi-chan was
the only one up until now.” She pauses, “But we did… figure out why you did what you did
while we were in Mementos today.”
That could mean a lot of things. Ren assumes it’s the worst one.
“Right.” Ren murmurs, “I- thank you.”
Haru nods, and turns back around to leave.

And then Ren is faced with the indignant and bewildered expressions of the rest of the
thieves. Ren just stares them down. He made his point clear; he thinks.
Futaba stiffly bolts from the room after a beat, and Ren winces as he thinks she might be
crying.
“Futaba-” Ann starts, and groans. She shoots a look at Ren as she runs after her.
Morgana flicks his tail, “Did you want me to leave too?” He asks, voice small.
Ren nods. “Not forever. Just tonight.” He murmurs, remembering how he managed to fuck up
with Morgana in both timelines.
Morgana seems to appreciate the reassurance, as his drooping ears perk up slightly. “I’ll stay
with Futaba.” He says as he dashes out of the attic.
“You’re all seriously just leaving?” Makoto says incredulously to the space where Futaba,
Ann, and Morgana used to be. She turns to Yusuke and Ryuji for backup.
“I’m afraid I’d like at least some kind of explanation.” Yusuke says, giving Ren a sharp look
and folding his arms, “You’ve said some rather alarming things.”
“Yeah dude- you’re… you’re kidding, right? When you say Akechi wants you dead?” Ryuji
says, looking hurt and confused.
Ren presses his lips together in a weak grimace, “Let’s just say Crow definitely won’t want to
help us anymore.”
Ryuji’s eyes widen, and his expression catches between a couple different emotions, “Shit.”
He mutters, and Ren has to agree with the sentiment.
“What about Okumura’s palace?” Makoto cuts in, looking more and more stressed by the
second.
Ren startles, “Oh, we’re not going back in.”
Yusuke frowns, “Why?”
That would require explaining. “None of us will like what happens if we do that.” Ren says.
Come to think of it, the topography of Okumura’s palace has been really strange- he’s not
thinking about it. Ren rubs a hand across his face, “Just- look. If you’re desperate for
answers, ask Sumire or Haru. They’re telling the truth. Or Akechi. He might kill you,
though.”
“You’re joking, right?” Makoto asks sharply with a glare.
“Yes.” Ren says. It’s not a lie. He doubts Akechi is even a fraction as furious at the other
thieves as he is with Ren. “Please leave.” He repeats.

Ryuji sighs, and hauls himself out of his chair, giving Ren an unreadable look as he passes by
him to leave. Yusuke frowns, but leaves without complaint.
Which leaves just Makoto.
“How long until you explain everything?” She demands.
“Just-” Ren scrunches his face, “A bit. Don’t worry, I’m not just-”
Running? Metatron suggests, and Ren ignores him.
Makoto glares at him for a few seconds, before she finally deflates. “Fine.” She mutters,
“Fine! But you’d better have an explanation ready.”
Ren snorts, “Sure. Or you could just talk to Sumire.”
“I think I might.” Makoto fires back, hastily gathering her things and striding towards the
stairs.
After a moment, the bell above Leblanc’s door chimes, and Ren is alone.
***
There are too many thoughts fighting for precedent within Akechi’s head.
Ren, Ren, why couldn’t he kill him? Akechi almost fucking had him, and still- Why, why,
why, Akechi hates him so much-Maruki that absolute piece of shit. Akechi doesn’t know what he did, but- (Sumire lied to
him) Maruki killed him? Yes. Yes, that’s right- a second time- No, it’s- It’s October. It’s
February. It’s-Shido. Akechi nearly collapses from the sheer physical wave of rage that wracks his body as
the trinity of everything he despises is completed in his head.
He remembers- He turned himself psychotic. (when?) In Maruki’s palace. He won, he won,
Ren didn’t stand a fucking chance- (why couldn’t he kill him?) It doesn’t matter. The
psychosis hasn’t worn off, and Akechi’s head buzzes with thought after thought after thought
that slices through his brain, one after another in an eclectic cacophony.
Robin Hood and Loki are buried beneath the static.
That’s fine. It hardly matters.
Akechi should have killed Maruki when he had the chance. But, no, no, wait, Maruki is still
just a man. He does still have a chance- whatever god complex his shadow is sporting doesn’t
translate to bullet proofing in reality.
And it is reality.

It’sAkechi tastes blood and chokes on air, a gasp shuddering through his body as he nearly bites
clean through his lip.
Right. Right. This isThis is real. All of this is real- it’s not some bullshit puppet show for a madman anymoreAkechi remembers, abruptly, that he is still alive.
Air floods and escapes his lungs in short bursts, and Akechi claws his mask off of his face,
(He can’t remember when he entered the Metaverse- did he ever leave?) And sinks his
clawed hands into the flesh and muscle of his arms, shredding through skin and searching for
boneIt hurts, he realises with delight, it hurts,
A short laugh interrupts his heaving breaths. Then another, and another, until he’s left
cackling at nothing, gouging chunks out of his arms, red staining through black and blue.
The stench of iron and sea salt assaults his senses, and it’s so familiar that Akechi realises
where he’s ended up.
Ha. Haha,
Good, he thinks, eyes finally zeroing in on the churning seas of blood that crash against the
cruiser that parts the sea with undeserved arrogance, good. He needs to kill something,
someone, and Akechi doesn’t remember how he got here, but he must say that it’s the only
piece of good fortune he’s been afforded all day.
Akechi peels his gauntlets out from where they’ve carved valleys into his arms, and staggers
to his feet.
“I know you’re there,” Akechi drawls, shouting to the air as he stumbles into the ship’s lobby,
“Why don’t you come out and chat?”
Akechi would love to give a piece of his mind to the thing that killed him the first time.
He feels Robin and Loki twitch and thrash beneath the frozen lake of static in his head, and
his mouth splits a smile in response.
He doesn’t need to be careful at all- killing the cognition of himself shouldn’t have any
negative consequences in the slightest, because Shido already knows. He already knows! All
that work, all that suffering, every single piece that Akechi carved out of himself, and it was
all for nothing.
It’s downright hysterical.

Akechi covers his mouth with his bloodied gauntlets as more helpless snickers spill from his
lips. He collapses his weight against the entrance, ignoring the swarms of cognitions as much
as they ignore him.
“What’s so funny?”
Except one.
Akechi doesn’t even turn around before digging the barrel of his gun into the cognition’s
chest. He turns his head a second after, and is met with a politely raised eyebrow.
“Do you greet all your acquaintances this way?” The cognition asks mildly.
“Just you.” Akechi lies, smiling manically with all his teeth. He drops the expression, and
pushes forward, gun still pressed between the thing’s ribs, “Now-” He cuts himself off, as the
weight of everything he wants to scream gets caught on his tongue.
Shido already knows, he realises again, and this time the psychosis isn’t enough to shield him
from how much that guts him. Shido knows exactly who, what, Akechi is and still heHeHe doesn’tMortifyingly, Akechi doesn’t manage to stop a sob as it wracks his shoulders. His aim would
have faltered if it wasn’t braced against the cognition.
The cognition’s eyes crinkle into perfect, happy, little crescents, entirely uncanny, as it
chuckles breathily, “Oh,” It says, “I think I know what this is about.”
With a shriek, Akechi cracks the end of his gun against the cognition’s jaw, grabbing it by the
collar and slamming it against the wall. Around them, airy chatter continues as though
nothing as changed.
“Shut up!” Akechi screams, face pressed nose to nose- except he fucking hates looking at this
thing, because all he can see is pipes, steam, red, the watertight bulkhead door has- and he
desperately wants to look away, but he can’tThe cognition only looks amused. Of course, of course! This thing doesn’t remember what it
did, Akechi knows, and yet it still looks so fucking smug.
How did Sumire ever stand this? Akechi wonders. By lying, he thinks, perhaps uncharitably.
He can’t bring himself to care.
“You know, if you keep this up,” The cognition drawls airily, “Then the captain might catch
wind of your exploits.” It says, like it’s reading from a script, like it’s fishing for an answer it
already knows.
“The captain,” Akechi growls, pushing the cognition even further against the wall, “Is well
aware of everything I plan on doing to him.”

The cognition’s eyes shine, “Oh!” It gasps, and Akechi makes sure to dig his gauntlets
painfully into it shoulder, ignoring the ache in his own arms, “You’ve finally caught on!”
The cognition’s face goes abruptly blank. It tilts its head, appraising, and Akechi suddenly
can’t quite remember where he is.
“I suppose that means you’ve outlived your usefulness, then.” The cognition says, voice
entirely flat, and Akechi’s breath stutters (Did you really think you’d be spared after-)
His body is too stiff to counter when the cognition moves, faster and with far more strength
than it’s displayed in this timeline, repaying the favour for the earlier gun to the face, and
Akechi staggers back with a shout, blinking stars out of his eyes.
“Time’s up.” The cognition says, idly flicking the safety on and off its own gun, why didn’t
Akechi see the gun- “It’s been entertaining.”
Akechi lunges forward, grasping at his sword with two hands, aiming to skewer the cognition
right through the stomach. He manages to clips its side as it just barely manages to dodge out
of the way, body twisting at an angle toA bang, (The watertight bulkhead-) and a burst of pain blooms in the meat of Akechi’s right
shoulder. He just barely manages to clamp his scream on his teeth rather than his tongue, and
he drops his sword, reaching for his gun with shaking hands.
Another bang, and Akechi feels his teeth crack with the force he grits them with. He can’t
move, heSumire will be upset if he dies, he thinks, unbidden. Haru will be upset if he dies, which is
such a strange thought to have, wrapped up in the swirling miasma of conflicting memories,
that Akechi snaps out of his stupor.
He manages to wrap his left hand around the gun at his hip, letting his right arm hang limp,
and he fires before he gets the chance to think.
The cognition gasps, rage burning across its face as its knees buckle with a bullet lodged in
its thigh. Akechi pushes his advantage, rushing forward to bash it into the ground.
He jams the barrel of his gun against the underside of the cognition’s chin, and the cognition
bares its teeth, warped with the awkward angle.
It laughs weakly, a bruise already blooming across its cheek, the fight leaving its body as
Akechi grinds metal further against its jaw, his hands gipping at its hair to lock its head into
place.
It grins. "You wanted him to love you, right?" The cognition asks, conversationally.
Akechi freezes.
"That's why you were waiting to tell him who you were," It continues, rasping around the
shape of a gun against its windpipe. "You thought that maybe, maybe, if he knew who you

were, he'd regret it. He'd finally love you." The cognition laughs, "Is that why you’ve put it
off so long? Were you afraid it wouldn't change anything? That he wouldn't care?"
"Shut up," Akechi whispers.
The cognition sighs, "It's a shame," It says dispassionately, "All that struggle. And now you
know- the captain doesn't care. He knew this whole time and he doesn't give a single shit." It
grins, "What are you going to do, now that you know? Did you come here to die?" It asks,
looking delighted.
“Clearly not.” Akechi grits out, tugging harder on the cognition’s hair.
It winces, and then covers it up with a condescending tsk, “Is that so? Then why are you
hesitating?”
Akechi pulls the trigger, and the cognition evaporates into black smoke.
Another brick cracks within the Tower’s foundations, and it grows to rank five.
Akechi nearly breaks his fist on the ground as he screams at nothing.
***
Sumire is equal parts relieved and frustrated that Ren told everyone to get out yesterday.
Frustrated, because every uncharitable thought she’s ever had about Ren this past year is
swimming just under her tongue, itching to break past. Why does he get to run from this, this
is his faultBut, at the same time, Sumire knows exactly what it’s like to suddenly be the subject of time
travel, and she needed some time as well.
And now she knows exactly what Ren nearly ended the world for, too. Well, she doesn’t
know for sure – she didn’t ask when she had the chance – But given that it’s the only thing
that makes sense, and that apparently Goro’s first instinct upon regaining his memories was
to try and murder Ren, She’s almost certain in her assumption’s accuracy.
(She still doesn’t know where Goro is. He hasn’t been responding to texts, or calls, or
anything, and Sumire is-)
It was easier to feel angry, when she felt Ren’s actions had no purpose behind them – When it
was simply a callous and careless cruelty that held no further meaning.
It was easier, and yet, even still, she’sFurious. Sympathetic. Dreading what’s to come.
A hot mess, too.
So, she’ll be patient.

Sumire taps her fingers against the edge of her desk, finding herself completely unable to
concentrate in class.
Okay. Maybe she won't be patient. But she’ll wait, anyway.
As the bell rings for break, Sumire comes to the realisation that the thieves are not willing to
extend the same courtesy.
On her way to the roof, hoping to distract herself with helping Haru garden, Ann and Ryuji
corner her in the stairwell.
“Sumire-chan, wait up!” Ann calls after her with forced cheer.
Sumire sighs, and stops walking.
“We gotta ask some questions” Ryuji says as the two of them catch up.
“Did you ask Ren-senpai…?” Sumire asks, in a poor attempt to deflect before this
conversation gets out of hand.
Ann grimaces, “I- well, no- but-”
“He looks like someone told him his grandma died.” Ryuji finishes bluntly, “And I’m not
lookin’ to make my bro cry, so."
Sumire laughs weakly. “Well…”
Ryuji’s eyes widen, “Shit, did his grandma actually die?”
Sumire blinks, “What?”
Ann sighs loudly, and elbows Ryuji in the ribs, “Before that, I think we need to apologise.”
Sumire freezes. “Oh.” She gapes dumbly, not having expected this at all. “Oh, you don’t have
to-” She cuts herself off. They, what? don’t have to apologise for accusing her of murder?
Well, she’d never demand an apology, but she probably shouldn’t stop them, either.
Ann shakes her head furiously, “No, we’re sorry. Um,” She grimaces, “We’re still a little
confused about…”
“Everything.” Ryuji offers.
“Everything,” Ann agrees, “But Ren seemed pretty sure that you’re not,” A supernatural
assassin, are the words that cannot be said in a school stairwell, “And we all attacked you
without sitting down and thinking first, so.” She inhales sharply, and bows at a ninety-degree
angle, Her blonde pigtails bobbing with the motion, “We’re really sorry!”
“Yeah,” Ryuji tacks on, giving an awkward little bow of his own, “Uh, I definitely didn’t help
anything back then. I kinda jumped the gun.”

Sumire stares blankly at the two bowing thieves, before giving a tentative smile, “It’s okay,”
She says honestly, “It was… a bit stressful. But it all turned out okay in the end!”
For now, at least.
Ann straightens back up, and smiles genuinely, “Okay! Good!”
“And, uh, Okumura nearly took my head off, so we’re even?” Ryuji says stiltedly.
Sumire laughs at that, “I guess so.”
Ann presses her lips together, “We’ll go find her later. And, um, repeat this apology, I guess.”
She startles, “Oh! But first,”
Sumire sighs, and realises she isn’t out of the woods yet.
“So what’s going on?” Ann finishes, a cocktail of curiosity and worry mixed across her face.
“You won’t believe me if I tell you.” Sumire says bluntly. A half-lie – she has no idea what
Ann and Ryuji are willing to believe, she just doesn’t want to explain this alone, “So… I
guess when Ren-senpai and Goro call a meeting, we can all explain.”
Ryuji makes a face, “Dude. That could take years.”
He’s not wrong.
Sumire sighs, “Well, I don’t even know where Goro is right now, so…”
Ann’s eyes widen, “You don’t know where he is?”
Sumire shakes her head weakly, “Nope.” She says, a hopeless laugh spilling from her lips,
“I’ve tried contacting him, but…”
Ann and Ryuji exchange a look. Sumire bites at her lip, and waits for someone else to talk.
“Um.” Ryuji starts, looking suddenly sheepish, “Ren was joking when he said Akechi was
tryin’ to kill him, right?”
Sumire is pretty sure she remembers Ren saying explicitly that he wasn’t joking. Sumire also
knows that it took her arguably too long to figure out exactly what it is Goro does, so she
can’t really judge Ann and Ryuji for not immediately connecting the dots.
“Yes.” Sumire lies, stiltedly, because this isn’t a conversation for right now, nor is it one that
should take place in a school stairwell, “He was joking.” She shuffles uncomfortably, “Um,
can I go?”
Ann and Ryuji don’t look particularly convinced, but they both sigh in a way that at least
shows they’re willing to back off.
Sumire gives a grateful nod of her head, and freezes when another voice wafts up the stairs.

“Sumire-chan?” Makoto calls, cresting into view, “Would it be possible to talk in the student
council room?”
Ann and Ryuji both grimace, and shoot Sumire sympathetic and apologetic looks, before
mumbling their goodbyes and rushing past Makoto.
Sumire presses her lips together, and allows herself to feel a little impressed at her own
ability to hold it together so far, “…Do I have to?” She asks, and winces at how childish that
sounds.
“I must insist.” Makoto says firmly.
Great.
Sumire resigns herself to her fate, and doesn’t deign to respond as she gestures for Makoto to
lead the way.
Taking a seat in the student council room, Sumire knits her fingers together, and stares at the
table.
“Ren is refusing to give anything resembling an explanation,” Makoto starts, tone more
clipped now that they’re in private, “So I’m hoping you could shed some light on this
situation.”
Sumire hadn’t been expecting an apology from any of the thieves, but now that Ann and
Ryuji have given one, she feels a little put out that Makoto doesn’t want to do the same.
“I really… can’t.” Sumire says quietly.
Makoto’s face twitches, “What do you mean you can’t?” She says, slow and patient, like
she’s dealing with a misbehaving child.
Sumire shifts uncomfortably, “I mean you won’t believe me. I- I’m waiting for Ren-senpai
and Goro.”
“Try me.” Makoto snaps, “You can’t just… say I won’t believe you, when-”
“I’m not telling you right now.” Sumire interrupts, summoning the dregs of her confidence,
“There’s- a lot of stuff that I don’t think is my place to say.”
Makoto stands up so quickly that her chair nearly falls over, and slams her hands on the table,
“That’s not good enough!” She shouts, “I’m not an idiot- Even if you and Haru-san aren’t
murderers you clearly know who is, and,” She takes a sharp breath, “I’m not an idiot.” She
repeats, “No one knows where Akechi-kun is, and what Ren said all but confirms that he’s-”
She cuts herself off, face twisting.
“…Makoto-senpai?” Sumire asks tentatively.
Makoto collapses back into her chair, and buries her face in her palms, shoulders shaking
slightly. “I think I’m an idiot.” She confesses, voice wet, “Akechi was lying this whole time,

and I didn’t even notice,” She looks up, and shoots Sumire something that could be a glare if
it weren’t so defeated, “You were lying this whole time, and I just-”
“I- I wasn’t trying to lie!” Sumire says hurriedly, “It was mostly just… lying by omission?”
“That’s still lying.” Makoto snaps without much heat, burying her face further into her hands,
“And I- What am I even doing?”
Silence follows the question, as Sumire doesn’t know what to say.
“I don’t know what I’m doing either.” Sumire admits, softly, trying to connect, “And, um,
everything’s going to turn out okay, I think.”
Not true. Sumire doesn’t know in the slightest if everything is going to be fine. There are so
many moving parts to all of this, a puzzle that can only be arranged with all three
participants, and one of them isn’t in a state to do anything resembling a logic puzzle and the
other is missing, and Sumire is caught in the middle with no way to move forward.
Makoto must understand some of that, at least, because she doesn’t seem comforted.
“People have died.” Makoto mutters under her breath, “People are going to keep dying, and
you’re all acting like we have all the time in the world, like we can reason with someone
who-”
Sumire thinks there might be a misconception in place, about what the real problem is. But
she can’t correct it without explaining everything that has come before, soShe sits, and waits.
***
Ren is having a bad day.
An understatement, really. But, what he’s feeling ultimately boils down to that.
He thought a good night’s rest would help. It has not.
Morgana took one look at him in the morning and decided to room in Ann’s desk instead,
which Ren supposes is fair. He ignores how it kind of stings.
He’s spent the majority of the day ignoring everything that’s been buzzing in his head, trying
to focus on class despite the revelation that he suddenly remembers all the material.
He remembers, in a split second of dread, to avoid the nurse’s office as well.
But, beyond that, he doesn’t think about Maruki (Ren doesn’t want to see him ever againwhat if they run into each other, what if Maruki chases him down, what if-), He doesn’t think
about Akechi (Goro? He gave Ren permission to use that name, before, but Ren doesn’t know
what etiquette they’re working with, and if he thinks about it for more than one second he’ll
come to the conclusion that the courtesy is most certainly revoked no matter what.), Doesn’t

think about Sumire (She was here, remembering, this whole time, and it’s all Ren’s fault. All
that admiration and all he ever gave her in return was a knife in the back), and, all in all, just
doesn’t think.
But he does. Think, that is. Ren’s certain he used to be better at lying to himself.
And that’s the problem, isn’t it?
Ren feels as though there was a seal placed over some part of his brain, that kept all his
apathy, selfishness, and despair neatly tucked away in the recesses of his mind; easy to
ignore, easy to hide, easy to plaster with pretty words like ‘thoughtful’ and ‘patient’ and ‘a
good listener’ – so easy to hide, in fact, that Ren didn’t even realise he was lying when he
said these things.
But, he thinks Maruki’s ultimatum took a knife to that thin sheet of foil and made sure to
leave it in ribbons.
So now,
Now,
Ren doesn’t know.
He’ll have to talk eventually.
When the final bell for the end of school rings, Ren has every intention ofNot running, justHis excuses don’t matter, because whatever he intended to do is interrupted when Sumire
walks up to him outside the school gates.
“Um…” She starts, voice hushed, “I- I don’t know where Goro is, right now,” What? A cold
stone of dread sinks in Ren’s stomach, “But I think we’re going to have to explain everything
without him.”
Ren’s throat feels dry. “What do you mean you don’t know where he is?” He asks, voice as
neutral as he can muster.
Sumire gives him an exasperated look, “I’m sure he’ll be okay.” She doesn’t sound like she
believes it, “He might need… space. If not from me, definitely from you.”
That’s fair. It still hurts.
“But I don’t think we can wait.” Sumire continues, “Everything- Everyone is falling apart, at
the moment. Um...” Her eyes flick downwards as she trails off, voice losing confidence.
Ren sighs slowly, and takes a long inhale to match, “…Today?” He asks.
“Today.” Sumire confirms.

Ren presses his lips together, and reaches for his phone. “I’ll tell everyone to meet at
Leblanc. You tell Haru.”
Ren knows this won’t end well.

Chapter End Notes

CW: A fairly graphic description of Akechi (And to a lesser extent, Ren) having an
extended panic attack, as well as self-harm (Akechi uses the gaunlets of his Metaverse
outfit to stab into his arms)
It's October 4th! that's not something persona fans usually celebrate, I'm aware
Ah, cognitive Akechi. I've missed that guy.
In other news, no one is okay HAHA
Socials! come say hey!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! We're back to our regularly scheduled confidant programming now that one
day is no longer spanning four (five?) chapters. The final arcana has also been added to
the roster! Congrats Sumi, you're back on the list. And not reversed, either! (Don't hold
your breath for the discussion on that one HAHA it's a ways away)
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 6
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 4
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 2
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 1
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX

Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sumire: So now that you remember everything, we should probably talk, right?
Ren: Oh, absolutely the fuck not.
Sumire: Honestly you're right idk what I was thinking

Chapter 48
Chapter Summary

Bonds, fate, and fusion

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren’s call for everyone to meet at Leblanc is met with various texts expressing sentiments of
relief, and Ren decides to focus on that rather than the dumpster fire this meeting is going to
be.
Sumire travels with him to Leblanc, likely because it would be more awkward to take a
different route.
(The Faith isn’t reversed, not like how the Justice sits in uncertainty, but Ren still feels like
he’s damaged something beyond repair)
By the time they arrive, everyone else – including Haru – is already there, waiting in the attic.
Their eager faces snap to attention as Ren and Sumire crest the top of the stairs.
Makoto, surprisingly, doesn’t take charge. Haru, rather, takes a sip from a mug she must have
borrowed from downstairs, and neatly folds her hands in her lap.
“Well.” She says, (and the Empress feels dull and hollow) “Shall we begin?”
***
Ren hates explaining. Ren hates talking, for that matter. An exaggeration – and not always
true, either – but it definitely applies here. He hates stuttering around long-winded sentences
that haven’t fully formed in his head before he has to push them out. He hates acting like this
in front of his friends. He hates not being what they think he is.
He finds himself shooting desperate glances at Sumire when his words fail him, or hoping
that someone will fill the silence when he says something that warrants a reaction.
His wish is granted (He internally winces at the phrasing) when he finally reaches one of two
elephants in the room.
“Time travel?” Makoto gapes, incredulous.
“Oh my god.” Futaba mutters, looking resigned.

Ann and Ryuji both splutter in shock, while Yusuke frowns contemplatively. It’s harder to tell
with Morgana, but he definitely doesn’t look happy.
“So that’s what all of your weird…” Futaba waves her hands, “Visions were?”
“Yeah.” Ren confirms with a short nod. “They weren’t… prophetic. They were bits and
pieces of stuff that already happened.”
“And I remembered the whole time.” Sumire tacks on awkwardly, “I awakened my persona
last year. Well.” She frowns, “You know what I mean. Technically yesterday, actually.”
“Trippy.” Futaba mumbles.
“So you’ve been changing the timeline.” Morgana says, turning to Sumire and flicking his
tail.
Sumire gives an awkward smile, “Not on purpose.” She pauses, “Well, some of it was on
purpose. But I had no idea what I was doing. I knew how things ended, but none of the
beginning or middle stuff.”
“So you were going into this experience relatively blind.” Yusuke muses.
Ann frowns, “Wait, so where do you come in?” She asks, turning to Haru.
Haru hums, a curious expression on her face, “I think Ren-kun could actually shed some light
on the differences in my roles between timelines. I don’t have any memories, myself.”
“Right.” Ren rubs the back of his neck, “You joined us for Okumura’s palace. Last time,
Morgana found you when he ran off.”
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, “I ran away last time, too?”
“Don’t worry about it.” Ren murmurs, giving him some scratches behind his ears.
“Wait, then why’d that change this time?” Ryuji cuts across, looking confused, “With Haru, I
mean.”
“It was Goro-kun who accidently pulled me into the Metaverse over the summer.” Haru
explains, “I saw him in the plaza outside Okumura Foods HQ, and walked close to him to say
hello.”
“He pulled me in too.” Sumire pipes up. She laughs uncomfortably, “I think that might have
been the result of, um, unintended consequences?”
Ren huffs a laugh, “I have no idea what you did. Akechi and Haru weren’t friends, last time.”
“I can imagine.” Haru comments mildly, and Ren grimaces. He supposes it isn’t a surprise
she already knows everything, given that she’s been running about the Metaverse with
Sumire.

“So-” Makoto starts, and swallows, “Why? Why the time travel.” She sighs, “What
happened?”
Sumire shrugs weakly, “I don’t know. How it happened, at least. Um,” She shoots Ren a look,
“I’m pretty sure I know why, though.”
“Right.” Ren murmurs, shrinking in on himself.
Makoto looks between them, “Well?” She prompts.
Ren sighs, “The world ended. Was about to end.”
A pause. And then, several shouts of panic and overlapping protests.
“It won’t happen this time!” Sumire hastily insists. She falters, before straightening back up,
“It won’t.”
“What the hell happened?!” Ryuji yelps, “The world endin’ is kinda on a different level from
the shit we know how to deal with!”
Ren presses his lips together, and once again begins to explain.
Takuto Maruki, he names, to everyone’s shock. But first, Yaldabaoth, he adds on, to varying
degrees of outrage.
He describes the false reality; miracles, left and right; wishes, granted; the dead, revived.
What was my wish? Every thief asks. Futaba and Makoto look uncomfortable as they hear of
their parents. Yusuke looks almost disgusted with himself as he hears about Madarame. Ryuji
and Ann get complicated looks when they hear of the damage done to them by Kamoshida
entirely unmade. Morgana’s ears flatten against his head when he hears of his wish to be
human.
“…What about you guys?” Ryuji asks tentatively.
“My father died, last time.” Haru begins, and the thieves exchange some looks of alarm, “So
my wish was for him to be brought back.”
Ren chooses not to share how he isn’t sure if that’s the entire truth. Though, by the look on
Haru’s face, he suspects she may be able to infer what her full wish might have been.
“Maruki granted my wish a long time before he took over reality.” Sumire starts slowly, “IAfter Kasumi died – my sister – I thought… it would be better if I was her, rather than
Sumire.” She presses her lips together, “So, he made me believe that I was Kasumi.”
“That’s so messed up.” Ann mutters.
Futaba shifts, tapping her fingers awkwardly against where her knees are tucked to her chest.
“What about you, Ren?”

Ren’s breath catches in his throat.
Sumire’s eyes flick to him, and then quickly away, as she folds her hands tightly in her lap.
Ren grimaces, “Well…” He starts slowly, and swallows, “I didn’t realise I had a wish, at
first.”
Makoto frowns, “How could you have just… not noticed? By the way you’ve described the
false reality, none of us could exactly cherry pick what to realise.”
“None of us noticed anything was wrong, either.” Sumire says quietly.
The thieves exchange confused looks, as Ren tries to get it together.
“So.” He says shortly, “Akechi died. Last time. And my wish was for him to be brought
back.”
“Oh.” Ann exclaims softly.
There’s an uncomfortable pause.
“We kind of already knew he died though, right?” Futaba mumbles, “With your weird vision
shit.”
“It doesn’t make it any less disturbing to hear.” Yusuke says simply, folding his arms.
“Why didn’t you notice something was wrong?” Makoto asks again, after another beat of
silence, “You noticed all the other dead people coming back, right?”
Ren shakes his head stiltedly, “We never…” He presses his lips into a thin line, “Saw. His
body.” He takes a shaky breath, “We just heard gunshots.” He laughs humourlessly, “I never
really believed he was actually dead, so when he showed up again…” He shrugs.
The tense silence settles again.
“How did this result in the end of the world?” Yusuke finally speaks up, “Was Maruki too
powerful to overcome?”
Haru and Sumire both give Ren pointed looks, and Ren feels the urge to sink into the floor.
Ren grimaces, “No… No, we could’ve beat him.” He admits.
Ryuji leans forward, expectant, “Then…?”
Ren bites the inside of his cheek, and looks up, “I accepted Maruki’s deal.”
In a bout of uncomfortable déjà vu, there’s a pause before chaos erupts.
The protests and panic all boil down to Why?

Ren shrugs weakly, avoiding eye contact again. “I didn’t know what my wish was until the
last second.”
Ren doesn’t look up to see what faces everyone else are making. He feels Sumire shift
uncomfortably at his side.
Ren takes a deep breath, and starts explaining the last timeline in more detail before anyone
can get a word in about what Ren did.
He’s rambling, probably, cutting the story into bits and pieces that are hardly comprehensible,
but he doesn’t care to hear anyone’s opinions on why he nearly ended the world, nor does he
care to see pity, worry, concern, fear- he doesn’t want to see it.
So he talks, and talks, until he finally reaches the second elephant in the room, which he’s
sure most everyone has already managed to piece together by the time he gets to that point.
Makoto’s face had twisted into something unreadable as he spoke about Sae’s palace, but
now she sits with barely concealed anger as Ren skirts around their gamble with the
interrogation room, unable to explain it without explaining that“So Akechi’s the black mask.” Futaba says before Ren gets the chance. Everyone shoots her a
look, and she glares right back. “What?” She mutters, “We’re all thinking it.”
Makoto lets out a sharp exhale in something that sounds almost like a bitter laugh.
Ryuji throws up his hands, “Well. What the eff?” He doesn’t sound like he’s actually asking
anything.
Ren unsticks his jaw, “You’re missing most of the story.” He says quietly, “He’s not- he needs
help. But I don’t know if he’ll…”
Let me, is the unfinished thought. Maybe Akechi would have let Ren in, before this. Maybe
this timeline was on track to being so much better than the last, but now…
Ren gets the feeling that he’ll be extremely lucky if he ever sees Akechi again.
“We’re helping him.” Sumire chimes in, “And Ren-senpai is right. You don’t have most of
the… context.”
“He killed my mom.” Futaba says quietly.
No one really has a response to that.
Ann tugs furiously at her hair, “W-well, if we don’t know anything, then can’t you guys tell
us? Why Akechi-kun is…” She trails off, as though not saying it will make it less real.
Haru sighs, “This is why I wanted Goro-kun to be here.”
“So you aren’t going to tell us?” Morgana asks, resigned.

“I hardly think we should be considering the feelings of someone who murdered innocent
people.” Makoto snaps.
“They weren’t all innocent.” Ren mutters against his better judgement.
“My Mom.” Futaba hisses, voice breaking.
Haru hums, “I’m not sure if I would count on that.” She says serenely, and several
scandalised looks get thrown her way.
“That’s- Why are you even working with someone like him?” Makoto says, voice almost a
shout, gesturing angrily to Haru and Sumire. She turns to glare at Ren, “And why are you
defending any of this?”
“Why do you think?” Ren snaps, and then shrinks in on himself, taking a long, deep, breath.
Sumire shifts slightly, wincing at Ren’s outburst, before she pastes on a tentative smile, “I’m
helping him because he’s my friend.” She says simply, “He’s trapped, and he doesn’t want to
have to do any of this. Sort of.” She smiles awkwardly, “Um, I also didn’t know about… all
this, when I first approached him in this timeline.”
Ren winces, “Oh.”
Sumire’s smile becomes a little more genuine, “It all turned out okay, in the end. But it was
definitely a bit of a shock.”
“So Akechi is working for someone?” Yusuke cuts across.
“He isn’t murdering people for the fun of it, no.” Haru answers primly.
“Then…?” Ann prompts.
Ren sighs slightly, weighing what is best to divulge.
Akechi’s mother – absolutely not, a complete breach of trust (like Ren hasn’t done that
already). Shido – Maybe? It might be necessary. Everything else -?
Ren abruptly realises that he doesn’t really know the whole story either.
He sighs, “Akechi’s working for his father.”
“His dad?” Ryuji exclaims. Yusuke frowns.
“I thought he was an orphan?” Makoto cuts in, sceptical.
“In the sense that his father doesn’t recognise Goro-kun as his son.” Haru explains.
“And I don’t think that he knows who Goro is, either…” Sumire mumbles.
“He does.” Ren corrects. “Or, he suspects.”

Sumire and Haru both go pale. “Shit.” Haru whispers.
“Wait, wait,” Ryuji waves his hands, “Why is he working for his dad?”
“Revenge.” Ren says, and smiles sheepishly at the confused looks that warrants, “It’s
complicated.”
“…Who’s his dad?” Futaba mumbles into her knees.
Ren looks between Haru and Sumire, silently asking for permission. They both incline their
heads slightly, an understanding that this information won’t stay hidden for long.
“Masayoshi Shido.” Ren says, and several eyes go wide with recognition.
“The politician?” Ann gasps.
“Who what now?” Ryuji says.
Ren waves his hands awkwardly, “Uh, he’s an up-and-coming guy. He’ll try and run for
prime minister at the end of the year.”
“And he’s the mastermind behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks.” Makoto
finishes dryly.
“Yeah.”
Morgana sighs. “Great.”
The rest of the explanation doesn’t have much more substance. There isn’t much to say – the
Phantom Thieves are reeling from some betrayal that Ren has had both months and a day and
a half to come to terms with. All that Haru and Sumire are willing to explain is that, well“You still don’t know where Goro is?” Ren whispers to Sumire, as the thieves go on another
argumentative tangent that Ren doesn’t have the energy to reign in. Futaba, interestingly, is
mostly silent.
Sumire shakes her head stiffly, “No. He- he’s not responding to calls or texts. They’re going
through, he’s just… not picking up.”
Ren nods, picking at his nails.
“If I may,” Haru interjects, as the thieves’ argument gets even more heated, “I think Sumichan and I may be able to find him.”
***
Sumire blinks, surprised. “We can?”
Haru nods, “Yes. I know his address. He gave it to me when he offered his place as a way to
escape my fiancé if it got that bad.”

Ren winces, “Right. Are you…?”
“We’re working on it.” Sumire says simply. She presses her lips together, thinking.
She doesn’t know how to go forward. This is a mess. This would be a mess even if at least
one thing was going right, and yet they’ve landed themselves in a mess.
This would all be so much easier ifBut they can’t. Goro definitely wouldn’t want to, and Sumire isn’t sure if she’s ready, either.
“We’re working on Haru-senpai’s fiancé’s palace.” Sumire explains, “Um, no offence, Rensenpai, but I don’t think you’ll be able to help us with this.”
Ren’s face twists, like he wants to protest. “Are you sure?” He says, slowly.
“Goro-kun’s first instinct upon remembering was to attempt to kill you, remember?” Haru
says delicately, “Do you really think you can work together? Besides, we can handle it.”
Ren winces at the reminder, but eventually swallows, and nods. “Okay,” He murmurs,
“Okay.”
Sumire lets out a breath she didn’t realise she was holding, relieved that at least one thing has
been put on the back burner. She pauses. “Oh, and, Ren-senpai? Um, could you… not go into
Okumura’s palace anymore?”
Ren’s eyes widen with understanding, “Oh. Right. Yeah. Don’t worry, I wasn’t going to.” He
gives the thieves a look, frowning, and turns back to Sumire, “You and Haru can leave, if you
want. I’ll… kick them out at some point, I guess.” He gestures to the thieves.
Haru hums, and nods. “What are you going to do?”
Ren curls in on himself, “I don’t know.”
Sumire chuckles humourlessly. She doesn’t know, either.
***
In what seems to be a recurring pattern lately, Akechi doesn’t remember how he got off the
ship.
He can only hope he did it somewhat discretely. He’d hate to have to deal with whatever
scandal would be brought about if he were seen staggering through the streets of Tokyo in a
dissociative state, nursing a couple of bullet wounds and whatever he managed to gouge out
of his arms.
Cognitive bullets, thankfully, do not persist into reality. Whatever flesh and muscle they
displaced, however, absolutely does – though-

“By the looks of it, injuries in the cognitive world are only as intense as you let them be when
you return to reality.” A bright laugh, “So I guess you just need to stop thinking so hard,
Goro!”
Right.
So, Akechi supposes he can at least be marginally thankful for the state he’s in. At the very
least, he hasn’t bled out yet in the time it took to regain some semblance of consciousness
between today and yesterday.
Robin Hood and Loki have yet to breach the static. It’s been a long time since they’ve been
under for longer than a day.
As he mechanically treats what injuries he can, sat uncomfortably on the tile of his bathroom
floor, Akechi blinks at his phone as it buzzes.
Sumire is calling him. He lets the phone go to voicemail.
She calls him again. He pointedly hangs up before it can ring out.
A few text messages chime through.
Sumire: please pick up the phone
Sumire: haru-senpai and i are coming over
That gets Akechi’s attention. Before he can think about it he texts back a response.
Akechi: Don’t.
Sumire: you’re okay!
Akechi rolls his eyes.
Akechi: Don’t come over.
Akechi: I’m fine.
He ignores how he’s dripping blood on the tiles as he texts.
There’s a pause, dots appearing and disappearing as Sumire seems to be formulating a
response.
Sumire: i cant tell if you’re lying to me or not
Akechi scoffs to the empty air.
Akechi: I’m not letting you in if you come over, so don’t bother.
Akechi: Please stop talking to me.

He can’t quite tell how he feels about the last message as he sends it. Robin and Loki aren’t
here to tell him off, so he does it anyway.
There’s another pause.
Sumire: okay
Sumire: but we’re coming over tomorrow
Akechi belatedly realises that Sumire probably knows everything that’s happening. He
wonders what’s happened with the thieves, and decides that he doesn’t care.
Akechi: I won’t let you in tomorrow, either.
Sumire: we’re still coming over!
Akechi sneers, and tosses his phone against the floor, going back to sewing up the holes in
his arms and shoulder. He wishes he had a back-alley doctor for this shit. He feels a burst of
anger, knowing that Ren has one, and then quickly resolves to not think about Ren.
His phone buzzes again.
Akechi groans, and debates whether temporarily blocking Sumire’s number would be too
extreme. He cuts off the train of thought as he sees the number of his screen, and scowls.
He hangs up, and wonders why the fuck Ann Takamaki of all people thinks it’s a good idea to
try and call him.
She, perhaps unsurprisingly, immediately tries to call him again.
Akechi ignores her calls five times before he grabs his phone with a growl and jams it against
his ear.
“What fucking part of the first five times I hung up on you made you think that trying again
would work?” Akechi snarls into the receiver.
“Oh, shit, you picked up!” Takamaki cheers, sounding delighted, pointedly ignoring Akechi’s
tone. She laughs, “And it did work, didn’t it?”
“I’m hanging up now. And I’m blocking your number.”
“Wait, wait!” Takamaki blurts with such desperation that Akechi actually pauses. “Can you
at least explain what’s going on?”
“What? Amamiya didn’t tell you everything the second he stumbled back to Leblanc?”
Akechi sneers.
“Uh, not really. But also kind of?” Takamaki’s voice pitches up in a sing-song manner, “Ren,
Haru-san, and Sumire-chan explained everything like… an hour ago, but we kind of got hung
up on the time travel and the fact you’re the black mask?”

Well. At least everyone’s up to speed. “It sounds like you know everything you could
possibly need to.” Akechi says slowly, like he’s trying to placate a child.
“Well, sure…” Takamaki drawls out, “But, no. I was kinda hoping you’d fill in the blanks? I
don’t really wanna ask Ren, because he’s not gonna tell me, and he’s looked like he’s about to
cry since yesterday.”
“Good.” Akechi spits, “Leave it at that.”
There’s a noise that sounds like Takamaki is sucking in a breath through her teeth, “Hm.
Yikes. Guess Ren isn’t kidding when he says you want to kill him.”
“He isn’t.” Akechi confirms.
“Wait!” Takamaki yelps again before Akechi even gets the chance to declare that he’s
leaving, “Seriously, can’t you just tell me what’s going on? If we’re gonna be working
together-”
“We won’t be.” Akechi interrupts, unsure where the hell she got that impression.
“Huh?” Takamaki stutters, then groans, “See, if you told me what was going on, then maybe
I’d understand why-”
“I’m hanging up.” Akechi snaps.
“H-hey!” Takamaki shouts, whatever else she wishes to say is cut off by the dial tone.
Akechi immediately blocks her number before she gets the chance to try and call again.
The Sun, infuriatingly, grows to rank three.
Akechi bangs his head against his bathroom cabinets.
His phones buzzes again. He almost throws it against the wall.
It isn’t a call, this time, which sates his anger slightly. Instead, a text message from Kitagawa
of all people lights up the screen.
Kitagawa: Ren has explained the situation, along with Haru-san and Yoshizawa-san.
Though, I was hoping we could speak.
Kitagawa: Not now, necessarily, but at some point in the future.
Akechi dutifully unlocks his phone.
Akechi: How about never?
Kitagawa: Ah! You responded!
Kitagawa: I would personally prefer some time sooner than ‘never’.

Akechi: No.
Akechi: Refrain from contacting me again. Tell your friends to do the same.
There’s a pause.
Kitagawa: I understand that both you and Ren need some time to reacclimate to your
memories.
Kitagawa: I also understand the implication that Ren offended you when he took Doctor
Maruki’s deal.
Akechi scoffs to the air.
Akechi: ‘Offended’, he says.
Kitagawa: Betrayed the core of your being, then. I was unsure what level of dramatics would
be appropriate.
Akechi: I’ll show you dramatic if you or any of your friends attempt to contact me again.
Goodbye.
Akechi quickly blocks Kitagawa’s number before any other texts can come through. He also
makes sure to block Futaba, Makoto, and Sakamoto’s numbers before any of them can get
any bright ideas.
The Hanged Man grows to rank two, and Akechi feels the urge to dig his fingers painfully
into the wounds he’s yet to close up.
Instead, he drops his phone back onto the tile, and buries his face in his knees.
***
It didn’t take long for Ren to kick the thieves out after Haru and Sumire took their leave.
Whatever argument they were having abruptly cut off as Ren made it clear that his bedroom
was not the time nor place to have any such discussion.
(And, still, Ren does not want to hear it.)
(…He never got around to explaining their gamble, their bait and switch, the interrogation,
andWell. It’s not important.)
And now, Ren stares up at the ceiling, Morgana having left to keep Futaba company. He
drags his hands over his face, and idly wonders where he went wrong.
Was it when he took Maruki’s deal? Could be. All at once he had felt the weight of the world
on his shoulders, and finally decided it was too much. But, then, it wasn’t the world, was it?
Ren didn’t cave for the world, he caved for-

So maybe he went wrong earlier than that.
What happened in the engine room, perhaps? Ren can’t even think about it without his heart
clenching and his lungs seizing. He knows, he knows, he’ll never quite be able to shake the
sound of alarms, the smell of salt with a tang of iron, andBut really; what haunts him are ghosts, not runaway senses.
So, even earlier.
Maybe Ren never stood a chance. Maybe he came into this world doomed to meet and make
an enemy of and fall in – he knows what this feeling has to be- it has to be, right? Ren nearly
ended the world for- with Goro Akechi, and Ren never stood a damn chance.
He sighs.
He’s unlocking his phone before he can think twice about it, typing in a message that he can
only really identify as ill-advised, but, wellRen: hey i know you probably never want to talk to me ever again but could you at least let
me know if you’re okay?
The text bounces back, with a small message informing Ren that he’s unable to reach this
number. Fear and dread grip at Ren’s throat before he rereads the message.
Oh. He’s been blocked.
Ren groans, and drops his phone on his bed. Small victories; being blocked means that
Akechi is in a state to block him, and not bleeding out alone in some cold corner of the
Metaverse.
Arsène radiates disappointment. Small victories, Ren underlines in his mind. The
disappointment doesn’t abate. Metatron doesn’t deign to chime in, and Ren isn’t sure whether
that’s a good sign.
Ren hauls himself to his feet, and starts pacing his room, absentmindedly gathering things to
leave. His bonds, usually a source of comfort, feel hollow and scratched out, as Ren now
holds so many memories that can never be reciprocated. The arcana twisting and writhing, as
Ren’s soul tries to lay down his blood for past oaths, and receives nothing in return.
Some of the arcana chime in protest. The Chariot, the Lovers, Death, the Emperor, to name a
few, have all grown to their completion in this timeline and the last, with surprisingly little in
the way of differences. Others sit in waiting, most over halfway to being whole, with only the
Empress entirely unfulfilled. Ren gets the feeling that bond will never be the same.
(The Judgement, too, rings hollow.)
The Justice and Faith sit in a strange liminality, with room to grow and shrink even as they
should be solid and unmoving. The Councillor-

The Councillor, thankfully, has not suddenly twisted into a blood oath. Their trapsing through
Maruki’s palace hasn’t caused any unwanted chain reactions, then (Yet, something pessimistic
warns).
He needsHe needs something to work with.
Ren clicks his tongue, marches down the attic stairs, and strides out the door.
***
Ren had never really placed much stock in the idea of fate, but he thinks that recent events
have given him cause for concern.
Ren slides into the chair placed in front of a small, plastic table, and gives his best smile.
Chihaya frowns down at her deck of tarot, and startles when Ren’s chair creaks. “Amamiyakun!” Her face brightens, “What brings you here?”
Ren tries to keep his smile fixed in place, “Just a reading. Anything, um, interesting set to
happen in my future?”
Chihaya frowns, and raises an eyebrow. “I guess I could help you with that. Though you’ve
never asked for anything so vague before.”
Ren shrugs, “Some stuff has come up.”
Chihaya nods, absently shuffling her cards. “I see…” She murmurs, “Um, I guess we can do
a really simple three card spread, just to get a feel for the broad strokes?”
Ren knows nothing about fortune telling, so that sounds fine. “Sure. That sounds good.” He
says.
Chihaya smiles, “Great!”, and shoves the deck into Ren’s hands, “Shuffle those, then lay out
three cards from left to right.”
Ren obliges, and frowns as he sees the three cards he’s drawn.
Chihaya whistles slightly, “You really have an affinity for all the major arcana, huh,
Amamiya-kun?”
Ren laughs slightly, “They won’t leave me alone.”
Chihaya giggles, “That’s fairly standard. Fate chooses you, more than the other way around.”
Ren silently hopes that’s bullshit.
“Your past,” Chihaya starts, oblivious to Ren’s grit teeth, “The Tower, upright.” She chuckles
nervously, “I’m sure you know by now that doesn’t exactly spell great things- but at least it’s

in the past!”
Ren grimaces disbelievingly.
“Um, anyway,” Chihaya continues, “I take that something… big, has happened to you
recently. The Tower spells sudden and irreversible change, a consequence of hubris.” She
smiles knowingly, “Can I assume that whatever happened is why you’re coming to see me
now?”
Ren nods slowly, “I- yeah.”
Chihaya nods, and slides her finger across to the next card, “Your present, The Wheel of
Fortune, reversed.” She frowns, “Whatever sudden change that has happened to you has set
you back. You’re stuck in a loop- so much misfortune, and no escape from the cycle.”
Arguments, stalling, and the ever persistent need to wait.
Sounds about right.
Chihaya raises an eyebrow at Ren’s lack of response, and moves on to the last card, “Your
future, the Moon, upright.” She tilts her head, considering, “Whatever misfortune has brought
you here, confusion and insecurity will follow.” She looks up, “You have a lot of trials in
your future, Amamiya-kun.”
Ren blows out a breath between his teeth, and chuckles awkwardly, “Kind of a bleak fate,
huh?”
Chihaya nods, and then frows, “Well… on the surface…” She laughs, “Well, I don’t exactly
have a better interpretation for the cards here, but…” She gives a tentative smile, “If there’s
anyone who can change fate, Amamiya-kun, I think it’d be you. I mean, some of the stuff
you’ve done…”
Ren blinks. Right, Chihaya’s belief in fate has been shaken, but not shattered, in this timeline.
Ren supposes he has some more work to do, then.
He rubs the back of his neck, “Thanks. And thanks for the reading, too.” He fishes out his
wallet, “How much do I owe you?”
Chihaya quickly waves her hands, “Oh, don’t worry about it! This was just a quick reading,
anyway.”
Ren quickly puts his wallet back, giving a small smile, “Oh. Thanks.”
Chihaya nods cheerfully, “Not a problem! And good luck with your fate, Amamiya-kun!”
***
Time, as it turns out, does not heal all wounds.
Or, at the very least, a single day does not heal all wounds.

What time has done, is allow for Robin Hood and Loki to breach the surface of the
turbulence in Akechi’s mind, chiming in with the occasional piece of unsolicited advice. The
telephone hiss that shrouds his mind in fog has dissipated into a quiet whine – though any
reminder of RenShidoMaruki sends Akechi into a spiral of such fierce hatred thatSo he’s not thinking about it.
He’s not going to school, either; it would provide as much of a distraction as it would irritate
him, and he isn’t willing to roll the dice. He’s called in sick from work, too – they hardly
need him there right now, and frankly the precinct contains more reminders than potential to
stop thinking.
But Akechi has to do something, otherwise he’s going to break his own arm.
He’s in Mementos before he can even fully comprehend where he’s headed.
Well then. Violence is certainly a distraction.
Akechi strides down the station steps, fully intending on wreaking as much havoc as he
feasibly can before he collapses, before a glint in the corner of his eye pulls at his attention.
The cool blue glow of the courtroom door is shaded by two figures, rather than just one.
Akechi frowns.
“I thought you tended to stay inside.” Akechi says to Justine, folding his arms.
Immediately, Justine and Caroline swing their respective clipboard and baton to the side,
barricading the door.
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“Court is in recess, defendant!” Caroline snaps, “So stop asking so many questions, and
scram!”
Akechi blinks. Opens his mouth. Closes it.
“Court.” He starts, “Has never been in recess.”
It should make sense. The Velvet Room is a ‘reflection of his heart’, or whatever bullshit Igor
feels like spewing on the day – why would its doors ever close? His mind doesn’t let up, so
neither should the forces set to judge it.
So, it doesn’t make sense that its doors are suddenly obstructed. So, no, court can’t be in
recess; Akechi just isn’t allowed in.
“Our master has work to do.” Justine says cooly, ignoring Akechi’s scrutiny, “We are not to
let anyone disturb him.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, then pauses.

(Last time, Akechi was not invited to the Velvet Room nearly as often as he has in this run.
He didn’t speak to the twins, didn’t even learn their names. He avoided all the entrances he
knew of during Maruki’s reality, didn’t even let them in his line of sight – entirely sick of
god-like beings whispering in his ear.
He does remember, though, when an unfamiliar girl dressed in blue appeared out of nowhere
in Shujin’s nurse’s office.)
“What are you still standing here for, defendant!” Caroline stomps her foot, puffing her chest
out in some show of bravado, “We said we can’t let you in!”
“Why would I want to go in?” Akechi sneers acerbically, the need to snap back overriding his
curiosity, “To get talked at for half an hour?”
Justine, in a rare show of emotion, rolls her eye, “If you do not wish to be here, then you are
entirely free to leave.”
Akechi scoffs. “I will. I have a question first, though.”
Caroline groans, and waves her free hand, not moving her other from blocking the door, “Ask
away.”
Akechi gives his brightest, fakest, smile, “Wonderful.” He drops his expression back in a
scowl, “How much do you two remember?”
The twins both look perplexed. “Remember?” Caroline mutters, and then presses her lips
together in something that’s likely supposed to be a scowl, but looks more like a pout, “Be
more specific!”
“Don’t expect answers to such vague questions.” Justine adds on.
Akechi frowns, “I’ll take that as a ‘no’, then.” He ignores Caroline’s squawks demanding he
explain himself, “A second question, do either of you know someone named ‘Lavenza’?”
It only takes a split second for Akechi to realise that the question is a mistake. Immediately,
both twins double over, dropping to the floor with shrieks of pain, covering their respective
visible eye with their hands.
And then, in a flash, they both stiffen, faces slack, and blink in confusion.
Justine stands to her feet, collecting her clipboard off the ground. “I’m afraid we can’t let you
in, defendant. Court is in recess.”
“Yeah!” Caroline backs her up, “Now scram!”
Akechi’s eyes narrow sharply, “What just happened?”
“Huh?” Caroline scowls, “What are you talking about?”
“Our conversation.” Akechi says slowly, “That we were just having.”

Justine tilts her head, “How could we have been having a conversation? You only just
arrived.”
What?
Okay.
Akechi is not equipped to deal with this.
“You-” He starts, then cuts himself off, flipping up his visor and pinching the bridge of his
nose, “Nevermind.”
The Temperence grows to rank five.
Caroline’s face twists in confusion, “What? But you just got here! Why is it ranking up?”
Akechi shakes his head, irked that this excursion hasn’t provided the distraction he was
craving, “Don’t worry about it.”
“Wh- hey!” Caroline yelps as Akechi turns on his heel, “Defendant! Explain yourself!”
“Such rudeness…” Justine mutters underneath her breath as Akechi stalks down the
escalators into Mementos proper.
It seems that aspects of the Velvet Room just love to slip people’s minds. No one but those
who have been ‘guests’ can enter or even see the door, of course, but even extradimensional
beings like the twins and José are apparently hard-pressed to remember anything.
Akechi pulls on the Star, itching to get something done.
José’s car peels around a corner, and skids to a stop. He hops out of the car, and waddles over,
squinting at Akechi like he’s trying to figure something out.
“Hey…” José mumbles, before his eyes widen like saucers, “Mister! You-!”
“What.” Akechi snaps.
“It looks like you remember now!” José exclaims, looking equally confused and delighted, “I
didn’t realise that could happen so long after reality folded!”
Oh. Right.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Akechi says immediately.
José pouts, “But mister, this is super important! Think of all the stuff you can do now that
you know what happened last time!”
“I already knew what was going to happen,” Mostly, “Now, I just have all this extra baggage,
and-” Akechi cuts himself off, and takes a deep breath. “I don’t want to talk about it.” He
repeats, “I’m not in the mood. You mentioned you could fuse personas?”

José looks ready to protest, frown still in place, but he brightens when Akechi mentions
persona fusion, “That’s right! Oh, and you have an extra one, too.”
Mithras and Shiji-Ouki twitch, as though readying themselves for the inevitable.
“Okay…” José continues, “I can do that, easy-peasy! But, um,” He falters, “Are you sure,
mister?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “What do you mean? You said it would be fine as long as I’m not
fusing Robin or Loki.”
José looks slightly embarrassed, “Well, uh, yeah. That is what I said.” He laughs sheepishly,
“But… I didn’t realise this, but humans are really malleable, you know?”
Akechi scowls, “And this is relevant, how?”
“Well, I knew that they’re super malleable, of course,” José continues, like Akechi didn’t
speak, “But I only really realised it when our bond formed, mister.”
Akechi sighs, “Your point?”
“So, I said that your soul was whole enough to fuse something.” José starts, “But that was
then. This is now.”
“Are you serious?” Akechi snarls, “Are you trying to tell me that regaining my memories
shattered my soul beyond repair? Like I don’t know that I feel like shit right now?”
José shrinks back slightly, “It’s not broken!” He insists, quickly springing back, “It’s just…
maybe you shouldn’t fuse anything right now.”
“I didn’t come down here for nothing.” Akechi hisses.
José frowns, “I- I could fuse them, but… it could go wrong.”
“I don’t care.” Akechi says, even though that’s a lie- those are fragment of his soul; what
does it mean if it goes wrong, what will happen to- “If you can do it, do it.”
Disappointment flashes across José’s face, and he looks downtrodden, “If you say so, mister.”
He turns back to his car, mumbling something about humans under his breath.
When he turns back around, José is frowning, “So, I’ve never actually done this before.”
Akechi doesn’t appreciate the running commentary. “Just get on with it.” He says, flipping up
his visor and pinching the bridge of his nose.
José chuckles awkwardly, “Uh, Okay. Just so you know, I think this might hurt?”
It does.

In an instant, and with a twisting crack, Akechi feels the two extra presences within his soul
torn out with all the grace of a haphazard attempt at surgery. Loki and Robin bristle and panic
at the contact, pressing far, far, way from the intrusion.
Shiji-Ouki and Mithras appear in the corners of Akechi’s vision, leaving behind gore and scar
tissue like an arrowhead ripped out of place.
Akechi thinks he sees José’s frown deepen even as his vision spins. He tries to push himself
off the tracks – when did he fall over? – and gets nowhere.
The pulsing reds of Mementos blur and shift, and Akechi can’t tell if the walls are cracking,
breaking off in chunks, stabbing through the personas he had convinced to his side with
jagged edges. His ears ring, and he clamps his hands over his head, and he can’t, he can’t“Oh.” José’s voice says, and everything stops, “That’s different than I was expecting.”
Akechi slowly peels his eyes open, and Mementos settles back into place, if it had ever
moved at all.
“I,” A new voice rings, and Akechi’s eyes suddenly snap to the chains and blue fire that
wreath the product of the fusion, “Am Atropos. The thread of life shall ever come to an end,
and it is by my shears that the edges fray. I am thou, thou art I.”
She bows her head, and she dissolves into the shape of a mask, flickering between onyx black
and crimson red, shape undecided, and she flies forward, and settles into place.
“That wasn’t I was trying to make,” José says, sounding entirely unbothered, “But, hey! I
think it turned out great! That one’s pretty strong.”
“Right.” Akechi mumbles, still orienting himself.
“All’s well that ends well!” José cheers, “That’s the saying, right?”
Akechi feels untethered. The part of him that isn’t steeped in spite and stubborn selfdestruction thinks that he should have waited to do this. He ignores it.
He still feels like shit.
“Thank you.” Akechi manages to grit out around the disorientation, because he still feels
awful, but José hasn’t done anything to deserve the brunt of Akechi’s mood, and he can
imagine Sumire’s disappointed frown and Ren’s sad, forgiving, smile, and Akechi just wants
all of this to stopThe Star grows to rank seven.
José looks delighted as the sound of breaking chains fades, “Oh! I wasn’t sure if it would do
that. I’m happy it did, though!”
“Yeah.” Akechi mutters, managing to stagger to his feet. His insides don’t feel right. It’s like
Atropos doesn’t fit. He’s sure it’ll settle later. “Thanks.” He says again.

“No problem!” José declares as he hops back into his car, “See you later! And good job,
mister!”
He peels away, the tires screeching against the train tracks, and Akechi tries to shove
everything back into place.

Chapter End Notes

Good news, everyone! October 4th has not lasted 5 chapters. (In other news, I just
passed October 4 in p3r and I'm. hm.)
Everyone keeps pinging Akechi in the discord and he has half a mind to nuke the whole
server if any of the PT try to contact him again
EDIT: FUCK I ALMOST FORGOT AGAIN and I'm not gonna wait another week so:
Luxu-loveskh on tumblr made some beautiful art of the scene at the end of chapter 46,
check it out here!
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Now you may think Ryuji is lagging behind as the only person still at rank
one, but consider offering your condolences to poor Sae, who's been at rank six for,
what? 20 chapters?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 7
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sumire: hey, I think we should talkAkechi: Thank you for your advice. I've chosen to disregard it.
Ann: Hey, maybe you should chill a bit?
Akechi: Thank you for your advice. I've chosen to disregard it.
Jose: Uh, mister, I'm pretty sure fusing your personas right now it a really bad ideaAkechi: I'm sensing a pattern here.
Akechi:
Akechi: I'm still ignoring your advice.

Chapter 49
Chapter Summary

Catching up, and progress.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire knocks rapidly on the door to Goro’s apartment, only half confident that he’ll actually
answer.
That’s fine! She knows for a fact that Goro will crack and open the door eventually, just so
long as she and Haru make their presence annoying enough. At her side, Haru seems to have
the same idea, face set in confident determination.
Sumire waits for a beat, before awkwardly leaning forward to knock again.
Haru sighs slightly, and takes out her phone. She taps some buttons, and holds it to her ear,
frowning when she’s met with nothing but the dial tone, and an apologetic robotic voice.
“Not picking up?” Sumire mumbles.
Haru shakes her head, “No.”
Sumire sighs, and leans forward to knock furiously and repeatedly. She does this for about a
minute, before pulling her arm back with a huff.
“I don’t think he’s home.” Sumire concludes, and worries her lips together.
Haru frowns, seeming to be equally concerned by the implications of Goro being suddenly
absent.
Sumire grimaces, “I- do you think he’s-?” Okay. Alive. In the real world.
Haru gives a small shrug, her frown deepening. She bites at her lip, “If we can’t find him,
should we go looking for him in Mementos?”
“We should,” Sumire agrees, “But he might not be in Mementos. He could have gone to
Maruki’s palace, or- or Shido’s palace, and I don’t know the keywords for that one-”
“Then we can ask Ren-kun.” Haru cuts across Sumire’s spiral, “He’d know. And I’m sure
that Goro-kun is alright.”

“Yeah.” Sumire mumbles, not fully convinced. After a beat, she leans forward again to knock
on the door.
“Why are you both here.” A sharp voice interrupts after the first knock.
Sumire jumps, and spins around. “Goro!” She yelps, “You’re okay!”
Goro’s face is set in a scowl, and he raises an eyebrow, “I thought you already ascertained
that after pestering me the other day.”
“Well, you weren’t home.” Haru chimes in, “So we were concerned.” She narrows her eyes,
“Where were you, by the way?”
Goro scowls even harder, rifling around his pockets for his keys and shoving them into the
lock, “Is that your business?”
Haru and Sumire share a look.
After a moment, the door clicks open, and Goro steps inside with a huff. He turns around, and
for a moment he genuinely looks to be considering slamming the door and not letting them
in. Sumire gives her best encouraging smile in hopes to dissuade him.
Goro’s eyes narrow, and his nose scrunches like he’s swallowed something sour, but he
doesn’t slam the door. He scoffs, and leaves it open in an obvious invitation.
Sumire breathes a sigh of relief as quietly as she can, and she and Haru step inside, toeing off
their shoes in the entryway.
“So-” Sumire swallows, and chokes back a tic of nervous laughter, “Um. You really
remember everything?”
“Yes.” Goro snaps curtly.
Sumire’s breath catches in her throat, as she scrounges for moments- anything and everything
that happened in the year long gone, “D-do you remember when you navigated for us?”
“Yes.”
“What about when you laughed at Ren-senpai for not being able to solve that colour puzzle?”
“I remember.”
“Or when we fought the reaper?”
“Sumire.”
“O-or when you basically told me to get my act together after everyone saved me from
Maruki’s palace?”
“Sumi-chan.” Haru’s voice interjects softly.

Sumire takes a sharp breath.
“You remember.” She whispers, and it finally hits her.
Goro shuffles awkwardly, and gives a sharp nod.
Haru flicks a concerned frown between the two of them, before settling to look at Goro,
“How are you… adjusting?”
Goro snorts, “I feel like shit, so not well.”
Sumire snaps out of her stupor to give a tentative smile, “I felt pretty bad at first, too.”
Goro shrugs in response, and walks over to collapse on the couch. Sumire and Haru follow
suit, Haru taking the other arm rest and Sumire squeezing in the middle.
Haru smooths out her skirt, looking more like just an action to do with her hands than for any
practical effect, “We’ve gotten the gist from Ren-kun-”
“Don’t talk to me about him.” Goro interrupts with a hiss.
Haru presses her lips together, and Sumire grimaces. “…We already know the gist…” Haru
continues slowly, “But if you’d like to share what’s happened over the past few days…?”
Goro scoffs, “Well! After getting talked at by Maruki’s shadow,” Sumire jumps in alarm,
“Abruptly getting all my memories back, and remembering that Amamiya is a fucking
traitor,” He says in a low snarl, “I-” He cuts himself off with a scowl.
Sumire waits for a beat, “Do you not… remember?”
Goro scowls a little harder, “My memory of directly after is somewhat… foggy. I used Loki’s
ability on myself.” He says by way of explanation.
Oh.
“Oh.” Sumire gapes, for lack of anything better to say, “You. You haven’t been using that
ability much. This time.” Or at all. Sumire can’t recall a single instance of Goro using call of
chaos in her presence this time around.
Goro scoffs, “Why would I? Turning myself psychotic isn’t fun.”
Haru sits up suddenly, looking alarmed. She shrinks back after a beat with a resigned
expression, and Sumire sends her internal thanks for her ability to go with the flow. Or at
least to wait for a better moment.
“But,” Sumire starts, “You used it so often, in January, with-” Ren. Call of Chaos was a staple
part of Goro and Ren’s team attack.
“That was… different.” Goro mumbles, glaring at some nondescript spot on the floor.

Sumire nods slowly, “…What about after that, then?”
Goro makes a face like he’s deciding what to say. Sumire frowns.
“Goro…?” She starts, already feeling more than a little concerned, “What happened?”
Goro sighs, “I went to Shido’s palace to confront the thing that killed me last time.”
“You what?!” Sumire yelps, jumping off the couch to stare incredulously at Goro’s
unaffected expression.
“Goro-kun,” Haru starts, with the voice of someone trying not to snap, “Why did you do
that?”
Goro scoffs, “Relax, I’m fine.” He winces slightly as his shoulder moves, and Sumire
narrows her eyes, “And it’s not like I went there with any intent- I just found myself there
and felt the need to wreak some havoc.”
Sumire takes a deep breath. “You-” She has a lot of choice words, and finds that she doesn’t
really want to say any of them. She blows out the breath through her teeth, “Are you really
fine?”
Goro avoids both of their eyes again, “Not really.” He says quietly.
Haru smiles softly, “Is there anything we can-”
“No.” Goro says quickly, and that’s the end of that.
If Haru is disappointed, she doesn’t show it. Instead, she turns to Sumire, “I’ve been
neglecting to ask, but; how are you feeling about everything, Sumi-chan?”
Sumire puffs out her cheeks, “Not great.” She confesses, and Goro snorts. Sumire pouts, and
sits back down on the couch with a huff, giving Goro a thwack on the arm. He hisses in pain,
and she winces apologetically.
“What even happened?” She says, when ‘sorry’ probably would have sufficed.
“Don’t worry about it.” Goro mutters, which really just makes Sumire worry even more.
She settles back into the couch, drawing her knees up to her chest, and sighs. “I don’t even
know what my problem is.” She mumbles, “I think this is what I wanted. And- I’m really
happy that you remember, Goro.”
“But?” Haru prompts.
“I don’t know if I’m ready to talk to Ren-senpai yet.” Sumire admits, “I was so…” angry,
frustrated, upset, “furious, before, but now that I know why he did what he did-”
“If anything, the reason should make you angrier.” Goro cuts in coldly, “He threw away the
world for something so ridiculous.”

Sumire musters up a glare, “It wasn’t ridiculous.” She insists. She sighs, surprised at her own
conviction. She curls in on herself a little tighter, “I’m just not sure how to feel.”
(Because, at the end of the day, didn’t Sumire do the same thing? Cling to Maruki’s spell
when she couldn’t face what had truly happened? Does she have the right, to be angry?
What would she have done, when faced with the same choice as Ren? Didn’t she already
prove too weak, whenBut Ren was supposed to be better, something whispers desperately. He was supposed toRen shouldn’t have had that choice at all, something else whispers. How was that ever
supposed to be fair to him, fair to anyone?
Sumire doesn’t know, and she still doesn’t know how to feel. She thinks she might hear Ella
trying to comfort her, but she can’t be sure.)
A pause.
Haru sits up slightly, “Well, no one needs to decide how they feel right now. We have time.”
“Do we?” Goro asks.
***
Because, really, have they ever had any time?
Certainly not before, when everyone had a knife to someone’s throat, waiting to slip.
Certainly not now, with the revelations at hand far more catastrophic than anyone could have
predicted.
And, as ever, Akechi finds himself in the middle of it all.
At his side, Sumire slumps into her knees, “What are we going to do?”
Akechi doesn’t know.
“I don’t know,” He voices, because he figures the time for fronts among allies is long past,
“But I’m not working with the thieves.”
Haru makes a face, “You’re against working with them entirely?”
“Allow me to rephrase.” Akechi says primly, “I’m against working with Joker.”
Sumire grimaces, “Yeah, I figured.”
Akechi scoffs, “You don’t seem to be in a rush to confront him, either.”
Sumire presses her lips together, but otherwise has no response.

Haru bites at her lip, “Well… The Phantom Thieves aren’t going to be targeting my father
anymore, so we have that.”
Akechi digs the palms of his hands into his eyes, “But that’s part of the problem. There’s still
whatever’s sitting at the bottom of Mementos that we have to deal with, and the debacle with
Okumura skyrocketed the Phantom Thieves’ fame last time around.”
“Right.” Sumire murmurs, “We couldn’t find any way to get past those doors in Mementos
when we were down there,” Of course they couldn’t, “So the only way to get past is…”
“If things go the same as last time.” Haru finishes with a sigh.
Akechi picks at his nails, feeling another wave of fury at the situation crash into him.
Things don’t have to go exactly the same, necessarily – there are many ways that different
events can occur to the same end – the problem, is that Akechi can see no way that the
thieves aren’t a necessary component.
Options don’t matter when the choice he truly wants is entirely unavailable to him.
Akechi doesn’t want to be the one to acquiesce that the situation is fixed, so he digs his nails
into his hands, and lets them stew in silence.
Sumire is the first to crack. “Um. We have more time now though, right?” She readjusts her
glasses, “Before, we had to try and figure out how to do two palaces in the time the thieves
could do one, but now we can spread things out more.”
Akechi leans back to stare at the ceiling. “We still don’t have that much time. At some point,
Shido is going to get antsy that the thieves aren’t in Okumura’s palace, and I can’t lie,
because he keeps pushing me to find out who they are, and shit-”
Akechi takes a sharp breath and lurches forward to bury his face in his hands, abruptly
remembering exactly how fucked he is. Shido knows, (He knows! The whole damn time!) he
knows who Akechi is, is probably suspicious as hell of his intentions – fuck, if he wasn’t
before, he sure is now; Akechi has no idea what destroying his cognition has done to Shido’s
mind, but it definitely isn’t going to instil anything resembling trust.
“–Goro-kun?” Haru’s voice cuts in, sounding alarmed.
Akechi holds up a hand for them to wait, because he isn’t going to break down, he just needs
a secondHe bites down on the inside of his cheek, and laughs wetly. “I’m fucked.” He manages to
choke out, eloquently.
“W-what do you mean?” Sumire blurts out, a bit of fear creeping into her voice.
“I-” Akechi takes another breath to steady himself. He’s fine. “Shido knows I’m his son,”
Haru and Sumire don’t look as surprised as he would have thought – Ren must have told
them, “And I haven’t been as good at insubordination as I would have liked.”

“So we just have to take him out quickly, right?” Haru says sharply, “If we have a soft
deadline like that, I’d prefer to not push it.”
Akechi shakes his head, “Ha. No, we- we can’t do anything without the thieves.”
Sumire’s face falls, “Shido would have been the final step in unlocking Mementos, huh?”
Akechi nods, and tightly folds his arms against his chest.
Haru’s eyes flick down, and she looks contemplative. She sighs, “So there really isn’t another
option.”
Akechi shakes his head, “The level of fame required to progress in Mementos is something
that only the thieves have the foundation to acquire this late in the game.”
Haru crosses her arms, face thoughtful, “I think we still have some time. For the both of you
to sort out your grievances with the thieves, that is.”
Sumire laughs weakly, “Do we? There’s so much we have to do.”
Haru shakes her head, “Think about it- Shido only has access to the Metaverse through Gorokun. I doubt he’d give up an asset so quickly without absolute certainty that you’re trying to
actively betray him. We could drag that out for a while, I think.”
“Not that long.” Akechi counters, “I’m frankly amazed that Shido hasn’t called me into his
office to ask about your father’s palace again. He isn’t exactly a patient man.”
Sumire taps her fingers against her knees anxiously, “And aren’t you still in trouble, Harusenpai? We need to do that, too.”
Haru smiles slightly, “Then we’ll do that.” She giggles at the blank looks she receives, “If my
father is still going to be an issue for the foreseeable future, then our next step is still
changing my fiancé’s heart, no?”
“Oh…” Sumire mumbles, “I- I guess that was already our plan. But, how much longer do we
have to do that? Because our progress has been… not great. It feels like we’ve hardly gotten
anywhere.”
“Actually,” Akechi cuts in, “I believe I may know what the problem is.”
Sumire frowns, “What do you mean?”
Akechi sighs, “Maruki,” He spits the name, “Implied that the state of both Sugimura and
Okumura’s palaces was… manufactured. The way he said it – that something keeps trying to
alter palaces from the outside – I’d wager it’s our friend in Mementos’ depths that keeps
messing with our ability to move forward.”
Haru hums, contemplative, “How can we counter that, then?”

Akechi blows out a frustrated breath, “Who knows? My best hope is that now Amamiya and
I remember the last timeline, things may be back to normal. Maruki also implied that
whatever is messing with the palaces also wanted our memories back intact.”
In the most roundabout way possible, but the connection is there, nevertheless.
Akechi sighs, “But, if not that; we were making some progress. So it stands to reason we can
use brute force if necessary, should nothing change upon our return.”
He isn’t confident, but, well. He can hope.
“…It’s something.” Sumire concedes with a nod, and turns to Haru, “Haru-senpai, do you
know the exact date for our deadline here?”
Haru gives a small, guilty-looking smile, “Um, around the eleventh, I think.”
A pause.
“The eleventh?!” Sumire squeaks, as Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose, “Of this month?”
Haru nods, delicately tucking her hair behind her ear.
“That’s in six days!” Sumire yelps, leaping off of the couch.
“Shit.” Akechi mutters.
“I’m sorry for not warning you!” Haru says quickly, “It’s just, so much has been happening
that the time kind of just… slipped away from me.”
“Alright.” Akechi says. “Alright,” He repeats, “We can do this. We’ll have to go to the palace
every day from tomorrow. We can- shit.” He grits his teeth, “Shit. We’ll be fine. We need to
leave room for a calling card, too, if we’re changing his heart.”
Sumire sighs deeply, looking a bit like a deflated balloon as she collapses back on the couch.
“I really hope we won’t have to brute-force it.”
Akechi laughs with a slight edge of hysteria, “Well, at the very least, we don’t have to worry
about feeling shitty that we have no plans. We don’t have time for that.”
Haru grimaces, “I’m sure we’ll be alright.”
Akechi thinks that Haru is rather calm for someone who is about to be sold off to her fiancé
in six days. Though, she may just be attempting to compensate for the state Akechi and
Sumire are in.
“Okay.” Akechi mutters. Good. This is okay. The speed by which everything is happening at
once should keep him together, at least.
There’s no time.

(There never seems to be time. The Fool grows to rank eight as the three sit in tense and
worried silence on the couch, and time ticks on, and on, and on)
***
Sumire stares awkwardly at the rows of non-prescription medicine that line the pharmacy,
waiting for some kind of indication from Goro for what she should buy.
They both decided to stock up on some supplies right before the infiltration, but Sumire finds
herself wishing that she stayed at school to spend time with Haru instead; because for some
reason, Goro seems to be ignoring her.
She’s trying not to get too worked up about it. A lot’s going on! It’s probably not about her.
Sumire knows better than anyone how disorienting regaining a year’s worth of memories is,
soSo,
Sumire sighs.
“Goro?” She starts, “Um, what would be best to buy?”
Goro’s head snaps up from glaring at the shelves. He only looks at her for a second before
turning his attention back to the myriad products lining the walls. “Whatever you think is
best. Unless Sugimura has strong opinions about any particular brand of cough medicine,
then our cognition should dictate its effectiveness.”
“Huh.” Sumire mumbles.
She taps her feet on the ground uncomfortably, not really absorbing any of the brand names
as she reads them.
“Goro?” She asks after a beat.
“Yes?” He responds curtly.
“Um,” She starts, feeling her nerve already diminishing, “Are you… okay?”
Goro absently picks up a box of something, “You asked that yesterday.” He points out, “But,
as okay as I can be, given the circumstances.” He concludes evasively.
“Okay. That’s good.” Sumire says stiltedly, picking at her nails. “Then…”
Goro puts the box back with more force than strictly necessary, “Spit it out.”
“Are you mad at me?” Sumire asks in a small voice.
Maybe she’s wrong. Maybe it’s nothing. Maybe, Goro will laugh at her for even thinking
that, and then they’ll have a normal conversation like normal friends.

Goro pauses. “Yes,” He says after a beat.
Sumire tries not to let her face fall too much.
“Oh.” She says, “Um,” She stutters, “Did I do something wrong?”
“You lied about the circumstances leading up to Maruki’s victory.” Goro says snippily, still
not looking at her, “You’ll have to forgive me for being irritated.”
Sumire presses her lips together.
This was bound to happen eventually, Ella points out, which doesn’tThis wasShe had toBut she didn’t. Have to, that is- lying about what happened was a conscious choice, andShe isn’t sure if she regrets it, entirely.
(She was afraid-)
“You weren’t mad about this yesterday…” Sumire mumbles weakly, and Goro doesn’t deign
that with a response. She huffs, conceding the unspoken point. There were other things to
worry about, at the time.
“I knew that Ren-senpai took the deal,” Sumire says slowly, trying not to sound too
defensive, “But I didn’t know why. So I guess I just-” She pauses, and shrugs a little
helplessly, “Didn’t want you to… jump to conclusions over something I didn’t understand, I
guess.”
“So, what? You decided to make that choice for me?” Goro snaps, finally turning to look
Sumire in the eye.
“Well, it’s just that the two of you were so- close, last time!” Sumire protests, “I knew you’d
be mad about something like that, and I didn’t want you to- to hate him, or something!”
“Well, look how that turned out.” Goro snarks, rolling his eyes, “What difference does it
make that I hate him a few months later, rather than when you first revealed yourself as a
time traveller?”
Sumire thinks that it’s made quite the difference, actually. Would Goro have joined the
thieves, if he thought Ren’s ideals aligned with Maruki’s? Hell, would Goro have been
cooperative at all, had he known what happened last time? Would any of this have happened
the same way, ifSumire doesn’t know.

“I was going to tell you eventually…” She insists weakly, “I just- Ren-senpai never said why
he took the deal, when he told us on the day we were supposed to fight. So- I wanted to…
figure it out. First.”
Goro narrows his eyes in a glare, making it quite clear how he feels about that reasoning.
“I’m- sorry.” Sumire says, because she is. “But, it’s all turned out okay, hasn’t it?”
“That’s post-hoc reasoning.” Goro snipes, “And really, has it?”
Sumire deflates. It’s too early to say whether things have turned out, but,
When will all of this be over? If everything goes to hell, will Sumire be sent back again? Will
someone else be sent back, with the past two years erased from Sumire’s mind?
She hopes not.
After a stretch of silence, they buy their supplies and make their way to their assigned
entrance to Sugimura’s palace to wait for Haru.
“Don’t lie to me again.” Goro suddenly speaks up, and Sumire startles.
“I won’t.” She promises.
“I’m serious.” He snaps, “Since you clearly think you know what’s best for me-”
“That isn’t-!” Sumire interrupts, and then huffs, “That isn’t… what I was trying to do.”
“Then enlighten me.” Goro drawls.
Hm.
“That isn’t what I was trying to do.” Sumire repeats, “But… I’m sorry that it came out that
way.”
“Don’t do it again.” Goro reiterates, “This discussion isn’t over, but we have work to do.”
Sumire relaxes, fairly certain that means she likely won’t be a target for an overcomplicated
revenge plot, even if all is not forgiven.
She’ll work on it.
Goro scoffs at nothing, frustration evident, and the silence is significantly more comfortable
than before.
***
Ren doesn’t think he’s fully come back to himself just yet.
He managed to string himself together enough to loop the rest of the Phantom Thieves in on
the events of last timeline, sure, but overall? He’s honestly surprised he managed to drag
himself out of bed this morning.

Morgana keeps giving him looks. Deserved, Ren’s sure. The team has been in something just
above disarray ever since the revelation that Goro is the black mask.
Akechi. Goro. Ren’s pretty certain his first name privileges have been thoroughly revoked,
but he can’t seem to fully shake it.
But, well. None of Ren’s agonising is really the point. He’s Joker. The leader, and he can tell
that everyone is waiting for him to get it together.
How can he, though?
He needs… something.
So, he goes to find Haru.
Haru, because he’s certain that Sumire doesn’t want to talk to him right now (she didn’t
exactly look comfortable last they were in the same room), and he thinks he would leave an
encounter with Akechi with a broken arm at best.
(And, because the Empress still shifts like a dried-out husk amongst his other bonds, and Ren
finds himself nostalgic.)
Though he hasn’t spent much time at all with Haru in this timeline, he can’t see why the
place she tends to haunt would change. So, he heads up to the roof after school, and slowly
creaks open the door.
Haru is crouched in front of the planters, humming idly to herself in a sight that is so familiar
that Ren almost forgets when he is. She turns slightly at the sound of the door opening,
eyebrows raising in mild surprise when she sees who it is.
“Ren-kun,” She says, “Is something wrong?”
“Uh.” Ren starts, “Not- well. Yes. Something is wrong. Nothing extra is wrong, though.”
Haru laughs slightly, “Well, I suppose that’s the best I could have hoped for. It would be
unreasonable to assume this would all resolve itself in a day.”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, “Yeah.” He presses his lips together, “I… guess I wanted to
talk?”
Haru tilts her head towards the space next to her, in front of the planters. “Would you like to
help me while we chat?”
“’Course.” Ren says, walking over and rolling up his sleeves. He smiles tentatively, “I
actually used to help you out a lot with this garden, last time.”
Haru blinks, pausing in the middle of tugging a weed from the soil, “Really?” She asks, then
laughs, “I suppose that makes sense, if I joined the Phantom Thieves last time. I’ve mostly
been roping Sumi-chan and Goro-kun into helping me these past few months.”

Ren’s lips tug upwards, “I’m surprised that-” He pauses, smile dropping, and shakes his head.
“Anyway,” He says quickly, “Um, you guys know where Akechi is now, right? He blocked
me at some point, so I assume he’s fine, but-”
“He’s alright.” Haru cuts him off. She frowns slightly, and sighs, “He’s- well. We all had a
discussion yesterday about our plans. For now, we’re focusing on completing my fiancé’s
palace.”
Ren nods slowly, “Cool. Okay.” Haru hands him some fertiliser, and he spreads it absent
mindedly over the planter, “That’s good.” He freezes, “Isn’t the deadline in a couple of days,
though?”
Before regaining his memories, Ren’s sense of urgency for Okumura’s palace was practically
non-existent. Akechi had never mentioned a deadline of any sort, and Ren had been
somewhat preoccupied with other worries. But now, he’s hit with the sudden and disturbing
memory of exactly how close they’re cutting it.
“It is.” Haru admits, “But we’re heading into the palace later today, and the next few days,
too.”
Ren nods, relieved. “Okay.” He awkwardly pokes at the soil, “Um, be careful.”
Haru’s lips twitch upwards, seemingly amused, “We will be. Don’t worry.”
They continue tending to the garden in silence for a while, wordlessly passing various
gardening implements back and forth as necessary. Ren lets muscle memory take control as
he chews absently on his lip.
Eventually, Haru huffs slightly. “It’s a bit frustrating,” She starts, “We don’t need your help,
not for this; but there will come a point where we’re forced to request your aid.”
Ren blinks, “Oh.” He shakes his head furiously, “You- you don’t have to…” He trails off.
Modesty, as always, takes control – in truth, not being able to do anything would infuriate
him to no end, butBut he has to. He has to, for the sake ofBut what? Shouldn’t he get what he wants, for onceHe’s already gotten what he wanted. And look how that turned out.
Haru shakes her head slightly, “It isn’t about what we want. It’s that circumstances dictate
that we have no choice.” She presses her lips together, “I… don’t have any qualms in
working with the thieves. Though, I would appreciate a proper apology for being attacked on
sight in Mementos.” She adds, with a slightly bitter edge.
Ren grimaces, “That’s my fault. While I was trying to make sense of all my weird visions, I
thought that Sumire was. Uh. An assassin?”
Haru raises her eyebrows, looking like she’s deciding how to feel about that statement.

“Anyway.” She says slowly, and Ren appreciates that he isn’t going to get laughed at again,
“The issue lies in the fact that Goro-kun doesn’t wish to work with you, and Sumi-chan is a
bit hesitant. But, because of the god at the bottom of Mementos…”
Ren startles. “Oh.” He stands up abruptly, “Oh- right.”
“Slipped your mind?” Haru asks with a weak smile, “It’s okay. Sumi-chan neglected to
mention it for quite a while as well.”
“Ha.” Ren breathes out, running a hand through his hair. It’s a testament to how much of a
mess he is right now, he thinks. He had briefly mentioned the situation with Yaldabaoth when
explaining everything, but in the wake of everything else…
“Um,” Haru pipes up, “Actually, if you have any more information on that, that would be
wonderful. We’ve been flying somewhat blind, as you can imagine.”
“Right.” Ren nods quickly, and begins to explain.
He gives the bullet points: Yaldabaoth, the Holy Grail waiting at the bottom of Mementos,
how they only gained access after Shido’s change of heart, etcetera, etcetera.
He gets the feeling that he might start losing Haru around the time he starts rambling about
the inner workings of Velvet Room politics. Surprisingly, though, Haru’s eyes widen with
interest.
“The Velvet Room?” She repeats, and Ren stutters on a nod, “Goro-kun has mentioned it a
few times.”
Ren blinks, “Since when did-?” He shakes his head, clearing the thought. Not important.
Akechi neglecting to mention something as strange as the Velvet Room is hardly out of
character. “Okay. Okay- you should tell him to stop going in there. If he wants to manage his
personas or something, that should be fine? But Igor -the guy who’s supposed to run the
place- is Yaldabaoth in disguise, right now.”
Haru presses her lips together, “Noted. Though, Goro-kun should be alright on the persona
front. I recall Jose-chan offering to do- fusion, was it? And Sumi-chan and I have helped him
pick up a few extra personas along the way, too.”
Ren pauses. “Right.” He says. He didn’t realise thatWell. It seems he didn’t realise a lot of things. It’s not surprising, that Goro would have the
same abilities Ren does. So what is heNot important.
Ren scuffs his feet along the ground, “Right.” He repeats. “That should be it? If you need to
know anything else, just text me, I guess.”
Haru giggles behind her hand, “Will do!” She stands up, and peels off her gardening gloves,
“I think I should be going, though. We have a lot of palace to get through.”

“Yeah.” Ren says, feeling a bit stiff, “Um. Good luck.” It seems that all he can do lately is
worry.
She smiles, and Ren hopes her confidence is warranted.
***
“Igor is what.” Crow snaps, not really sounding like he’s asking.
Noir nods solemnly, “That’s what Ren-kun said, at least.”
“That’s… worrying.” Sumire says slowly. The god of control is the current master of the
Velvet Room? Has Yaldabaoth been spying on them?
Noir nods, “Ren-kun also advised that you stay away from the Velvet Room.”
“Advised.” Crow scoffs derisively. “Amamiya can take his advice and-” Sumire doesn’t hear
the rest of Crow’s mutterings, but it doesn’t sound all that flattering.
“Has… Yaldabaoth, was it? Has he been spying on you? On us?” Sumire asks Crow, cutting
over his quiet tirade to voice her concerns.
Crow snaps back to attention, “Almost certainly,” He says, perhaps a bit sharper than he
would normally address Sumire, “But, I don’t think he has complete omniscience. He- hm.”
He pauses, “It didn’t seem like he was aware of how time has folded, when I attempted to
question him. It almost seemed as though he was fishing for information. The twins seemed
out of the loop, as well. But…”
Noir frowns slightly, “But?”
Crow sighs, “When Maruki’s shadow spoke to me, he implied myriad things, including that
the entity interfering with the state of the palaces,” He gestures to the humid greenhouse
around them, the sky blocked by panels of fogged glass, “Wanted Amamiya and I to
remember. My assumption is that this entity is Yaldabaoth – I can’t think of who else it could
be – but the only reason I can think of for that to be even remotely beneficial to him is-”
“If you remembering means that he remembers, too.” Sumire finishes, nervousness settling
into her skin.
Crow nods sharply, “Precisely.”
Noir presses her lips together, tapping her finger rhythmically against the handle of her axe,
“Do you think that means the palaces will still be difficult to progress through?”
Crow looks around, appearing remarkably like his namesake as his head swings left and
right. “Actually.” He starts, “It almost appears like we’ve reached a new area.”
Sumire blinks, taking better stock of her surroundings.
He’s right.

If the palace entrance was an outdoor plaza, suspended in the sky and lined with neat garden
boxes, and the first section of the palace was encased in glass, sporting enormous ferns and
vines towering over the trio, all in disarray, then where they are now takes ‘greenhouse’ to its
logical extreme.
Vivid, almost toxic-looking flowers, curling ferns, tree stumps- lopped off at their base before
they could even think to breach the glass sky above, and carnivorous plants, leering at the
three of them, poised and waiting- all larger than life and towering metres above.
Sumire supresses a shiver.
“So… we are making some headway, then.” Noir comments, sounding confused and looking
at the view with mild disgust.
“Something like that.” Crow says mildly, tapping a weeping fern with the edge of his sword.
Sumire frowns as she takes it all in. “So- Yaldabaoth is just… letting us continue as normal?”
Noir’s face twists to mirror Sumire’s confusion, “I’m a little sceptical myself…”
“It does seem odd.” Crow agrees with a nod, “He’s presumably gotten what he wants,
knowledge-wise, but surely he’d want to impede our progress even further?”
“Well…” Noir starts, then sighs, “I suppose, how much do the two of you know about
Yaldabaoth?”
“Next to nothing.” Crow says.
“Not a lot…” Sumire admits.
Noir’s lips purse.
Sumire doesn’t want to admit in Crow’s presence that this would be an easier discussion to
have if Ren were here.
“I was also dead while the Phantom Thieves fought him.” Crow adds awkwardly, “So there’s
not much I can extrapolate aside from what I’ve been told.”
“Um, I was there,” Sumire says. “I just saw the red rain, and people disappearing for a bit.
And it looked like Mementos was… leaking? I guess?”
“Mementos and the real world had fused,” Crow continues, “Which is what Maruki
attempted to continue when he took Yaldabaoth’s power upon his defeat. But the initial
fusion only happened when the Phantom Thieves picked a fight.”
Sumire nods slowly, reabsorbing the information that Ren had already given her last timeline
when she asked.
She pauses.

“What if…” She starts, and shifts awkwardly as Crow and Noir’s attention snaps to her,
“What if Yaldabaoth can only do something once someone gets to the bottom of Mementos?”
Crow freezes, and Noir tilts her head contemplatively.
“That would mean that stalling progress through palaces would be counterproductive…”
Noir muses, “Sure, the Phantom Thieves can’t kill him without having access to the depths,
but then he couldn’t do anything either.”
Crow scowls, “Confident, is he?”
Noir shrugs, “It’s either that, or a permanent stalemate-”
The ground shakes.
Then, it shakes again.
Again, and again, thundering steps that shake loose dew and debris from the flora above, and
Sumire goes very still.
“Where are the goddamn PESTS?!” A shadow’s voice, layered and distorted, rings like an
alarm far above.
Noir’s face turns porcelain white, stark against her mask.
A pause.
Crow takes one slow, silent step back, unholstering his gun from his hip. The small click
spurs Sumire into action, and she hastily takes out her own firearm.
The ground shakes with another thunderous step.
“Damn rats.” The voice sneers, “This place is mine, understand?” The voice chuckles
lowly, and the light from above flits away in rapid movements, as the shadow moves about in
an uneven stagger, “Touch anything, and you won’t make it out of here alive.”
Noir finally reaches for her grenade launcher.
The shaking slows. Sumire doesn’t dare move from the shelter of the giant leaf that they’re
making use as cover.
“If I were a bottom-feeding parasite,” The shadow hisses, the shaking having stopped
entirely, the voice no longer echoing from different directions, “Where would I hide?”
Sumire leans forward to tug on the edge of Crow’s sleeve, waiting until he whirls around to
look at her.
Should we run? She tries to signal.

It takes a few attempts before understanding dawns on Crow’s face. He shakes his head
minutely; No.
Sumire takes a deep breath as quietly as she can.
Why not? She signals- a much easier sentiment to convey.
Crow pauses, and then leans in, pointing towards the voice they still can’t see.
“That,” He whispers, so quietly that Sumire has to strain to hear him, even only inches away,
“Is progress.”
Noir slides her ammunition into place with a small scrape of metal on metal.
The ground shakes again.
Noir holds up her hand, three fingers raised.
“Come on, now,” The shadow drawls, faux-benevolent, “I know you’re there!”
Crow’s head tilts in the direction of the voice. He points at each of them, and then in three
different directions. Noir nods, and waves her hand again. Sumire gives a weak thumbs-up,
ready for what may come.
The ground shakes. Closer, this time.
Noir lowers one of her fingers.
“Didn’t your parents ever tell you how rude it is to invite yourself into someone’s
masterpiece?”
Noir lowers another finger. Sumire bends her knees, ready to take off.
The ground shakes again, far too close.
“Are you rodents? Insects? I’ll have you know that I don’t tolerate-”
“Now!” Noir shouts, and Sumire lunges forward.
Without the safety of the ground flora, Sumire can finally see the shadow.
She hasn’t met Sugimura – hasn’t even seen a picture of him – but one look at the lumbering
giant, in a crisp gardener’s uniform, so tall that he presses against the ceiling of the
greenhouse, eyes gold and face twisted in a snarl; she knows who she’s looking at.
She dashes to the side, ducking and weaving between the labyrinth of planters to get into
position. As she skids into place, she aims and fires at Sugimura’s knees. The shadow lets out
a shriek of outrage, giant hands flying to cover the wound.
Opposite Sumire, Crow leaps on the edges of planters, summoning Loki in bursts to spring
off his sword. He unleashes rapid fire on Sugimura’s other joints, little pits of blood blooming

in pinpricks across the shadow’s skin.
Noir barely moves at all. She steps back, and delicately hauls herself onto the edge of one of
the planters, slinging her grenade launcher over her shoulder.
“Hello, Sugimura.” She says, ammunition clicking into place.

Chapter End Notes

Something of a set-up chapter, I suppose
Holy shit! Over 2,000 kudos! what the fuck! <3 <3 <3
You may have noticed that I've updated the tags- don't worry! It's basically me bringing
the tags up to speed for what is actually present in this fic, for the most part
Yaldy's whole /deal/ is... interesting. You could argue that he didn't incite ruin
immediately because he was bound by the rules of his game with Igor- but, the second
he took over the Velvet Room, he proved that he was more than willing to fight dirty to
win his game. Yaldabaoth doesn't have the same honour and detatched curiosity for
humanity that someone like Izanami does, and it shows. Yaldabaoth is arrogant, which
implies that something is stopping him from getting what he wants right off the bat.
Personally, it seems like Wildcards are the key. Yaldabaoth rigged the board so that he
would win no matter who killed who, but I think he still required that there be an
outcome. Unlocking the gates in Mementos could be a part of this, but he could
probably also get a shortcut through making a deal with a Wildcard- which neither Ren
or Akechi would be particularly partial to, for myriad reasons, so subtrefuge it is!
I am, of course, absolutely pulling like. half of that out of my ass HAHA but for the sake
of this fic, that's how it works. I would analyse the canonverse a little more thouroughly
if I could be bothered... I seem to have accidentally piqued my own interest lmao
Oh, and, yeah. Sugimura's shadow is like. the size of a three-story building.
Sooo Sammywolfgirl on tumblr made a very cute doodle of Sumi and Goro expaining
time travel to Haru- find it here!
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! So, I've realised that I may have spoke too soon on the "no more new
confidants! :)" front, because the truth of the matter is I actually have no idea if that's the
case, and that no one should ever listen to me when I say things. "things" also including
this statement, because this addendum could lead absolutely nowhere HAHA time will
tell

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 7
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 8
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sumire: [deep sigh] So, why did you endanger yourself by going to Shido's palace?
Akechi: Oh, like you haven't done stupid shit before.
Sumire: A ha! That's a tu quoque fallacy!
Akechi: Fuck. I shouldn't have given her that book on logical fallacies when she asked
me what the fuck post-hoc reasoning was.

Chapter 50
Chapter Summary

Time, flowers, and choices

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sugimura’s shadow looks down at the three of them as one might at ants crawling over their
shoes. Which, Sumire thinks, from the perspective of a shadow as enormous as Sugimura’s,
might not be an entirely inaccurate comparison.
Noir has her grenade launcher slung over her shoulder, aimed up at the shadow, feet rooted
against the top of the planter. Her lips are pressed together in a quiet anger, and Sumire can
see her posture drawn taught, even as far away as she is.
“Hello, Sugimura.” Noir’s voice easily projects through the greenhouse dome, and Sumire
raises her gun a little higher.
Sugimura’s golden eyes narrow, disgust making way for confusion. “Haru?”
Under her hat, Noir shakes her hair out of the way. “Does it surprise you, to see me here?”
She asks, steel betrayed only by a slight waver, “Does it surprise you that your fiancée isn’t
as obedient as you would hope?” She grits, eyes flicking down.
“Flowers aren’t supposed to leave.”
Noir’s head whips up.
“Flowers aren’t supposed to speak.” Sugimura’s shadow continues, “Flowers can’t walk on
their own- How did you leave your soil?”
Noir’s face is twisted in barely contained fury. Opposite Sumire, Crow lets out a disgusted
scoff.
“I’m not a flower.” Haru says slowly, “I left, because I don’t wish to be here.”
“But you are a flower.” Sugimura’s shadow counters, as though he’s stating fact, “You’d be
nothing without me. You prosper, because of what I’ve given you.”
“You haven’t given me shit.” Noir snarls, hand shaking over the trigger of her firearm, “Youyou really think you-”

“I don’t think that this is going anywhere.” Crow hisses in warning.
“No, let me-” Haru sucks in a breath, “Let me- I need to-”
Sumire presses her lips together.
Haru looks up again, “I wanted you to know,” She starts, voice slow, as though she’s
struggling to get the words out “That I will not be living with you. I will not be marrying
you.” Her voice starts to raise, “And that you will be confessing all of your crimes- you will
regret treating me like a doll you can play with.”
Sugimura’s golden eyes blink down, entirely uncomprehending to the display of fury and
rebellion. “Flowers,” The shadow says again, “Aren’t supposed to speak.”
Haru’s expression shutters.
“That’s quite the audacity you have there, Haru-chan.” Sugimura sneers, “What would your
father think if I told him? He’d probably let me replant you somewhere a little more secure-”
“Shut up!” Noir snaps, firing her grenade launcher.
In a flash, Crow shouts out, “Loki!” Sending the trickster god forward to slam his sword into
the back of Sugimura’s knees. Sumire starts, catching on, and aims her gun, firing round after
round into Sugimura’s legs.
“We can’t fight here!” Crow shouts, “We’ve gotten the gist- unless we’re looking to kill him,
then we have to go!”
“But-!” Noir protests, before cutting herself off with a frustrated yell.
“Noir!” Sumire yells, “I- please- Crow’s right!”
Noir fires off another grenade, Sugimura shrieking furiously in protest. Her jaw clenches, and
she haltingly slings her weapon off her shoulder. “Fine.” She grits, leaping off the top of the
planter, and dashing in the direction of the exit to the greenhouse.
Sumire sends a hurried nod in Crow’s direction, and they both quickly follow suit. The
ground shakes and windows rattle as Sugimura’s shadow gives pursuit, unsteady, as he still
reels from the various bullets lodged in his joints.
Noir storms into their last safe room, glaring at the wall so intensely that Sumire is afraid it
might burst into flames. Crow quickly takes out his phone as the foundations of the room
shake, dust and debris shaking loose from the rafters, andThey’re thrown back to the entrance, questions answered and anger heightened.
Sumire wonders how they’re going to fight a giant.
***

It’s clear that no one has a lot to say, following the infiltration.
Sumire seems to be at a loss. Haru looks as though she’s either about to blow a fuse or burst
into tears. And AkechiAkechi is starting to feel the weight of a timed infiltration such as this.
He’s frustrated- he can’t(He can’t settle on how to feel, that Sumire lied to him- what’s done is done, but he doesn’the thought- he assumed, that they had an understanding-)
(He can tell that Haru is cracking at the seams. They don’t have time- encountering
Sugimura’s shadow was necessary, important; shadows often have insight into the rest of the
palace, and it definitely means that whatever block was there has now been removedHe feels like he’s looking in a mirror, when he sees Haru’s expression, and he isn’t entirely
sure that they really know what their goal is anymore.)
And Akechi…
He’s not thinking about it. Not now.
YOU NEVER THINK ABOUT IT
At some point, you mustNot. Now.
Progress is progress- but they can’t make any more today. Not unless they feel like finding a
way around Sugimura’s giant shadow, or they feel like killing him.
Though unspoken, it’s clear that this will have to continue tomorrow. Sumire, looking
troubled, excuses herself relatively quickly upon making it back to reality.
Haru doesn’t move. She leans, arms stiff and back rigid, against the brick wall of the alley
they’ve made their infiltration point, and glares at the ground.
Quietly, Akechi moves to lean against the wall opposite her, waiting for her to start talking.
Haru takes a shaking breath.
Akechi tilts his head, “Your fiancé’s a piece of shit.”
Haru bursts into helpless giggles, “I know. I-” She takes a deep breath, “He- I don’t know
what I wanted from that. I already knew! I already know.”
Akechi considers his words. “Were you hoping for something better?”

Haru shakes her head, “No. No, I-” Her jaw trembles slightly, and she clenches it shut. “I
think,” She starts, “That I wanted him to acknowledge that I’m a threat.”
Akechi doesn’t- does not, he won’t think aboutHe grinds his teeth together.
“I wanted him to know that- that I’m more than- You understand, don’t you?” Haru whispers,
“You- don’t you get it?”
“Yeah.” Akechi breathes out.
Haru laces her fingers together, clenching them tight enough that her knuckles turn white.
Akechi can hear her jaw crack as her face twists.
"I want to kill him." Haru snarls, lip curled and so unlike the delicate porcelain features she
so often presents, "I hate him. I hate him so much-" She chokes on the words, face flushing
red from anger.
Akechi waits silently, not wanting to sway her in either direction.
Haru takes a shuddering breath, and makes a strangled, wet noise from the back of her throat
as she tries to keep talking. She swallows, and continues, "I keep thinking about how I would
do it. He disgusts me- I want- He thinks of me like- like he owns me! He really thinks that-!"
She trembles, shoulders tense, "My father," She says in a whisper, "He knows. He knows that
this is how that thing thinks of me, and still-"
"...You knew this already." Akechi points out, slowly.
A short, helpless, sob bubbles past Haru's lips, "I know!" She exclaims, borderline hysterical,
"I know, I know." She's shaking, and she lurches forward against Akechi's chest, clutching at
his shirt as the sobs come in bursts, "And I can’t seem to- I should want to kill him, too! Why
can’t I-?”
Akechi’s hands hover stiffly over Haru’s shoulders as she sniffles into his shirt.
“I should hate him, for what he- I do! I’m so- I’m so angry, but-” She heaves a breath around
her tears, “But all I can seem to think about is how I just wish-”
She pauses, and Akechi slowly lowers his hands to rest on her shoulders.
“I wish that he loved me. Because I don’t think he does, anymore.” She whispers.
Akechi doesn’t have anything to say to that.
(Lie. There’s so much he could say. But he’s afraid thatThe mirror he saw in Haru’s expression suddenly feels far sharper.)

“Do you think there’s a point?” Akechi asks quietly. He isn’t entirely sure what he’s asking
about.
(Another lie.)
Haru seems to understand anyway. She pulls back slightly to look up at his face, “I don’t
know. I used to think I could get my father to love me again if I tried hard enough. But-” She
presses her face back into Akechi’s chest, “That was before I even considered that he ever
stopped loving me to begin with.”
Akechi hums.
“This is pretty shit, huh?” He eventually says.
Haru laughs shakily, and stops clenching her hands around Akechi’s shirt, wrapping her arms
around his waist in a hug instead, “It is.” She agrees.
The Strength grows to rank eight.
“…Do you actually want to kill him?” Akechi asks, after a while.
“Who?”
“Sugimura.”
Haru doesn’t answer.
***
Haru doesn’t get much sleep, that night.
She doesn’t get a lot of sleep most nights, lately. But especially tonight, she can’t seem to
stop twisting and turning, thinking and thinking and unable to settle.
She’s never felt truly afraid in her own home, before.
Logically, she knows that nothing can happen to her here. She’s lived here her whole life, her
family has excellent security; there’s a whole squad of people who would sooner take a bullet
for her than let her suffer a papercut, and yetIs that really true?
Her own father, wants to sell her to that- to that thingMilady whispers in her ear.
Haru listens.
And,
…

She still doesn’t get any sleep.
She starts to wonder if Goro’s on to something, with his question.
***
Sumire wishes that she hadn’t left so quickly, yesterday- but she honestly just wasn’t sure
what to say.
Simply put, she’s never been in Haru’s situation. Oh, sure, she can relate to the insecurities
and the pressure and the expectations, but she’s never had anyone whoSumire thinks that Haru is really strong. She also wishes that she didn’t have to be.
During break, as an unspoken apology, Sumire follows Haru up to the roof to help with the
garden, silently pulling on some gloves and getting to work.
Haru still looks tense, though the furious lines in her face have dulled into a resigned
melancholy. Sumire isn’t sure if that’s better or worse.
“Sumi-chan,” Haru says suddenly, “How are you feeling?”
Sumire startles, and blinks, “You’re asking me?”
Haru smiles weakly, “I think I’m looking for a distraction.”
Sumire laughs uncomfortably, “Honestly? I think that everything that happened yesterday is
acting as a distraction from my problems.”
That startles a laugh out of Haru. “We’re at an impasse, then.”
“Yeah…” Sumire sighs, smiling sheepishly.
After a beat of silence, Sumire speaks up again, “So- did you and Goro do anything after I
left, yesterday?”
Haru frowns. “We did. Talk.”
“…About what happened?” Sumire presses.
Haru nods slightly, “Yes.” She sighs, “I just-” She lets out a frustrated huff.
Sumire offers a smile she hopes is commiserating, “It sucks.” She pauses. “He sucks. Your
fiancé, I mean.”
Haru grimaces, and rips out a weed with a little extra force, “I’m aware.”
Sumire falters slightly, “I- right.”
Haru pauses, “Sorry. I’m not trying to snap at you. I suppose I’m just… frustrated in
general.”

Sumire readjusts her gloves, “Did you… want to talk about it with me, as well?”
Haru laughs slightly, “I suppose you’d offer a different perspective, no?”
“Something like that?” Sumire says, tapping her fingers against her knees. She frowns,
“What did you talk about that would need a different perspective, though?” Sumire would
have assumed that Goro’s advice and reassurances would boil down to ‘your fiancé is a piece
of shit’, to which Sumire would heartily agree.
Haru’s face darkens for a beat. She bites at her lip, “I suppose we were discussing… our
goals.”
Sumire raises her eyebrows slightly in confusion, “Oh?”
Haru’s frown deepens, not looking up from the weeds she’s pulling, “Just- well.” Her brow
furrows, “We also spoke about my- my father, a bit.” She waves a hand dismissively, “But
that wasn’t very important, so-” She cuts herself off, frown still fixed in place.
Sumire nods slowly, “Alright…” She says, not entirely believing. “What was important,
then?”
“Oh, nothing, really.” Haru says airily, rearranging the soil methodically.
Sumire presses her lips together, unsure how much she’s allowed to push.
Eventually, Haru sighs.
“I’m not entirely sure what I want to do with him.” She says slowly, “Sugimura, I mean.”
Sumire frowns, “’Do with him’? I- everything should be fine once we change his heart, right?
Or it should buy some time, at least.”
Haru’s expression falls blank, and Sumire wonders what she said wrong. “Right.” Haru says
with a pasted-on smile.
“I mean-” Sumire rushes to try and correct- something, “What did you mean?”
Haru shakes her head, “Don’t worry about it, Sumi-chan.” She quickly turns back to the
plants, “We have to make some more progress, this afternoon. I think some of the veggies
here are ready, so we should be able to make use of those.”
Haru keeps rambling about palace preparations, and Sumire feels like she’s missed
something.
***
Ren isn’t surprised when Makoto corners him in a hallway during break, ambushed while
Morgana is wondering about elsewhere. He isn’t surprised when she gives him her best
Niijima glare and drags him to the student council room, either.

He hasn’t exactly been keeping up with his leader duties. It’s only natural thatRen just wants to be left alone.
There’s no time for that.
“What are we doing.” Makoto hisses, slamming her hands against the table in what must be
her best impression of Sae, “There are murderers on the loose, and you’re just-!”
“They’re not killing anyone.” Ren corrects, tired. “They’re changing Haru’s fiancé’s heart.
Sugimura was his name, I think?”
Makoto takes a sharp breath. Exhales. “Okay. Fine. That’s what they’re doing. What are we
doing?”
“We can’t go after Okumura.” Ren says, hoping his voice is steady, “Not right nowotherwise Shido is going to expect Akechi to kill him the second a calling card is sent, and
that’s going to put a lot of people in a lot of bad positions.”
“That doesn’t answer my question.” Makoto says tightly, “That’s what we can’t do.”
Ren thinks that if he shrugs, Makoto might hit him. “And what we can do, is wait.” Makoto
narrows her eyes, and Ren quickly tries to elaborate, “We’ll probably be working with them
eventually. But right now, they don’t want our help.”
Akechi doesn’t want their help.
(Apparently, neither does Sumire.)
So they won’t help.
Makoto works her jaw, and takes a deep breath, “So- we’re just supposed to- what? Wait
around?”
“That’s the gist.” Ren confirms. He thinks that if he sounds confident enough, he might be
able to convince himself that everything isn’t falling apart.
Because it isn’t falling apart- not really. They have everything they could need. Knowledge of
the future, knowledge of their enemies, knowledge of their enemies’ plans, andEverything is still falling apart. Because Ren can feel the Phantom Thieves slipping away in
the chaos and nothing will change if they don’t get it together.
Nothing will change if he doesn’t get it together.
…
Ren finds that he dislikes it when things are his fault. It’s a relatively new feeling, funnily
enough. Getting arrested? He was framed! The uproar over the Phantom Thieves? It’s hard to
feel guilty over saving people. But, then,

One missed step, one crumbling rock, and Ren feels like he’s tumbling down a mountain.
But Haru has made it clear that his help is not needed.
“It’ll be okay.” Ren says. “It’s just a few more days- the deadline is coming up.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “That’s not-” good enough, is how she probably intends to
finish it. She cuts herself off, however, and throws up her hands in defeat. “Fine.” She snaps,
and starts aggressively gathering her things.
“Makoto.” Ren starts, “Listen, we have to-”
“No, no, it really is fine!” Makoto says unconvincingly, “I just think that your priorities are
out of line.”
The leader mask cracks slightly. “Unless you want to get someone killed, then this is what we
have to do.” Ren snips back.
“Sure.” Makoto says dismissively, striding towards the door. “But maybe you’d be doing this
differently if you were paying any attention to how the rest of us are feeling.”
There are a million excuses, defences, reasons, that sit on the tip of Ren’s tongue to rebut
that, but Makoto slams the door behind her before he gets the chance.
Great.
Ren sighs, exhausted, leaning back in his chair and running a hand through his fringe.
He…
As soon as school lets out, Ren takes a walk. He trusts that Morgana will find his own way
home.
He tries not to think. About anything, really, but especially not about the task at hand,
especially not about the Phantom Thieves, especially not about AkechiBut avoidance turns out to be rather difficult, when the whispers that swirl in burst around
Shujin, Shibuya, Tokyo, all seem so intent on reminding him of just that.
“Wasn’t the way the Phantom Thieves took down Medjed so cool?!”
“They sure showed that Akechi guy. I bet he’s only using the thieves for attention, anyway.”
“I can’t wait for the thieves’ next target!”
“What’s taking them so long? It’s nearly been two months!”
“Right? Okumura’s been at the top of that poll for so long. Why are the thieves slacking on
this?”

Ren is sick of it.
He rounds a corner (the corner, as far as he’s concerned) on central street, intent on avoiding
the Velvet Room and perhaps allowing his brain to go on autopilot as he rehashes
conversations he’s already had with Iwai. The Hanged Man isn’t quite up to snuff, after all.
His avoidance, again, is thwarted quickly.
Ren blinks.
“You don’t…” He starts, and clears his throat, “Usually, it’s only one of you out here.”
Caroline and Justine give him matching derisive looks.
“Well now it’s both of us!” Caroline snaps, holding her baton out to bar the jail door.
“Your rehabilitation is temporarily on hold, inmate.” Justine intones serenely.
Ren can only gape, “But-” He stops himself, and grits his teeth.
Yaldabaoth. Who else could possibly be responsible?
Ren tries not to spiral, tries to avoid thinking of every worst-case scenario, but he can only
get stuck on how he remembers, the Grail remembers, what does that mean for them what is
he going to do“Are you just going to stand there, inmate?” Caroline scoffs, “Get a move on!”
Ren rolls his lips together. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m moving.”
Ren dutifully walks away, deciding he isn’t in the mood for gun modification, and tries not to
let his eyes linger on the twins. The Velvet Room isn’t unstuck in time, it seems.
He hopes Lavenza doesn’t mind waiting as much as everyone else seems to.
***
Sumire nearly jumps when she makes eye contact with Ren on central street.
She had been headed towards the alley that they’ve designated as their palace entrance point,
but she stops rather abruptly when Ren seems just as surprised as she is.
There’s a beat of uncomfortable waiting on either side of the street, before Ren is the first to
cave and walk over.
“Hey, Sumire.” Ren says as he approaches, surprisingly casual. Or, at least, more casual than
Sumire thinks she would have been able to pull off.
“Oh, um. Hello.” She says, confirming her un-casual theory.
“Yeah.” Ren mumbles, not as casual as he once seemed.

Sumire uncomfortably readjusts her glasses, “Did- did you need something?”
Ren grimaces, “No- I just- wanted to say hi?”
“You sound unsure.” Sumire says, going for teasing, but landing somewhere in ‘insecure’.
Ren gives a short, embarrassed, hum. “Uh. Yeah. Are you going somewhere?”
“The palace, yeah.” Sumire
“Oh, right.” Ren mutters, “…You’ve been doing that every day, then?”
“Yep.” Sumire says, popping the ‘p’. “Um, it’s been going okay.” She adds, because that feels
like the thing to do in a non-stilted conversation.
The conversation remains stilted, nonetheless. Off its axis, jammed full of knots, and painted
with a thin coat of small talk.
Sumire doesn’t know how to feel. All her interactions with Ren post everything have been in
a somewhat professional capacity. They didn’t have to talk, really talk, about anything
important- why would they? There were things to explain, topics to juggles, thieves to talk
down, and a whole mountain of other things that stood between them and the elephant in the
room.
But, now.
Now still isn’t the time.
(Sumire is growing awfully sick of the phrase.)
“It’s going okay.” Sumire repeats. “Um, but, I- have to go…?”
Ren startles, “Oh, sorry.” He twists his fringe between his fingers in such a familiar gesture
that Sumire almost smiles, “I’ll- let you get to it?”
“Yes.” Sumire confirms, unsure when the polite time to walk away is.
“Oh, but, um- be careful.” Ren stutters out, “I mean, I know you’re capable. That all of you
are capable, just-” He gestures vaguely.
Sumire’s lips curl up tentatively, “Don’t worry, we will be.”
Ren nods, and presses his lips together. “Good.” He swallows, “Good.”
***
Minor hiccups aside, Sumire thinks that their progress through the palace is going quite well.
Relatively.

At the very least, they haven’t run into Sugimura’s shadow again. The trek through the palace
has otherwise been wrought with tense silence- both Crow and Noir are strung tight with
nervous energy, sharing the occasional glance that Sumire can’t begin to discern the meaning
of.
But, progress is being made.
They had to traverse through the greenhouse again- a foul reminder of their last infiltration,
but a much smoother experience this time around. No giants came to rattle the glass walls
and ceiling with their thunderous steps, and the tropical backdrop was almost pleasant- the
leering Venus flytraps staying mercifully out of reach.
Once they reach the saferoom at the other side of the greenhouse, Sumire fidgets
uncomfortably in the time dedicated to a short rest.
“Um.” She tentatively speaks up, grimacing as Crow and Noir’s heads snap to look at her,
“So- how much further do you think we have left, Crow?”
Crow tilts his head, “It’s hard to say exactly, but I believe we’ve traversed a solid third of this
place.”
Noir hums, “That’s good. And we’ve barely started today, so we can probably make it quite a
bit further.”
“We have to make it quite a bit further.” Crow corrects, “If our deadline is the eleventh, then
we need to change Sugimura’s heart by the tenth, meaning we have to send a calling card by
the ninth- that’s only two days from now. Have you thought about that, by the way?” He says,
turning to give Noir a pointed look.
Noir presses her lips together, and Sumire blinks in confusion, “About what we’re going to
put on the calling card, you mean?”
Crow’s eyebrows hike up, not turning to look at Sumire. Noir’s frown deepens.
“I’m still thinking.” She says primly, and Sumire really feels like she’s missing something.
Crow and Noir’s staring match continues until Sumire clears her throat. “Uh- Should we…
move on?”
Noir startles, and nods, “Yes- yes, we should.”
Crow’s eyebrows raise even higher, but he shrugs, “Sure. I think we’ve rested enough.” He
concedes.
The next part of the palace mirrors the entrance.
The tropics encased in glass make way for an open courtyard, still several times larger than a
garden for a regular sized human should be. Vivid flower arrangements stand in neat rows,
scattering petals across the tiled mosaic floors. Above, wooden arches with creeping wisteria
frame the sky, the edges of Sumire’s vision buckling and warping under the distortion.

“It’s… kind of pretty out here?” Sumire suggests weakly.
Noir hums noncommittally.
Crow scoffs, “Only as appealing as the rest of the palace.”
Sumire grimaces, “Yeah.” She shudders, feeling the back of her neck tingle, “I really don’t
like this place.”
That finally draws a smile out of Noir, “I think we’re all in agreement, there.”
Sumire giggles, “If only we had some fire skills, huh?”
Crow smirks, “Are you suggesting we partake in arson, Violet?”
“I- well- I guess?” Sumire splutters as Noir starts giggling. She puffs out her cheeks, “No, I
am suggesting that! This place is terrible!”
Noir brings a hand to her face in a futile attempt to hide her giggles, “Maybe we should-”
She’s cut off as the ground shakes.
“Not again.” Noir hisses furiously, mirth entirely forgotten. Her grenade launcher is over her
shoulder faster than Sumire can blink, and she quickly scrambles for her rapier to match
Noir’s stance.
“Wait.” Crow holds up a hand, and Sumire and Noir pause.
There’s a beat, as another quake sends wisteria petals fluttering down from above.
“It’s not a shadow.” Crow says, eyes narrowing behind his visor.
“Then what is it?” Sumire asks in a whisper. Shadow or no, she gets the feeling whatever’s
wandering around won’t hesitate to crush them beneath its heel if they get caught.
Crow tilts his head, suddenly looking remarkably like his namesake, “I think…” He
murmurs, “That it’s a cognition.”
“Of what, though?” Noir mutters, voice still dripping with vitriol, “Someone else that lives in
Sugimura’s apartment?”
“It could just be someone he thinks about a lot, couldn’t it?” Sumire asks, remembering the
cognitions of patients within Maruki’s palace- the cognition of her when she first awakened.
“Yes, it could.” Crow confirms. He gestures forward as another thud shakes the wooden
arches above, “Shall we find out?”
Noir bites at her lip, slowly lowering her grenade launcher, and nods, “Let’s go.”
They creep along the edges of the planters housing the assortments of flowers, using the
rhythmic thuds like sonar to find their mark.

Sumire can hear Haru’s jaw click in fury as they find what -or who, rather- they’re looking
for.
Sumire hasn’t met Kunikazu Okumura in person. She has, however, seen him die on national
television.
All this to say that she’s a bit shocked that her second encounter with the man’s likeness is to
see him rigidly watering flowers- measuring out the liquid in some strict and unseen routine
that he follows.
The cognition makes no indication that he notices the three of them, going about his
fabricated business as Sumire can hear Haru beginning to grind her teeth into dust.
Sumire flicks her eyes nervously between the two Okumura’s. “What- should we-?”
“We can fight this one, right?” Haru mutters under her breath.
Crow huffs a breath that might be a laugh, “We can. But it’ll just come back later. It would
save more energy just to slip by.”
Noir rolls her lips together, considering.
Sumire nudges her slightly, pointing towards the towering form of her father, “I think he’s
leaving…”
They watch, hidden by petals shifting just above, as the cognition scowls down at the
flowerbeds, slowly wandering away.
“Did you want to chase him down?” Crow asks.
Noir takes a deep breath, and shakes her head, “No. No- we can… we can let it be.”
Crow hums in confirmation, then frowns, “We might run into him later.”
“When we send the calling card, or something?” Sumire asks.
Crow shrugs, “Something like that. Cognitions as prominent as Okumura here tend to serve
as security around palaces. We should probably avoid pissing him off as long as possible.”
Noir hums softly, and grips at her axe.
They continue on in silence.
The open courtyard stretches on far longer than the greenhouse did, buttercups blending into
orange lilies blending into yellow roses.
Sumire doesn’t think much of it, until she sees an arm sticking out of the stem of one of the
flowers.
“Uh.” She stutters. “Guys-?”

“What is it, Violet?” Noir asks, in a marginally better mood since she saw her father
lumbering around. Sumire grimaces as she prepares to ruin it.
“These flowers are… looking a bit, um, human?” Sumire points into the thicket of stems,
where a tangle of arms, legs, and -as she gets a closer look- generally feminine forms reside.
Crow’s head snaps up as he turns to look, “Oh, for-” He scoffs, “Should’ve known.
Sugimura’s shadow practically spelled this shit out for us when we saw him.”
Noir takes a deep breath, looking to be taking an effort to restrain herself.
Sumire winces, and looks around, biting her lip as she sees the impression of faces on some
of the budding stems. “Are they… alive?” She murmurs.
Crow hums thoughtfully, and hops up to bat at one of the stems with the flat edge of his
sword. When he receives no reaction, he jabs it with the pointed edge, narrowing his eyes
when the limbs don’t even twitch as sap beads around the cut.
“I suppose not.” He declares, jumping back down.
“He doesn’t even see them as people.” Noir hisses, “Who even are they? All the women he’s
ogled? All the women he’s-?” She cuts herself off, her lip curling with disgust.
Sumire presses her lips together, shifting in discomfort at the possibilities. “Well, we’re
stopping him, so…” She forces a smile, “It’ll be okay! Whatever he’s doing, he won’t ever be
able to do it again after we’re done with him.”
Noir’s expression darkens. “No.” She murmurs. “He won’t.” Her face twists in the facsimile
of a smile, “You’re right. Thank you, Violet.”
Sumire nods, her expression becoming a little less forced. “Should we get going? We’ve still
got a lot of palace to get through.”
Noir straightens up, “We should.” She starts forward, then pauses, “Crow? We’re going.”
Sumire frowns as she sees that Crow has yet to tear his eyes away from a patch of carnations,
eyes set in a glare. Sumire trots over to his side, nudging at his shoulder.
He startles slightly at the contact, eyes quickly flicking to her, and then back to the flowers,
frown twisting a little deeper.
“…I hate this place.” Crow mutters. He winces as he stretches his shoulder out, and Sumire
frowns. “I hate people like him.”
Sumire turns to look at the carnations with him.
“…Did you want to go fight some shadows in Mementos after this?” She offers.
A surprised snort escapes Crow’s mouth. He bites at his lips. “No,” He eventually says, “We
can just tear our way through the shadows here.”

Sumire gives a hearty nod, “Shall we, then?”
Crow finally looks away from the flowers, a smirk pulling his face upwards, “That sounds
wonderful.”

Chapter End Notes

Sugimura is just a really gross guy in general
In other news, I finished p3r! I'm in shambles! ...I'll probably start a ng+ run lmao
in other other news, all those flowers mentioned in Sugimura's garden have a variety of
meanings pertinent to the man's general gross-ness, but it's been a few weeks since I
wrote this chapter, so I can't remember what they are HA. Oh well! I think a solid few of
them are associated with pride and arrogance, though. (And carnations are there, toothough that was less Palace/mindstate symbolsim and more, uh. literary symbolism?)
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! The Strength is catching up, huh?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 8
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 8
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 4
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX

___
Haru: Sumi-chan, one or two?
Sumire: Uh- what? T-two, I guess?
Haru: Murder it is. Thanks for your input!

Chapter 51
Chapter Summary

Calling cards, meetings, and discourse

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Makoto is starting to get sick of this.
This, being, well, everything. She’s sick of the waiting, she’s sick of the standstill, and she’s
sick of everyone acting like this is fine. (Because absolutely none of this is fine!)
All that, and she’s definitely sick of Ren’s laissez faire attitude. She’s starting to wonder if he
cares at all. He’s certainly not acting like it.
So, since Ren seems to be taking an extended break from being their leader, Makoto is left
with all the work. Ren may be more than happy to place lives into the hands of a known
murderer and the two people that enable him, but Makoto isn’t nearly that trusting.
So, she has to get answers.
Haru is likely still hostile. Makoto is not talking to Akechi. SumireShe can only talk to Sumire, then.
(Frankly, she isn’t any more comforted by that option than the others- Makoto doesn’t know
what possessed her to break down crying in front of Sumire twice, now – she’s doing her best
to forget.)
She doesn’t bother enlisting the help of any of the other thieves. Yusuke and Futaba don’t go
to Shujin (And Makoto isn’t so heartless as to ask Futaba to talk to the girl aiding her
mother’s murderer), Morgana, though he seems to want answers as well, is tight-lipped and
trusts Ren implicitly, and Ann and Ryuji appear to be more than happy to play the waiting
game.
So alone she’ll go.
“Sumire-chan.” Makoto calls, as Sumire takes half a step out of her classroom. “Could I take
some of your time to speak to you in the student council room?”
Sumire resembles a deer in headlights as she freezes with one foot in the air. Immediately,
whispers erupt from the other students in the corridor.

“Um-” Sumire gapes, then clicks her jaw shut. A look of tired resignation creeps onto her
face, “Of course, Makoto-senpai. I’ll, um,” She frowns, “Right now?”
“If you would.” Makoto says flatly.
“Right.” Sumire mutters, stiffly trailing along as Makoto leads the way back to the student
council room.
“So,” Makoto says crisply as they both take a seat, “I’d like you to answer some questions,
please.”
“Didn’t we already have this conversation?” Sumire asks weakly, clearly not as forgetful of
their last encounter as Makoto had hoped.
“Well, I figured you be a little more willing to actually talk, now that everything is actually
on the table.” Makoto says dryly.
Sumire seems to genuinely consider this, and she nods with a half-hearted shrug. “I guess?
Um- ask away.”
“Why are you and Haru-san really working with Akechi?” Makoto fires instantly.
When Ren, Haru, and Sumire all sat down to explain the situation they’ve found themselves
in, they all listed friendship as the main reason for why they’re willing to help a murderer.
(Or, in Ren’s case, something more. She doesn’t want to think about that.)
Makoto doesn’t believe that for a second.
There’s just no way that“Well, he really is our friend.” Sumire says with a tentative smile, so genuine that Makoto has
no choice but to believe her.
Goddamnit.
“Are you serious?” She doesn’t snap.
Sumire fiddles with her glasses, “Yeah.” She says simply, “It’s not like we’re all… well.
We’re trying to stop more people from dying.”
“Ren gave the same speech.” Makoto says bitterly.
“Oh-” Sumire perks up, “if you’ve already spoken with Ren-senpai, then he probably has
more answers than I do about-”
“Why won’t you let us help?” Makoto cuts her off, uninterested in whatever time travel spiel
she has prepared. “If you’re not hurting people, then surely you shouldn’t have a problem
with us being there.”

Sumire’s lips tilt into an unhappy slant at the accusation. “…I think you’re being unfair,
Makoto-senpai.”
“Since when was any of this fair?” Makoto snaps.
“Well-!” Sumire huffs, looking a bit flustered, “I know it’s not! None of this is! But it isn’tcan’t we just have this?” She asks, desperation starting to creep into her voice, “There are
gods we have to fight- and we have to work with the thieves for those, so can’t we just have
this time?”
“So you’re stalling.” Makoto accuses.
Sumire shrugs, “A little, I guess. But it’s not like we can’t handle Sugimura’s palace as it is.”
Makoto wonders how true that is. “You can think of it like… a holiday! Or something.”
From the girl’s slightly sheepish look, Makoto is sure that she knows how weak that
suggestion sounds.
She takes a deep breath. Holds it. breathes it out.
Makoto feels like this is going just as poorly as her conversation with Ren.
“So you need us.” Makoto starts, “Why do we need you?”
Sumire had been starting to nod, but she freezes as the question finishes. She frowns. “Um. Is
that-?” She falters, looking confused, “Are you trying to…?”
“Nevermind.” Makoto hisses under her breath, trying not to feel childish as she moodily gets
to her feet.
“Wait- Makoto-senpai!” Sumire quickly calls out, “I- I get that you don’t like us- I do! But- I
really think that we all need to work together, even if we don’t like it-”
“Oh, spare me.” Makoto groans out, “I-”
There’s a low rumble of disproval from Johanna.
Get it together.
Somewhere, Makoto knows that she’s being unreasonable. She knows that no one has any
semblance of control in this situation, when they’re a bunch of teenagers stuck fighting gods
and dying and time travelling to reset it all, but,
It’s just soFrustrating.
She hates that the control she seized at the start of it all has ran out of her hands in rivulets
and drops, pitter-pattering onto the ground below.

She needs it back. She has to get it back. SheShe closes her eyes, and sighs.
“I” Makoto tries again, “Will speak with you later, Sumire-chan.”
“Makoto-senpai…” Sumire trails off.
Makoto leaves the room before she can dig herself a deeper hole.
She needsShe cuts her thoughts off before she can spiral. She can’t get what she needs, and she
certainly can’t get what she wants, so what’s next?
If Ren isn’t going to play leader, Makoto thinks again, and reaches for her phone.
Makoto: Could you call a meeting? Without Ren.
Makoto: I’d like to discuss the situation, and he’s being rather obtuse.
A pause.
Futaba: ( -_-)b
***
“-And none of them are giving us any answers!”
Futaba taps at her knees absently, as all the thieves sans Ren are crammed into her bedroom.
Makoto, for the most part, has been doing all the talking.
Futaba is more than content to let her. She doesn’t have much to add.
…She’s feeling more and more like she’s sliding backwards, lately. Ann seems to have
noticed, as she catches Futaba’s eye to give her a small, encouraging smile.
Ryuji groans, and wipes his hands over his face, “I get it. It sucks. But what else are we
supposed ‘ta do?”
Makoto throws up her hands, and says nothing, expression pinched.
Yusuke hums, “Akechi-kun seems most averse to working with us, from our brief
conversation-”
“You talked to him?” Makoto blurts.
“Over text.” Yusuke says lightly, as though nothing about that is strange. “He blocked me.”
“Oh, I managed to get a phone call in!” Ann chimes in, raising her hand. She wilts slightly,
“He, uh, also blocked me.”

Futaba raises an eyebrow. Ann shrugs.
“What did you talk about?” Makoto asks warily.
“Oh- this was before Sumire-chan, Haru-san, and Ren explained everything to us,” Ann says,
“So I was trying to get him to spill.” She grimaces, “He… mostly told me to fuck off.”
“Ah!” Yusuke looks pleased, “He told me much the same.”
“This is so weird.” Ryuji mutters under his breath, and the leans forward, “Look, I trust Ren,
aight? If we says we gotta wait, then we gotta wait.”
“I don’t think Ren knows what out end goal is.” Makoto counters.
“I don’t think he does either.” Morgana agrees, hopping up onto Futaba’s desk to gain some
height, “But I think Haru, Yoshizawa, and Akechi do. So…”
“And we’re just going to go along with them?” Makoto mutters.
No one has an immediate response. Futaba holds her silence.
“I mean…” Ann pipes up, “From what Ren told us, the only thing that went wrong last time
was Akechi-kun dying- so we just have to avoid that!”
Futaba bites at her lip.
Ryuji makes a face, “I kinda think the world ending might’a been a step up from that.”
“Yeah,” Ann elbows him, “And that happened because Akechi-kun died!”
Yusuke hums, “I’d argue that it was more Ren’s decision-”
“Are we seriously getting into this!?” Morgana yowls over whatever that debate was going to
turn into. “The world ended! We kind of know how to avoid that! End of story!”
“I’m a little more concerned about what happens in between now and then.” Makoto says,
“Doctor Maruki seems like a separate entity than everything else.”
“There was another god that we supposedly have to deal with, no?” Yusuke points out,
“Yaldabaoth, was it?”
“Oh, right…” Ann sighs wearily.
“And all that Shido stuff.” Morgana adds, tail flicking back and forth, “And, uh…”
Makoto scowls, “My sis.”
Yusuke frowns, “Well. At least we have an itinerary?”
“We’re not on vacation.” Makoto says snippily.

Yusuke shakes his head, “No. But I don’t believe that we need to worry so much about trust,
when we’re simply following the beats that already worked last timeline.”
“And what about the shit that didn’t work?” Ryuji fires back, “I dunno. I’m with Makoto on
the ‘no information’ thing.”
“Thank you.” Makoto mumbles quietly.
“And,” Futaba speaks up for the first time, startling everyone, “Even if we’ve got a guide, or
whatever, how do we know that someone,” Akechi, she doesn’t know how to feel about
Akechi, “Doesn’t want to change up some of the major points?”
There’s a round of contemplative frowns and hums.
“Akechi has still been killing people, this time.” Makoto murmurs, “There have still been
psychotic breakdowns, and mental shutdowns.”
“Shit, didn’t they, like,” Ryuji abruptly straightens up, “Say that the principal’s death was
actually a mental shutdown, a while back? Not a suicide?”
“Oh, yeah.” Ann mumbles, then shakes her head, “But, Ren said that Akechi-kun can’t stop,
right? Even if he wanted to? It’s a whole political conspiracy.”
“My point,” Makoto says, “Is that I don’t think we can trust him.”
“I dunno what to think about that guy.” Ryuji mutters, “I thought he was an asshole. Then he
teamed up with us, and I thought maybe he wasn’t so bad. Then it turns out he’s been a
murderer assassin whatever this whole time, and I just-” He throws up his hands, “Ugh!”
“I must admit, this has all been rather disheartening.” Yusuke sighs, “I- hm.”
“I dunno what to feel.” Futaba says quietly.
Makoto’s eyes widen, “Really? I thought you’d have, um,” She falters, “A stronger opinion.”
“I-” Futaba huffs, “I dunno.”
She doesn’tShe doesn’t want to think aboutDo not avert your eyes, Necronomicon whispers, an ever-persistent reminder.
“I think Ren’s pretty set on working with those three, though.” Morgana points out, “He
seems to trust Akechi, too.”
“I think Ren has a conflict of interest on that front.” Ann says awkwardly, tugging at her hair.
“And no matter what Ren thinks,” Makoto cuts in, “We’re supposed to decide things
unanimously.”

“What else can we do, though?” Ann asks. “Like, I get that we’re all worried, or whatever,
but wouldn’t the extra help be great for what we have to do?”
“If Sumire and Haru are that strong, can you imagine how nuts Akechi’ll be?” Ryuji points
out.
“Right,” Ann says with the ghost of a smile. Her expression grows a touch more serious, “I
just don’t think we have much of a choice.”
Makoto bites at her lip, “I don’t think they have a choice, either. Sumire-chan implied that
they needed us for after when they deal with Haru-san’s fiancé.”
“Then this debate is meaningless, no?” Yusuke says, folding his arms neatly, “None of us
really have a say in the matter, if we all wish to achieve our goals. The only issue is our own
personal moral hangups.”
Futaba tries to ignore how everyone’s eyes flick to her.
Futaba shrugs with her entire body, knees pressed to her chest as she rocks back and forth in
her chair, “I guess it doesn’t matter.” She lies.
“It does matter, Futaba-chan.” Ann insists, “If you don’t want to do this, then we’ll figure
something out.”
“No, I-” Futaba deflates, “I meant it, when I said I don’t know how to feel. I got really mad,
in Mementos, but now…”
Now, she’s had time to think. Now, she’s had time to unpack everything she’s learned. She’s
done nothing but that, over the past few days, so she’s had more than enough time to connect
the scrawny kid Sojiro talked about to Haru’s pointed comments to the guy that killed her
mom, andShe doesn’t want to have that conversation. She doesn’t want to talk to Akechi, doesn’t even
want to look at him, butFutaba groans, knocking her forehead against her knees. This is a mess.
“You said it.” Morgana mutters, because apparently Futaba said that last part out loud.
“How long until they complete the palace they’re working on?” Yusuke asks.
“A few days?” Makoto shrugs, “Maybe a week? Ren and Sumire-chan both implied that it
wouldn’t be long.”
Great. So Futaba has to get her shit together in a week tops.
She can do that!
She shrinks into herself a little more.

She…
“We’ll figure it out!” Ann says with forced cheer.
Yeah.
***
Ann doesn’t know if they can figure it out.
She had said it with such confidence that everyone looked like they believed her, but she’s
pretty sure they didn’t actually believe her. Or, they’re lying to themselves as much as she is.
Which is fine. She doesn’t mind! Because even if they don’t figure it out, they’ll figure it outwhich made more sense in the abstract before she properly articulated the thought, but it still
checks out.
She’s confused, to put it simply.
She’s confused, because all of this was supposed to make sense. Shadows, personas, and the
overall weirdness of the Metaverse aside, everything the Phantom Thieves were doing had a
rhythm, a pattern. Even the far-off whispers of the black mask and the anxiety of the mental
shutdowns and psychotic breaks were just that. Far-off.
Then, Ren had started getting visions of the future.
But Ann could deal with that, too. The Phantom Thieves had faced far worse than a little bit
of prophecy at that point. Of course they could deal with that! Steal Okumura’s heart, save
Haru from the obvious threat, save Akechi from the hidden threat, make sure the black mask
doesn’t ruin everything.
Easy!
…Ann thinks she might be a little too good at compartmentalising.
She’s confused, because the boy they were supposed to be saving turned out to be the man
they’re supposed to be hunting down, and Ann has never felt like she’s misjudged someone
more than when she found out Akechi is a murderer.
(…
But did she misjudge him?
That’s not a question she wants to voice. She wouldn’t like the answer no matter who she
asks, she thinks.)
And, now, she’s stuck in the liminal period of waiting around. Even though she knows it’s the
only thing she can do, it still irks her.
She can tell everyone else feels much the same. Or, variations of it, at least.

As they leave Futaba’s room, Yusuke looks troubled, Makoto looks like she’s trying not to
snap at someone, and Morgana just seems quiet. Futaba stays behind, naturally, looking just a
little bit lost.
And Ryuji, weirdly, falls into step with Ann, meandering along the streets to Yongen station.
“Hey.” He mumbles.
“Hey.” Ann replies.
Ryuji puffs out his cheeks, and blows a breath through his teeth. “Kinda wild, huh?”
“No kidding.” Ann laughs slightly.
“Yeah. It’s just-” He runs a hand through his hair, “It kinda sucks. All of this. That we don’t
even get a say on what we wanna do?”
Ann nods slowly. “What do you think you would want to do if we did get a say?” She has an
idea, for what she would do, but…
Ryuji shrugs, and throws up his hands, “I dunno!” He groans, “I mean, I guess I’d go along
with what Ren wanted to do- and I know what he wants to do, but, like-” He huffs.
“You don’t like it?” Ann presses.
“Well-” Ryuji cuts himself off, “I just don’t get it. I might’a gotten it, before we knew,” He
waves a hand, “All this, but- Ren’s into that? Seriously?”
Ann snorts, and claps her hand over her mouth to muffle her giggles, “Well. No accounting
for taste?”
“There’s a difference between taste and whatever this is.” Ryuji grumbles. He sighs loudly
over Ann’s laughter, “But seriously. Ren’s my bro and all, but you saw how messed up
Futaba looks, right?”
Ann’s laughter dies out quickly at that comment. She frowns, and bites at her lip. “Yeah.” She
admits. “Makoto isn’t happy either.”
“I think Makoto n’ I’ve got the same reasons for bein’ pissed.” Ryuji says, “Or, similar, I
guess. No one’s really layin’ down what we’re supposed to do. And we’re, what? Just goin’
along with the script of last timeline, or whatever?”
“This is all crazy.” Ann whines at the mention of time travel, “Like- this is not what I
expected when we got into this.”
“You’re tellin’ me…” Ryuji mutters. “It’s weird to think about how this is already the doover, y’know?”
“Right!” Ann exclaims, “It’s like we- we lost! I can’t even…”

They haven’t lost, yet. They never lose, that’s been constant, all throughout their tenure as
Phantom Thieves. They’ve felt unstoppable, like nothing could ever breach their defencesBut to know that things got bad enough that Ren chose to lose?
Ann takes a breath, “But- it’s not like it’s even that different now, right? Knowing all this?
It’s not like we expected to have any do-overs if we messed up.”
“But it’s still different, yeah?” Ryuji says, hitting Ann’s internal monologue on the head,
“Like- yeah. You get me.”
“I get you.” Ann confirms with a laugh, bumping into his shoulder as they wander a little
further down the street.
After a beat, Ryuji continues, “This all feels so- much. When we got into this, it was just you,
me, Mona, and Ren, beatin’ up some bad guys. And then it got bigger and bigger- and that
felt all normal or whatever, but now we’ve gotta work with an assassin? We’ve gotta fight
god?”
“Two of them.” Ann points out dryly.
Ryuji groans, and drags a hand down his face, “Man, I can barely do my homework
sometimes!”
Ann snickers, and shakes her head with an air of despair, “I guess we’re doomed.”
Ryuji thwacks her on the arm, “Don’t joke about that shit!” He sighs, “I guess that’s one of
the good things about workin’ with Sumire and them- they’re strong as shit.” He pouts as he
pokes at his stomach, “Those guns hurt.”
Ann rolls out the phantom pains in her shoulders from Sumire’s swords and Haru’s guns,
“Definitely.” She grimaces, “I was freaking out when we ran into them in Mementos.”
“Same.” Ryuji says. “Good thing they didn’t wanna actually hurt us, huh?”
Ann hums, considering. “That’s a good point.” She tilts her head, “I honestly think we can
trust them. If they wanted to kill us, they probably could have beaten us pretty easy. Or left us
for the reaper.”
“Hey! The reaper was a group effort.” Ryuji insists.
Ann laughs, and pats him on the shoulder, “Sure was. You were a pro with the revival items.”
Ryuji grumbles something under his breath, even though Ann was actually trying to be
genuine.
After a pause, Ryuji presses his lips together, “You really sure we can trust ‘em?”
Ann wants to say yes, definitively. She wants to say that this will be easy, that she hasn’t
misjudged anyone before, and she won’t be starting now, that Futaba and Makoto will get

over it, that no one has ulterior motives, that everything will be okay.
But how can she just ask them to get over it?
She knows that isn’t fair, butAs ever, they don’t have a choice.
(And, despite how short and disastrous her last conversation with Akechi was, she’d really
like to talk to him again- just to see, just to understandBut, she’s been blocked.
Soon, soon. She’ll have a chance soon.)
Ann can only shrug, helplessly.
“I hope so.” She says quietly.
Ryuji sighs through his nose, “Yeah. I hope so too.”
***
The last stretch of Sugimura’s palace is almost pleasant.
Relatively. Akechi still wants to claw his skin off every time he looks at a new bed of
flowers, but at least they haven’t had to dodge any giants, this run.
Robin Hood confirms that the only cognitions in this place are Okumura and the flowers he
tends to. So that’s something, at least.
(He finds it disconcerting. All the flowers have had distinctive facial features, clearly
representative of real women- but they’ve yet to see one resembling Haru.
No one has brought it up- why would they want to? But Akechi knows there has to be a
cognition of Haru here, and heHe doesn’t fear what Haru will do, when she sees it; but he is curious, and, perhaps-concerned. A novelty.
…A rather frequent one, as of late.)
Despite the scenery, and despite the weight of dread, it isn’t long before Akechi, Haru, and
Sumire find themselves standing in a gazebo, many times larger than life, with a shimmering
fog suspended in its centre.
“Is that it?” Haru asks, tilting her head at the treasure.
“Yes.” Akechi confirms with a nod, remembering the end of Sae’s palace, and the glimpse of
what should have been victory in the trees of Maruki’s Eden.

“Then we’re done!” Sumire claps her hands together, looking relieved, “All that’s left is the
calling card!”
And, a fight with a giant. But Akechi isn’t in the mood to ruin Sumire’s cheer.
He wonders if Haru has made up her mind, yet.
“We should head back.” Akechi says, stepping away from the treasure, “We have to get the
calling card out by tomorrow.”
Haru nods, “Then we can write it tonight.”
Sumire nods eagerly, “Right! Oh. But, where can we…?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “The two of you invited yourselves over to my apartment before, so
you might as well come over for arts and crafts as well.”
Haru giggles slightly, “Pardon the intrusion.”
Akechi doesn’t tell them that he doesn’t mind all that much.
***
Akechi gets the feeling that Haru and Sumire can see right through him, either way, (another
novel feeling. He used to only feel that with-) given the complete lack of any guilt in their
expressions as they thoroughly make themselves at home once they reach his apartment.
And now, with pens and paper and ink strewn across Akechi’s coffee table, the three of them
begin to write.
They workshop, and draft, and- frankly, they start wasting paper. But, their call starts to take
shape.
“We can’t sign off as the Phantom Thieves, can we?” Sumire asks, tapping a pen against her
lip, “That would tip Shido off to what’s happening, probably.”
Akechi presses his lips together in a short huff. “Right. He’d probably blame me for the
thieves targeting someone else, too.”
Sumire nods, and hastily adds a line to the calling card.
Akechi leans back against the base of the couch, and frowns, “But if we can’t use the thieves’
name, then Sugimura might not take the threat seriously.”
Sumire furrows her brows, “Oh… I think I get it? They have to believe the threat for the
change in cognition to take place…” She shakes her head, “But didn’t Kamoshida take it
seriously, even though he would have never heard of the thieves?”
“I think that might be more indicative of Kamoshida himself, than of the calling card.” Haru
chimes in. “He only had power so long as people gave it to him, and I think he must have

subconsciously understood that when he was threatened.”
“That would make sense.” Akechi says with a nod. “The question is whether Sugimura has
the same paranoia.”
Haru tilts her head, considering, “Perhaps not in the same way… but I think that we don’t
need to rely on infamy to get in his head.”
“What else, then?” Sumire asks, frowning down at the paper, “Everything we’ve written is
pretty specific to his crimes, but…”
“That’s a good start, I think.” Haru says encouragingly. She hums softly, “I think… I want
him to know that it’s me.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, pointedly not looking up from the paper in the centre of the table,
“I hope that you don’t intend to sign it with your name.”
Haru chuckles airily, in a way that Akechi can hear the underlying ‘says you’, “No, no, of
course not. I want- hm. I suppose I want something that can’t be linked back to me, but that
still makes Sugimura think, ‘what if it’s her?’”
Sumire tilts her head, “I think I get it…”
“What do you suggest, then?” Akechi asks.
Sumire jumps, “Me? I don’t know… I was probably just going to say something really
simple like ‘The Black Masks’.”
Haru giggles, “Oh, I like that! What about ‘Murder of Crows’?”
Akechi scowls. “Be serious.”
Sumire covers her mouth to hide her smile, “I dunno… thinking up group names is kinda
fun.”
Akechi waves a hand, “Would you like something as needlessly dramatic as ‘The Phantom
Thieves’?”
“You like it.” Sumire accuses.
Akechi scoffs, and shoots her a glare. Sumire smiles back unapologetically.
Haru huffs a small laugh, and leans back as a thoughtful expression crosses her face. She
takes the piece of paper, and quickly writes something in the bottom right.
“I think I’ve got it.” She murmurs.
(The Fool slides into place, at rank nine.)
Akechi inclines his head.

Haru takes a breath.
“Sir Haruto Sugimura,” She begins, “Sinner of Arrogance. You have too long gone
unchecked in your delusions, and our hand has been forced. We are not the Phantom Thieves,
but we share their methods. What they possess in mercy and righteousness, we have in
vengeance. Haruto Sugimura, we ask that you steel yourself. Come tomorrow, your
distortions will be dashed, and your desires ours.”
Haru takes another breath.
“Signed, Milady de Winter.” She finishes, finally looking up.
(The Strength, too, reaches rank nine.)
Sumire smiles, “It’s perfect.” She frowns, “Oh, but, how are we going to send it?”
“Mail can be traced.” Akechi immediately rules out, “I wouldn’t suggest breaking in, even if
we used Mementos to appear out of this air.”
“His apartment has security cameras.” Haru supplies, “So that wouldn’t end, well, no.”
“Then…” Sumire murmurs under her breath, “Oh! What about Morgana-senpai?”
Akechi scowls. Morgana is inseparable from Ren. And Akechi is not talking to“I suppose one of us could text Ren to ask if we could borrow Morgana-san for a bit.” Haru
says. She must catch a glimpse of Sumire’s grimace and Akechi’s deep scowl, as she smiles
slightly, “I can text him.”
“Thank you.” Sumire mumbles, looking slightly embarrassed.
Haru’s smile grows, “No problem at all. I’ll text him tonight. Hopefully we can borrow
Morgana-san tomorrow evening.”
“I suppose Sumire and I can spend the day making this calling card a little less drab.” Akechi
says idly, sliding the paper over to himself to take a better look.
“So you do like dramatic.” Sumire says with an air of triumph.
“You already knew that.” Akechi mutters, and Sumire laughs brightly.
***
It's early evening the next day when Akechi hears the sound of claws scratching at his
window. He sighs, and stands to unlock the latch. Morgana quickly leaps in, landing on the
floor with a small huff.
“Uh, hey.” He says, tail twitching.
Akechi raises an eyebrow.

“Um.” Morgana’s ears press against his head, “Are you going to say anything, or…?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “If I must.” He strides over to the coffee table to pick up the calling
card he and Sumire had spent the day on, “I take that Haru-san’s correspondence reached you
in full?”
“Pretty much.” Morgana says, rolling his shoulders in some semblance of a shrug. He
awkwardly trots over, “Y’know, none of us have seen you since before…”
“An intentional fact, I assure you.” Akechi drawls, finally standing up and folding his arms.
“Wow.” Morgana remarks, “You’re… really different like this.”
Akechi rolls his eyes again, “Don’t tell me you’re surprised. Now, did you come here for
small talk, or are you going to help us out?”
“Alright, geez!” Morgana yowls, and groans, “This is so weird…”
“Sorry to disappoint.” Akechi says, pasting on his most dazzling smile.
Morgana gives the equivalent of a grimace, “That’s… worse.”
Akechi drops back into a scowl, “Then stop complaining.”
“You’re so…” Morgana grumbles. “Why couldn’t I have met up with Yoshizawa or Haru…”
“Because I’m the only one who can have an extended conversation with a cat without being
accused of insanity.” Akechi deadpans, flipping the black and grey card over in his gloved
hands.
“I’m not a cat!” Morgana snaps, batting at Akechi’s leg. “Ren must’ve forgotten to mention
how much of a jerk you are!”
“What, the murder accusations weren’t enough implication?” Akechi says dryly.
“You- ugh!” Morgana leaps up onto the arm of the couch, gaining some height. “No one
really knows how to feel about you, y’know. But you’re not exactly making a great
impression!”
Akechi scoffs. What a great sign for their future partnership, that no one is truly happy with
the arrangements. “There’s no reason to keep up the pretence, so I won’t. You’ll live.”
Morgana mutters something under his breath, then continues in a louder voice, “Everyone’s
willing to put aside our differences- bigger fish, or whatever. But you could at least try to do
the same!”
Akechi presses his lips in a sneer, “I am being cooperative. If you want to see what me being
uncooperative looks like, then I’m sure Amamiya can give you a thrilling testimony.”

“What, like when you died?” Morgana says bluntly, “Yeah, that’s about as uncooperative as it
gets, by the sounds of it.”
Akechi grimaces at the reminder of- everything. “Sure.”
Morgana narrows his eyes, “What? Were you talking about something else?”
“I was mostly referring to our little stint as teammates during Sae-san’s palace.” Akechi
dismisses, “But my point stands.”
Morgana’s ears twitch, “Niijima’s palace? Ren mentioned that you were there, I guess…” He
flicks his tail, “He kinda jumped ahead to Shido’s palace, though.”
Akechi pauses, “He didn’t…?”
Why on earth“Didn’t what?” Morgana tilts his head. He gives the feline equivalent of a frown. “Oh, but.
Wait. How the hell did that end? That was before…”
“Ask Amamiya, if you’re so curious.” Akechi snaps. It’s not his business why Ren’s
explanation of the year prior is incomplete, and Akechi isn’t in the mood to explain
gunpowder, a splitting headache -he ignores it- red, red, that smell, is this what it’s supposed
to be like-?
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, and he sighs. “Sure. Whatever.”
Akechi throws the calling card back on the table. “Sugimura’s apartment is in Shibuya.” He
pointedly continues, “All you need to do is get in, get out, and make sure it’s in a place that
he can see it.”
Morgana looks like he wants to say more, but keeps his peace with a sigh.
“Y’know,” Morgana says after a beat, “If we’re all going to have to work together once you
guys are done with this, I don’t get why you can’t just let us help you out with this palace.”
Akechi sneers, “The less time I spend in the same room as Amamiya, the better. If I don’t
have to work with him, I won’t.”
Morgana sighs, as though Akechi is being unreasonable, “Yeah, but…”
“But what?” Akechi snaps, “You don’t understand. It doesn’t affect you, either, so don’t
push.”
“But it does affect us!” Morgana yowls, “I was just thinking, maybe if you two figured it out,
then it would make everything better when we have to work together, too!”
“You. Don’t. Get it.” Akechi repeats slowly.

“Then explain it to me!” Morgana snaps back, “We got into so much of this mess because no
one talked to each other, so stop being difficult!”
Akechi breathes out a long sigh, and pinches the bridge of his nose, “There’s nothing to
explain. Are you really so forgiving of the fact that Amamiya ended the world?”
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, “Well… but it’s all turned out okay, hasn’t it?”
“That’s not the point.” Akechi hisses. “And besides, say that everything’s fine all you like,
but what’s to say that Ren won’t make the same choice twice if he’s unsatisfied by the end of
all this?”
“He wouldn’t do that.” Morgana says, entirely confident.
“We all thought that last time, didn’t we?” Akechi spits, “And look how that turned out.”
Morgana pauses, tail flicking erratically. “Well…” He sighs. “I guess-” He groans. “I wish I
remembered everything too. That would make this all so much easier.”
Akechi hums noncommittally.
Morgana paws at the couch. “Hey, uh…”
Akechi narrows his eyes. “Are you done? This calling card needs to be sent sometime this
century; you know.”
Morgana’s tail lashes indignantly, “Gimme a sec! Ugh! You’re so impatient…” He mutters,
then recollects himself, "My- my wish in Maruki's reality was to be human, right?”
“Yes.” Akechi confirms flatly, “It was disturbing.”
“Wh- hey!” Morgana yelps, “I’m asking, because if it was a wish, then…”
“Why aren’t you asking Ren this?” Akechi interrupts snippily.
Morgana sniffs, “That’s none of your business! Think of being honest as repayment for this
favour I’m doing you. It’s- does-” He pauses. “Nevermind. It doesn’t matter.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow. When Morgana makes no move to continue, He tosses the calling
card the cat’s way, and folds his arms expectantly.
Morgana rolls his eyes, “Yeah, yeah.” He mumbles, picking up the card in his mouth, “I’ll get
Ren to text Haru when I’m done.” He says, muffled around the paper.
Akechi shrugs, and reopens the window, “Sure.”
(The Hermit grows to rank five. Akechi resists the temptation to scoff.)
Morgana continues grumbling something under his breath around the card in his mouth as he
leaps through the window, dashing out of sight.

Akechi slams the window shut, and collapses back on the couch after sending a text to
Sumire and Haru to confirm that the calling card has been sent.

Chapter End Notes

Sumire's name suggestion was a self-burn on my part, and Haru's suggestion was not a
burn, but I'm fairly certain was a little nod to the person in the comments who
mentioned "murder of crows" at one point (I think. it's been a couple of weeks HAHA)
in other news: as my uni semseter comes to a close, so too does my ability to stay
awake! I want to collapse!
in other other news: I watched all of the p3 stage plays and movies, and now I'm doubly
in shambles! save me ryomina... ryomina save me
did I forget this last week?? I'm so so sorry - somethingpersonarelated on tumblr made a
very beautiful piece of Sumire based on a little bit of Ella's words from chapter one! find
it here!
And! first off, ty very much to Zoe for bringing this one to my attention (I don't have
twitter, so it would have slipped my radar otherwise!), ghost (ghostsillies? how do
twitter @'s work?) made a very cute comic about the bmtrio's predicament relating to
their namesake, find it here! (please oh link gods, I've never had to link something from
twitter before and I've heard tale that it's a pain in the ass...)
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! lotta things are sitting at rank 9...
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 9
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 9
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 2

Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Morgana: has anyone ever told you how much of a dick you are??
Akechi: You have, a couple of times.
Morgana: Well I don't remember that, so I guess I'm just going to say it again!

Chapter 52
Chapter Summary

Flowers, and silence.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Morgana doesn’t understand Akechi in the slightest.
He had thought that Akechi was a menace to deal with before all this, what with the boy’s
abysmal kitchen and overall bare apartment, but now?
Well. Those things still stand, but now Akechi apparently can’t even muster up the decency
to be polite to someone doing him a favour.
‘Dropping the pretence’, He had called it. Morgana can only scoff.
(But, at the same time, the idea of an Akechi that’s all polite smiles and vapid pleasantries
doesn’t sit quite right.
Frankly, it never really has.
…
Maybe the pretences were already halfway to breaking before the return of Ren and Akechi’s
memories smashed through the rest of the glass.)
But, there’s only so long that Morgana can grumble to himself about someone before he starts
getting bored. And at this point, it’s turning into procrastination from the task at hand.
This isn’t Morgana’s first trip delivering a calling card. He was the primary distributor for
Madarame’s, too. And clearly, he did an excellent job, if the oh-so-competent trio of black
masks are asking for his help.
Flicking his tail and readjusting the card in his mouth, Morgana leaps up onto a windowsill of
a sheer apartment block wall. Then another, then another, until he’s reached the fourth floor.
With a dexterity that Morgana is sure would be impressive even for people with opposable
thumbs, he flicks open the latch of the window, and slips inside, stopping the momentum
with his tail to keep it from closing again.

He skirts along the walls of the apartment -gilded in gold and artefacts and trinkets that even
Morgana considers to be a bit gaudy- and quietly drops the calling card on a large dining
table. He skitters back, concealing himself near the open window, ready to escape in a flash.
It only takes a minute or so of waiting for the man who Morgana assumes is Haru’s fiancé to
return home.
With an expression of practiced disdain, Sugimura scowls, and glares over at the card on the
table as he spots it. He spits something under his breath as he swipes the card, looking ready
to throw it in the trash, before he stutters in his motion.
“Sir Haruto Sugimura-?” He hisses, “What- What the hell is this?!”
And just before Morgana can leap away, confident in a job well done, the air distorts.
Greenery, shrouded in vivid reds and deep purples pulses in the corners of his vision, melting
from above in thick strands.
Where the ceiling once rested is an expanse of sky. And where Sugimura once stood, is a
towering giant, so tall that Morgana can’t see his head above the clouds, the only indication
that it’s there at all are two piercing golden pricks of light, diffused in the smog.
“There’s no room for weeds in this place.” The shadow seethes, “Perhaps it’s time to prune.”
And the distortion fades.
Morgana shudders as the world shifts back into place, slipping through the window and
gently latching it shut as Sugimura screeches panicked profanities to the empty room.
***
Morgana makes it back to Leblanc not too long after.
Ren has, thankfully, left the attic window open, so Morgana doesn’t have to claw at the café
door.
Ren is sitting on the moth-bitten couch, and startles as Morgana leaps back inside. “Mona.
Hey” He puts his phone away. “Uh… How is…?”
Ren bites at his lip, looking to be holding himself back from asking all the questions Morgana
is sure he wants to blurt.
“The calling card has been sent!” Morgana declares, puffing his chest out with pride, “And
Akechi looks fine, too.” He tacks on, taking pity on Ren’s restraint.
Ren doesn’t relax at the reassurance, but does nod slowly. “Okay. Cool. Guess they’ll be
doing that tomorrow.” He takes raises his phone up again, “I’ll let Haru know.”
“Yeah.” Morgana pads over to join Ren on the couch, “I hope they know what they’re doing.”

“They do.” Ren says, lacing his hands together and inspecting them as though they’re the
most interesting thing in the world, “I always liked having those three on the front lines,
during Maruki’s palace.”
Morgana shudders, remembering their short-lived encounter in Mementos, “Yeah…
Yoshizawa and Haru beat us into the ground when we ran into them.”
Ren snorts slightly, “That tracks. Especially with the gap in experience from all the,” He
waves his hand, “Time travel. Stuff.”
“Oh!” Morgana perks up, an idea forming in his head, “Does that mean that you’ll be super
strong now, with all your memories?”
A ghost of a grin passes over Ren’s face, “Yup.” He taps his temple, “I’ve got all the big guns
ready and waiting.”
“Nice.” Morgana snickers, “Whoever we face off against next won’t know what hit ‘em!”
Ren’s grin gains a little more substance, chuckling under his breath.
Morgana’s ears flick triumphantly, and he paces to curl up in a comfortable spot, tapping his
tail against the arm of the couch.
“Hey.” Morgana eventually says into the silence, “Akechi mentioned something.”
Ren frowns, “Yeah?”
“Well, I asked.” Morgana corrects himself, “And then he got really pissy about it.”
Ren’s expression grows a touch more confused, “…yeah?”
“Point is,” Morgana pushes on, not particularly wanting to give a play-by-play on a
conversation he had not two hours ago, “I realised you never explained how Niijima’s palace
wrapped up. If Crow was working with us then, but not in Shido’s palace, something
happened, right?”
Ren’s expression is eerily still for a beat. He doesn’t quite look at Morgana as he reaches up
to tug at his fringe, “Well, yeah.” He says smoothly, “Akechi had his own things he wanted to
do. Would’ve been a lot easier if he was on our side for that, huh?”
Morgana narrows his eyes. So it’s gonna be like that, is it?
“Yeah.” He says, dry as the desert, “That’s what I just said. But what happened?”
Ren chews idly on his bottom lip, rubbing the side of his neck, “Um- it’s really not that
important. It’s not gonna happen again, so…”
“Joker…” Morgana says, half sympathetic, half warning.

Ren huffs, “I guess- I’ll give you the bullet points. Fine.” He sighs, “So, Akechi blackmailed
his way onto the team, and thanks to Futaba bugging his phone we found out he had a whole
plan to murder me-”
“He what?!” Morgana yelps.
Ren blinks, “Is that really surprising?”
“But- I thought-” Morgana splutters, “You never mentioned-” He deflates. “I guess it’s not.”
Ren shrugs, “Shido wanted the leader of the Phantom Thieves dead. It wasn’t that personal.”
His voice is a little too flat, “But anyway,” He waves a hand, “We had a whole plan. It
worked. Akechi thought I was dead until Shido’s palace.” He shrugs, “That’s it.”
“That’s it?” Morgana asks, disbelieving.
“Yep.” Ren says lightly.
“…Really?” Morgana’s tail twitches.
Ren smiles slightly, “Answers don’t usually change the more you ask.”
Unless, Morgana thinks, the answer is a lie.
“What was the plan?” He pushes.
Ren shrugs, “It’d take too long to explain. It was super convoluted.”
“I’ve got time.” Morgana mutters, unsurprised when Ren pretends not to hear him.
Conversations with Ren have been like pulling teeth, lately.
Morgana sighs, “You know, I think your life would be a lot easier if you and Akechi actually
talked to each other about your problems.”
Ren’s laugh is just a touch bitter, “Which one?” He asks dryly.
“My point exactly.” Morgana retorts.
Ren sighs, “It doesn’t really work like that.”
“Ugh!” Morgana groans, “You both suck!”
Ren blinks. “Huh?”
“That’s exactly what Akechi said!” Morgana complains, “What, did you swap notes?!”
Ren frowns, a flicker of annoyance twitching across his face, “I don’t think you get it.”
“Oh my god.” Morgana hisses, and leaps off the couch to curl up on the bed, pointedly
looking away from Ren.

Maybe he doesn’t get it. Maybe he’s missing some fundamental social rule that dictates
exactly why Ren and Akechi get to throw pity parties for themselves while everyone else
waits around.
Maybe he’s being unfair. But from where he’s standing, it just seems stupid.
Morgana closes his eyes. At least they won’t have to dance around each other for much
longer.
(But, he thinks, remembering Akechi’s grit teeth, Makoto’s frustration, Futaba’s hesitance- is
anyone going to be able to work together, if they’re all so resistant to the idea to start?)
***
There’s nothing much else to do with Akechi’s evening but wait, after he sends the cat off
with the calling card.
A short text from Haru confirms that the task has been completed. One less thing to stress
about, Akechi supposes.
Not that there really is much to stress about to begin with. He’s fought alongside Sumire and
Haru many times, as well, this year and last- knows their strengths, knows how to cover their
weaknesses. Even then, even with their help, Akechi has faced many palace rulers alone
before, and come out unscathed.
He’s even fought Maruki alone. And even though that ended (he grits his teeth) poorly, he
doubts that Sugimura will present anything near a challenge when faced with what has come
before.
(So what’s the problem, then?)
There is no problem.
Akechi’s eyes flick over to his phone as it gives a short buzz. He raises an eyebrow, and leans
over from the couch to check who’s decided to bother him.
(Not Shido, he hopes. The man has been unusually quiet as of late. No targets makes sense,
given that Akechi has been given the task to spend every waking moment ensuring that the
Phantom Thieves are falling for Shido’s trap, but now that Akechi’s treacherous intentions
have been bumped up on the schedule, he can’t help but feel the need to check over his
shoulder, speak in a hushed voice, staple the mask to his face, do not give him a reason to cut
you off early.)
The text is fromHm.
Alibaba: I wish to speak with you, Goro Akechi.
Funny. Akechi certainly doesn’t wish to speak with her.

Akechi: Is this really necessary?
Alibaba: You don’t seem concerned.
Alibaba: And this isn’t a request.
Akechi sighs.
Akechi: Whatever. The ‘scary unseen hacker’ act only gets you so far when the person
you’re attempting to intimidate knows who you are, by the way.
There’s a pause.
Futaba: lame
Well, then.
Akechi: Anyway, didn’t I block you?
There’s a very pointed pause.
Futaba: did u srsly think that would stop me
Akechi: Touché.
Akechi: Either way, I would have assumed that you would enjoy pretending I don’t exist. Or
enacting revenge.
(She hadn’t during January, though)
Futaba: are you being a piece of shit on purpose?
He seems to have a habit of that, yes.
Akechi: Not at all.
Futaba: bull
Futaba: im not like you
Of course not.
…
Robin Hood and Loki stir. Akechi pushes them back down.
Akechi: That aside, is there a point to this?
Futaba: yeah

The ellipses that indicate Futaba is typing appear and disappear for a minute. Akechi waits,
tapping idly at the head of his couch.
Futaba: so i heard you sent the calling card
Akechi: Spying, are we?
Futaba: like you can talk mr. murder man
Akechi: I think twice is too many times to say ‘touché’ in a conversation.
Futaba: at least ur self aware
The urge to laugh to the empty air of his apartment grows a little too strong. He digs his nails
into his thigh.
Futaba: point is
Futaba: gl ig
Akechi: I have no idea what that means.
Futaba: UGH
Futaba: has anyone ever told u how much of a dork u r
Akechi: I believe you have, actually.
Futaba: im patting last timeline me on the back
The laugh he was holding back finally bubbles past his lips in a weak snort.
He doesn’t have anything else to say to her, though, (he never does) so he doesn’t respond.
She doesn’t seem to have anything to add, either, as Akechi stares at the message received,
ticking up and up, one minute, two, three.
At five minutes, his phone buzzes again.
Futaba: idk how to feel about you
Akechi: That’s fine.
Futaba: for you, maybe
Akechi supposes that’s fair. He didn’t understand Futaba last time, and he doesn’t this time,
either. Her not knowing how to feel is so far removed from what Akechi thinks her reaction
should be- he can’t even begin to parse what Futaba may want from this.
He hated the man who killed his mother so much that he tore himself apart hunting for
revenge. Akechi supposes that he’ll always be surprised that Futaba isn’t the same.

(Jealous. Envious. She has everything he never did. Maybe it would make him feel better, if
she were just as fucked up as he is. Maybe, he’s relieved she isn’t.
Who’s to say?)
Futaba: i guess part of me thinks there has to be a reason Ren like you so much
Akechi: There isn’t. He’s a fucking moron.
Futaba: you said it bud
Futaba: you really tried to kill him too?
Ah. So Ren did spill.
Akechi: On multiple occasions.
Futaba: you aren’t selling your case
Akechi: Morgana said the same thing. And I wasn’t trying to.
Futaba: whatever
Akechi: Have you gotten what you wanted out of this?
Futaba: no
Akechi: Did you expect to?
A beat.
Futaba: no
Futaba: but i still need to talk to you
Akechi: You have my attention at present.
Futaba: ew don’t make it sound like i need an appointment
Akechi rolls his eyes, and pointedly waits for her to continue.
Futaba: i don’t think i can talk about it now
Akechi: “it”?
Futaba: later
Futaba: u owe me! u better talk to me later! oracle’s wrath upon thee if you fail
Akechi: I can hardly promise that. [message not sent]

Akechi sighs, and throws his phone back onto the coffee table.
(And the Death grows to rank three.)
Well. There’s something to be stressed about.
***
Sumire has never actually followed through on fighting a palace ruler before.
Had things gone to plan, she would have been part of the effort to fight Maruki, but, well,
(Those aren’t thoughts she should bury herself in while the stakes are so high)
She hopes that Sugimura will be an easier win than Maruki surely would have been, either
way.
As soon as school ends, Sumire heads to the tangle of high rises in the centre of Shibuya, and
tries to collect herself around her nerves. As she turns the corner to the alley they’ve made
their designated entry point, she hears Goro and Haru already there, in the middle of a hushed
conversation.
“Haru-san.”
“I know.” Haru hisses back, “I know.”
Goro scoffs lightly, “Do you? What are you going to do, make a decision on the spot-?” He
freezes, and straightens up, “Sumire. Good, we can get going.”
Sumire waves awkwardly, “Um, hello. Sorry I’m late…?” She says, looking between the two
of them uncomfortably.
“Not at all, Sumi-chan.” Haru says kindly, any evidence of her last discussion erased from
her voice and expression.
Alright, then.
“Right.” Sumire says, not quite a mumble. She dusts imaginary lint off her skirt in want of
something to do, and musters up her determination, “I’m ready.”
Goro nods, “Good.” He takes out his phone, and activates the Nav.
(As the world shifts, Sumire feels the weight of the task ahead settle on her shoulders.
It’ll be okay, she reassures herself.
Will it? Ella challenges.
It will. She’ll make it okay.)
***

It’s quick work, to make it to the gazebo where the treasure hangs, suspended in nothing. A
quick warp to the closest saferoom and a short jog brings the three of them to their
destination without much preamble.
Sumire tilts her head as the treasure, formerly a cloud of shimmering gas, now takes the form
of a pair of gardening shears- pristine and glittering.
“So we just take it?” Are the first words out of Noir’s mouth, clipped at the edges.
“Theoretically.” Crow says, stalking forward to stand directly under the treasure. “Assuming
we don’t get interrupted.” He eyes the surrounding plaza suspiciously.
Sumire huffs under her breath, feeling the hair on the back of her neck prick uncomfortably.
She taps Crow on the shoulder, and gestures for him to crouch down. He looks confused for a
beat, then rolls his eyes with a half-amused huff, squatting down and gesturing to his
shoulders.
Sumire tries to find the most comfortable position as she sits on Crow’s shoulders, clutching
at the horns on his helmet for balance as he stands back up. She tentatively lets go, and
reaches for the treasure.
There’s a soft whine- like a thumb around a wineglassAnd then, the room goes completely silent.
Sumire nearly falls over.
She can’t articulate the sensation of being entirely deafened. It had been quiet, before- Crow
and Noir were quietly tense, and Sumire was silent with nerves. But, now, whatever
ambience that remained has been snuffed out.
Crow stiffens, and Noir looks around with alarm. Sumire focuses on regaining her balance,
gripping at the horns on Crow’s mask, frantically looking between her two friends for
answers.
Noir opens her mouth, and no sound comes out.
Sumire’s eyes widen in panic, and she feels Crow tap at her legs. She obliges the request, and
climbs off his shoulders.
What’s happening? She tries to say- and, still, silence.
Ella! She calls. Nothing.
Crow’s lips curl up in a snarl as he, too, tries to speak. Loki, Sumire can read on his lips.
Behind his mask, she sees his eyes flick around, panicked and alert.
Sumire thinks she can feel the ground shaking.

Noir crouches down, and places a hand on the ground as it shifts once, twice, three times. She
narrows her eyes, glaring at the wooden arches of the gazebo. Sumire does the same, trying to
feel and see the steps she assumes should be thundering,
But, it’s still quiet. She can’t even hear her own heartbeat.
The bubble of false calm is burst as shade darkens the space above. In a flash, a massive
hand, accompanied by wide golden eyes, snatches the gardening shears suspended in space.
Sumire yelps instinctually, andSound returns.
Sumire’s ears pop as she flinches back, startled by her own voice. The silent footsteps are no
more- Sugimura’s shadow makes a cacophony with every little twitch, every shift of
movement.
“Fucking finally!” Crow snarls, “Loki!” He calls, tearing his mask from his face instantly.
“Milady!” Noir follows suit.
“Get out!” Sugimura’s shadow screams, lumbering back, treasure in hand, “Goddamn
vermin!”
Sumire knew it would come to a fight. She had hoped it would seem less daunting once the
fight actually began.
It, decidedly, does not seem less daunting.
***
Before Akechi gets a chance to act, Sugimura’s shadow moves, faster than should be possible
to a being of his size, slamming the gardening shears down into the ceramic tiles, missing the
three of them by a hair.
Akechi skids back as the ground fragments and shatters beneath the force of the attack, razorsharp shards of tile jutting up at pointedly inconvenient angles.
Haru gasps, her hold on Milady dissipating as her mask rematerialises in a burst of blue
flame. She reorients herself, and glares up at the shadow, face twisting with fury.
“Give that back!” She screams, lunging forward with her axe to swing at Sugimura’s shins.
“Oh, does it belong to you?” The shadow mocks, “Piece of shit pests- I’ll kill you!”
Akechi scoffs. “Robin Hood!” He calls, leaping further back to get a better angle, “Eigaon!”
Robin looses an arrow, digging into one of the shadow’s knees with a burst of curse energy.
Sugimura snarls as his leg buckles, shrieking in protest as Sumire peppers his other knee with
bullets.

“Enough!” The shadow seethes, lunging forward on his knees to swing the shears in a wide
arc, pushing the three of them back.
Sumire is the first to dart forward again, reaching for her mask. “Ella!” She calls, andThat sound again“Shut up!” The shadow roars.
Whatever spell Sumire wanted to command is snuffed out, as silence descends once again.
Sugimura’s shoulder’s shake, like he’s laughing, a deranged grin splitting his face as their
personas are suddenly inaccessible.
Shit.
Akechi quickly unholsters his gun, ignoring the odd swooping of unfulfilled anticipation as
each bullet makes no sound, even as he shoots the entire round into Sugimura’s face.
Pinpricks bursts of blood bloom along the shadow’s cheek and nose. Golden eyes narrow in
Akechi’s direction, and he quickly slices at the hand that lunges to grab him, stumbling back
to avoid the barrage of attacks now directed at him.
He can’t shout to Haru or Sumire to coordinate, so he supposes he’ll just have to assume the
best.
Sugimura lunges forward again, and Akechi stabs down into the shadow’s hand with his
sword. He vaults up, landing on Sugimura’s arm, dragging his sword through flesh as long as
possible. Sugimura jolts, arm twitching and thrashing- Akechi stabs his gauntlets down,
gritting his teeth and desperately trying to not get thrown off.
Sound returns, and Akechi flinches at the sudden burst of Sugimura howling with pain.
“Is that what we’re doing?!” Akechi hears Sumire shout incredulously.
Akechi doesn’t get the chance to respond as he’s finally thrown back to the ground. He
clenches his jaw as he slams into tile, taking a shaking breath as he skitters back to regroup.
“No.” He grunts. “Apparently not.”
“Why does it keep doing that?” Haru calls out as she hauls her grenade launcher over her
shoulder, “The silence, I mean!”
“I don’t know!” Sumire shouts back, playing with fire as she darts forward to stab at
Sugimura’s feet with her rapier, “I’ve never seen anything like it!”
“Me neither,” Akechi calls, “Loki! -It’s just silence, though -Laevateinn!” Loki’s sword
cleaves down, missing the hand holding the treasure by a hair and wedging into the shadow’s
thigh instead, “-It’s probably some bullshit thing Sugimura’s cognition cooked up!”
“Then how do we avoid it!?” Haru’s hands fly up to her mask, “Milady! Triple Down!”

As the rain of bullets strike true against Sugimura’s chest, theAgain, a sound- shrill, ringing,
“Silence!” Sugimura’s shadow snarls, his head whipping around to glare at something
unseen, andWhatever the shadow says next is cut off, and their personas vanish from the battlefield once
more.
LET ME OUT!
Can’t-- EnoughThey can’t keep fighting like this.
Akechi shoots his gun at the Shadow’s feet, hoping the light is flashy enough to draw the
attention of Haru and Sumire. Quickly, he rolls out of the way of the shadow attempting to
stomp him into the ground. Not looking to check whether he has the attention of the others,
Akechi points at the shadow’s head, and then forcefully towards the ground.
They can only deal good damage when the shadow is on the floor- so they need it to stay
down.
Immediately, there’s a flash of an explosion from one of Haru’s grenades, right against the
shadow’s neck. The shadow whirls around, furious, the tiles beneath its step buckling under
the pressure.
There’s a flash of red as Sumire leaps forward, throwing her sword like a javelin into the
shadow’s calf, using it to lever herself up higher and higher. Akechi grins, grateful that the
others seem to have gotten the gist, and starts digging new handholds into the shadow’s other
leg, smiling even wider as the shadow’s muscles twitch and spasm under the assault.
As Akechi reaches Sugimura’s knee, he thrusts his sword directly into the space between
tendons and cartilage, using the serrated edge to snap threads and sinew.
Up above, Sumire flips and hauls herself up, up, until she reaches the shadow’s shoulders.
She grabs at his hair, and pulls, Sugimura instinctively reaching up, stumbling backAnother two shots of Haru’s grenades, directly to the face, and the shadow tumbles to the
ground.
Sound returns, as Akechi and Sumire crash back to the tiles.
“Now!” Akechi screams with his voice firmly settled back in his throat, and no one wastes
any time rushing in, axes, swords, and guns blazing, slicing, stabbing, tearing, again, again,
again, until they all skid back into place- the Shadow screaming in pain and fury.
Akechi hears Sumire laugh breathlessly. Haru remains silent, glare fixed on Sugimura.

“Damn you…” The shadow seethes, as it staggers back to its feet, “That’s enough!”
***
Sumire yelps as vines burst from underneath the tiles of the gazebo. She barely manages to
duck out the way- she sees that Crow isn’t as lucky, still looking somewhat dazed from how
hard he had hit the ground from his first attempt at climbing the shadow.
“Shit!” Crow hisses as the edge of thorns tear into his arm.
“Things are getting out of hand.” Sugimura’s shadow mutters, “I think it’s time we stop
playing games.”
“I agree.” Noir snarls, almost entirely unaffected as she mows down vines with her axe,
reaching for her mask in the space between attacks. “Milady! Mapsio!”
The shadow shrieks, and clutches at his head. The surrounding vines twitch, their targeted
movements faltering. Sumire leaps at the opportunity.
“Ella!” She throws off her mask, “Vorpal Blade!”
With a twirl of white petals, most of the vines are cut off at the stem, falling to the ground in
wet thunks.
“Do you ever stop moving?!” The shadow snaps.
Sumire gasps, breathless, as the shadow slams down the gardening shears into the ground
once again, missing her by inches. She fights the urge to shrink back under the furious glare
of Sugimura’s wide, golden eyes.
“You think you own this place, don’t you?” The shadow hisses, leaning in close as he rips the
shears back out of the newly formed crack in the ground, “Do you think you can get away
with this?” Another shriek, as Loki’s sword slices across his face.
“Don’t get tripped up.” Crow says lowly as he pulls Sumire back.
“Right.” She huffs, and readjusts her grip on her sword.
Sugimura snarls as he pulls himself back to his feet. He pauses for a beat, tilting his head as
though he’s listening for something.
When there’s another thunderous crash, even as the shadow hasn’t moved, Sugimura’s face
splits a grin.
“Well!” He crows, snickering, “Looks like the cavalry’s come to call!”
“Another one?!” Noir snips, carving through the last of the vines, body tense and drawn,
waiting to leap at the towering shadow.
Sumire sees Crow’s eyes widen beneath his mask, “Shit- Noir, I think it’s-”

Sumire’s breath hitches as she nearly looses her footing, the rhythmic thuds against the
ground growing in intensity, closer, closer.
Noir’s jaw cracks.
“Haru?” The giant wearing Kunikazu Okumura’s face asks icily, marching into the gazebo
with single-minded intent, “What do you think you’re doing?”
Sugimura’s expression oozes smugness as Noir freezes.
The desperate scramble for the upper hand stutters to a stop.
Sumire tries not to move as she sees Crow slowly shift towards the cognition of Okumura.
“Father.” Noir eventually says, pursing her lips as though the words tasted sour. She turns to
the shadow, “What is this, then?” She asks, voice light, “You think you own him, too?”
Sugimura’s shadow snickers, “Of course I do! I’m the one with a leg into politics.”
Sumire slowly reaches a hand to her chest, closer to her mask, as the shadow and the
cognition have their attention locked elsewhere.
“It’s a simple trade, really.” The shadow continues, “My grandfather hands over some
fertiliser, and in exchange-”
“What.” Haru hisses; a statement, rather than a question, “What is it that you think you get in
exchange?”
“Don’t talk back.” The cognition immediately snaps.
Sugimura smirks at the cognition, and then scoffs towards Haru, “Don’t get a big head,
dear.” Haru’s lips twist in disgust, “Your mouth is already quite unseemly.”
“Do you ever stop talking?” Haru mutters, gripping the grenade launcher at her side.
Sumire takes a small step forward, one eye on where Crow is creeping away.
“Your father here tends to the flowers, of course!” The shadow barrels along, ignoring the
interruptions, leaning forward, “And he tends especially well to the loveliest flower of-”
“Shut up!” Haru finally screams, hauling up her gun and pulling the trigger.
The grenade explodes directly in Sugimura’s face, adding another scorch mark to the ones
already gathering. The shadow splutters, indignant, and Sumire immediately tears her mask
away..
“Makougaon!” Sumire bellows, light blooming in a flash bomb. Both the shadow and the
cognition flinch back, the ground and wooden arches above trembling as they step. In the
corner of her eye, Sumire sees Crow move.

Despite how his previous attempts have ended, Crow immediately begins to scale the
cognitive Okumura’s leg from where he had managed to sneak to while their enemies were
otherwise distracted.
"We need to focus down the cognition!” He calls, batting Okumura’s hand away with a sword
before he’s nearly crushed, clinging to the edges of the cognition’s pants with his other hand.
“We can actually kill this thing, at least.” He hisses as an afterthought.
“Got it!” Sumire shouts in confirmation. “Makougaon!” She shouts again, trying to gain the
giants’ attention. It’s effective, as two heads whip around to glare at her with matching
sneers.
“Perhaps rat poison would be to this garden’s benefit.” Okumura remarks as he kicks towards
Sumire with the leg Crow is still clinging to. Sumire yelps in pain as a shoe taller than she is
clips into her shoulder, sending her flying back.
“I agree!” The shadow says performatively, swiping at Sumire with the gardening shears as
she’s still trying to regain her footing. She gasps, as a spray of blood bursts from her side,
unable to dodge away. “I always appreciate the work you do.”
“Laevateinn!” Loki’s burning red sword crashes into the shadow’s hand, forcing him to pull
back. Sumire takes the opportunity to stumble away as the cognition comes in for another
swing of his own.
“Heal yourself!” Crow snaps towards Sumire, and she gives a stuttering nod, quickly
reaching for her mask, calling Ella forth for a Diarahan.
“Triple Down!” Noir shouts, peppering their adversaries with bullets from behind, not
flinching as the shadow and cognition whirl around to glare at her.
“Haru,” The cognitive Okumura chides, “Surely you’ve grown better than this,” He sneers,
“With all the care I’ve put into your propagation-”
The sound that Sumire has come to realise is a precursor to silence rings again in a high
whine, almost sounding hurt.
“God, you bitch.” Sugimura’s shadow spits suddenly at nothing, interrupting Okumura,
“Stay fucking quiet!”
“Damnit-!” Noir gasps, just as silence envelops the battlefield yet again.
Sumire thanks her lucky stars that she managed to heal herself before the option was locked
to her.
Throwing caution to the wind, she tries to draw the attention of their enemies back to herself,
dashing forward to slice at both pairs of feet.
She almost doesn’t trust herself to use her rifle in the forced quiet, the lack of sound oddly
jarring when paired with the physical recoil, but she steels herself and takes aim towards the
cognitive Okumura anyway, trying to distract him from shaking Crow off.

She breathes a relieved laugh to herself as her attention seeking works like a charm,
grimacing as she nearly runs directly underneath the cognitive Okumura’s attempts at
stomping her, overcorrecting as she tries to avoid Sugimura’s attacks.
Sumire is never going to take her hearing for granted ever again- She never noticed before,
how much easier it is to dodge attacks when she can hear the rush of air, the grunt of effort,
the mocking cackle, but, now,
Now, Sumire feels like she’s like she’s been dunked underwater, ears ringing, and left with
only her other senses to pick up the slack.
(Not to mention how it feels like a missing limb, to not have Ella at her beck and call)
She grits her teeth, and draws the fire, hoping, hoping, that Crow and Noir have a solution to
this.
***
Akechi hisses, (or, he would) as he clings to the cognition’s leg, clawing his way up in stops
and starts, watching as Haru and Sumire dodge and weave, Sugimura and Okumura’s
attention being flipped back and forth as axe and sword respectively chip away at them, little
by little.
Akechi is very glad that the vines haven’t made a return in the silence.
He grimaces as he sees Haru take an unnecessary hit, shoulder sliced by the gardening shears
as she gets a little too greedy with her attacks.
They need a solution. Toppling Sugimura’s shadow worked the first time, but he doubts that
either of their adversaries are going to keep falling for the same tricks.
He’s clawed his way to the cognition’s waist, by now. He doesn’t know what he’s trying to
achieve, but he needs to get somewhere, and slashing at the giants’ ankles while their
personas are locked to them isn’t getting anything done.
It’s a status effect, He recites in his head, It’s a status effect, and those can be cured. But he
doesn’t have any items, and even if he could access his personas, he doesn’t have any
restorative spells beyond SamarecarmExcept, that isn’t true.
Atropos stirs, somewhere behind Robin Hood and Loki, itching to be unbound.
Right. Right-!
But how does he-?
Akechi’s eyes dart around furiously, looking for any sign of something to work with.

It isn’t just silence, He notes. They’ve been entirely deafened- but not just deafened, either.
He thinks that they would still be able to summon their personas, if that were the case.
There’s no sound at all that can be created or distributed within this space.
He looks up.
Even…
Neither Sugimura’s shadow, nor the cognitive Okumura, are making any attempt to
communicate as the silence persists. As Akechi clings to the cognition’s shirt, he sees both
giants flinch and startle when Haru and Sumire hit them from behind, almost as if they can’t
hear them, either.
Okay. Okay.
It’s a spatial effect, then.
Maybe it has a limit.
Akechi stabs his claws into Okumura’s back to climb a little higher.
Maybe- he digs in deeper as the cognition’s back arches with pain, waiting a beat to dig the
next handhold- Sugimura is being efficient, maybe he’s only casting the silence where it
would be effective, where it would be hard to get to, even if they managed to climb their
adversaries- he welcomes the slope of Okumura’s shoulder blade, a beat of reprieve as he
claws up further- or whatever else. Akechi doesn’t care about the motive, the reason, he just
needs to get higherAkechi ducks away as the cognition tries to swat at him, using the giant’s closely cropped
hair as ropes to swing up, up,
He launches himself as far as his legs will take him, cognitive space bending and
empowering the leap even further.
Cresting the top of the bubble of silence makes his head spin as ambience abruptly returns,
and he reaches for his mask,
“Atropos!” He screams at the height of his jump, “Amrita Shower!”
Sound stays, even as Akechi falls back down, catching himself as he grabs at Okumura’s hair.
Below, there are shouts of delight from Sumire and a gasp of confusion from Sugimura’s
shadow.
And, a crunch of bone as Haru digs her axe into her father’s shin.
“Milady!” Haru wastes no time, “Psiodyne!”
The cognition shrieks in pain, hands immediately rushing to clutch at his head- Akechi
quickly drops down a little lower to avoid it-

“Triple Down!” She follows up, simultaneously wrenching her axe out of where it’s buried.
The cognition chokes on air, knees buckling as bullets tear through flesh and tendons- Akechi
takes the opportunity to leap back to the ground,
“B-Brave Step!” Sumire quickly stutters out, and Haru’s expression hardens.
Again, she crunches the blade of her axe into the cognition’s legs, and Okumura sinks a little
lower.
“Laevateinn!” Akechi calls, Loki’s sword piercing through the cognition’s neck, pushing
down, down, pinning him further and further against the shattered tiles.
“Ungrateful little-!” Okumura gasps, glaring daggers towards Haru as his breathing stutters.
“Enough of this!” Haru screams towards Sugimura, “Don’t you dare try to use this against
me!”
“Maybe you should listen to your father,” Sugimura spits, “Bitch- you’re mine, you hear me!
He gave you to me-!”
With a bloody shriek, Haru shreds her blade through the visage of her father’s neck, Milady
pumping out round after round of bullets above.
Eyes wide, Okumura’s head doesn’t get a chance to roll as it dissipates into black smoke.
Akechi smirks, and points his blade towards Sugimura’s shadow, as Haru grips her axe tight.

Chapter End Notes

Haru can have just a bit of violence. I say "just a bit", but this is frankly an excessive
amount of violence. ...I'm sure it'll be fine?
"Silence" in this instance is working less like p4's silence, and a lot more like DnD
silence, where it's an area effect. Similarly, Amrita Shower is adapting to the strange
status ailment by working more like a Dispel Magic.
I have no idea whether Atropos has Amrita Shower in p5 normally, but this Atropos
came from a fusion accident. Anything goes! Say thanks to Jose, I guess.
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! Futaba gets a rank up in! Lotta rank ups over text, recently.

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank 9
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank 9
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank 9
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Morgana: Like am I missing something??
Futaba: You are simply experiencing what it's like to be a third wheel to a moron and a
tsundere. Suffer with the rest of us, now that you have gained this awareness.
Morgana: Is it too late to ask for time to loop again?

Chapter 53
Chapter Summary

Descisions, and awakenings.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire tries to catch her breath, as the cognitive Okumura fades into black smoke.
Sugimura’s shadow sneers in fury, eye narrowing in a glare towards Noir.
“Is this your little teenage rebellion?” The shadow mocks, and Sumire thinks he almost
sounds scared, "What? Sick and tired of all the things handed to you by your betters? Do you
think this stunt will improve things for you?”
“Yes.” Noir hisses, “Infinitely.”
That sound, again, and Sumire deflates. Crow had just managed to dispel the last silence,
too“Quiet!” Sugimura howls, head turned towardsOne of the flower boxes that line the gazebo.
Sumire narrows her eyes.
Around her, Haru and Crow draw fire with blades and guns, as well as aborted attempts at
trying to scale Sugimura’s body for a shot at casting Amrita Shower again.
Sumire takes the chance.
She runs forward, ducking under bits of shattered tile in the hopes that it will provide some
semblance of cover, trying to catch a glimpse at whatever it is the shadow seems so insistent
on turning his head towards, spitting curses and demands whenever that sound rings out.
She can’t tell what the state of the battle is behind her without the telltale clangs of weapons
and shouts of pain, but she still presses forward, hauling herself up onto the side of a planter,
furiously looking around for evidence of something that might help them, andShe makes eye contact with a woman rooted to the ground with rose-petal hair -startled, eyes
wide- that looks an awful lot like Haru.

Sound returns, as Sumire barely has time to register an enormous hand clamping around her
body and throwing her across the floor. She shouts in pain as she skids across the ground,
skin and clothing catching on every shard and indent in the tiles.
“That.” Sugimura’s shadow snarls, “Isn’t for you to play with, little girl.”
“It’s-” Sumire gasps, ignoring the shadow’s comment, “It’s a cognition!” Sumire finds Noir’s
eyes, and hopes she doesn’t have to elaborate, “I think the cognition is the one casting the
silence!”
Noir’s grip of her axe tightens even further. “Then it seems we have a new target.” She
whispers, her voice cutting through the air despite its volume.
“It seems so. Robin Hood!” Crow calls, mimicking the draw of a bow in his hands,
“Kougaon!”
The blinding arrow loosed by the persona is stopped as Sugimura bats his hand in the way,
the lance of light dissipating in a dull puff.
“You’re going to have to try harder than that.” The shadow snarls, squaring his shoulders
and hiding the cognition from view, “I won’t allow pests to sully my greatest work.”
“Triple Down!” Is the first shout in protest, bullets stopped as easily as the arrow.
As Sugimura makes his body into a barrier, Sumire isn’t sure if they can breach his defences.
Even as they try to make headway, targeting the cognition of Haru rather than the shadow,
they keep running into walls.
Crow shouts for Robin to loose arrow after arrow to no avail, each getting snatched out of the
air by the shadow’s surprisingly quick reflexes, forcing Crow to pull further and further back
as he retaliates twofold.
Sumire tries, and tries again, to distract Sugimura, give the others a chance to let an attack
break past the wall. She slashes at the giant’s feet, tries to flash bomb him with Ella’s magic,
but each attempt is shaken off without the shadow so much as blinking, not even a glance
spared Sumire’s way.
NoirNoir starts getting reckless.
“Psiodyne!” She screams, not quite dodging out of the way of the retaliating swipe of the
gardening shears, tanking the hit with a short grunt and grit teeth.
“Diarahan!” Sumire quickly sends the healing spell over, which Noir barely acknowledges.
Sugimura leans forward to slam his arm against the ground, caging Noir in. As he slams his
other hand down, intent on smearing Noir against the tiles, she just barely catches the edge of
his hand with her axe, redirecting his attack with the force of her blade.

“One-Shot Kill!” She snaps, barely looking rattled as she unleashes a fierce-looking gun
attack that Sumire thinks she’s seen Ren use once.
It also drains about a quarter of Noir’s health.
Sumire takes a shaking breath as she feels her ability to keep healing start to flag.
“Why won’t you just die already!?” Sugimura’s shadow snarls in frustration, “This bullshit
has gone on long enough!”
Again, thick and thorned vines wrench from the ground at Sugimura’s outburst, twitching and
lashing in targeted swings that Sumire barely manages to duck beneath.
“Mapsio!” Noir shouts, seeming to snap out of her tunnel vision just long enough to deal with
the problem the same way they did before.
The vines shiver as the attack scrambles whatever semblance of a mind they must haveBut Sumire finds herself hesitating before she can follow it up with a Vorpal Blade.
She can’t keep healing.
Crow, at least, seems to have silently taken notice of the problem. He’s been sticking to spells
and claws and guns for some time now, Loki’s sword spinning idly, unused, behind him.
Noir, meanwhile, seems to have taken to unloading every bullet that Milady has stuffed up
her skirts, entirely ignorant to how her posture slumps more and more with every command
given to her persona.
Sumire can’t heal them both, if she starts using the more vicious half of Ella’s repertoire.
She smothers a whine of panic in her throat, and slices the stems of nearby vines with her
rapier instead.
“Damnit.” Crow hisses. “Noir! Pull back! Focus on the vines!”
“I have.” She snaps, “But we almost have him! We just need to-!”
She’s interrupted by the cognition warbling in something that might be panic.
Sugimura doesn’t even need to demand for the likeness of Haru to shut up before silence
grips the arena.
Again.
Sumire doesn’t hear the whistle of a vine slicing through the air before it meets her shoulder.
She opens her mouth to yelp, and is met only with the feeling of air escaping her lungs.
She sees a flash of red, a serrated blade and a burst of sap as Crow destroys the offending
mess of thorns, giving her a sharp nod before he swings around to carve a path -or, at least, a
place to stand- through the writhing forest of green, growing taller and taller in the quiet.

Sumire feels dizzy as she splits her vision in all directions, trying not to get skewered by the
vines and fists and blades that just keep coming.
Noir barely spares a glance towards the swirling dervish surrounding her, instead focusing on
carving just a bit more into the bloody mess that now makes up Sugimura’s ankles.
Sumire grits her teeth, and takes a chance again.
It’s slower work, this time, dancing between spindles and sharp edges, running and cutting
faster as they snag on her coat. She doesn’t dare ignore the fight behind her, this time, not
when things are going so poorly,
(Despite herself, she wishes that the rest of the thieves were here, just to help-)
She grimaces as she can barely see where Crow and Noir are, buried behind webs of vines
with the exception of the occasional burst of sap and blood as a blade finds its mark.
She freezes as she sees Noir, barely a glimpse, dotted with her own blood in slashes and
pinpricks, staggering,
Sugimura’s shadow splits a grin, and lungesSound returns.
“Masquerade!” Sumire gasps, barely thinking.
She feels her vitality wrenched from her chest all at once, as Ella dances into quick and
powerful blades.
Once, twice, and the attack is done.
Sugimura shrieks in pain as he flinches back.
“You-!” He howls.
Sumire nearly doubles over with exhaustion, and she can’t healShe crumples to the ground as the bladed edges of the gardening shears tear through her
chest.
***
Noir startles, as the attack she was bracing for never arrives.
“Sumire!” She hears Crow shout, panicked enough to forget codenames, so what-?
Noir opens her eyes to see Violet’s limp body collapsed on the ground between the gaps in
the vines. Sugimura smirks, and picks Violet up between two fingers, tossing her into the
flowerbed where the cognition (That Haru can’t, won’t, look at) stands, rooted stiffly to the
dirt.

“One down,” Sugimura grins, “Two to go!”
Noir sees red.
“Don’t you dare!” She shrieks, “Don’t touch her! Milady!”
Noir bites back her gasp of pain as the effort to command Milady forward rends her skin, as
though the bullets raining down against the giant are made from her own flesh. She
desperately takes in Sugimura’s flinches of pain, the slight stagger in his steps,
They’re so, so close- Just a little more. Just a bit more.
Crow screams in frustration as Sugimura blocks his attempts to get past him yet again, his
swings becoming more ragged and desperate.
Another rain of bullets, and Noir tries to hide her ragged breathing, how her spine folds in on
itself with pure exhaustion.
“Noir!” Crow snaps, “Stop wasting your energy!”
“But we’re so-!” Close, is the word she can’t quite get out as she dodges another swing from
Sugimura, “We can get him!”
“Not like this, we won’t.” Crow hisses, slicing a vine off at the stem, “We need to focus.”
“On what?”
Crow gasps as a thorn slices his shoulder, “Maybe start with the fucking vines?”
Noir clenches her jaw, and ignores him, cleaving again into the giant’s legs with her axe.
Is this your resolve?
Yes. Yes, of course it is. Just a bit more.
Liar. Milady tuts.
“Noir!” Crow shouts, fury and disappointment dripping through her ears. What the hell does
he know?
“Shut up!” She shouts at no one, not looking at the cognition, not looking at Violet, not
looking at Crow, she’ll destroy this goddamn shadow if it’s the lastIs this not just another way that you endure? Milady sighs, lackadaisical, What freedom is
there in this?
It’s almost over- if she can justNoir stumbles back with a shout, narrowly avoiding skewering herself on thorns, as
Sugimura kicks her back.

“You think you can bring me down?” The shadow laughs, “You’re on your last legs, vermin.”
There’s a muffled curse, and a panicked cry of “Loki!”
A flaming red sword cleaves across half the vines, wedging into Sugimura’s shin before
returning to its wielder. Noir finally sees Crow properly, half slumped and half dead.
(is thisThey can’tIs this her fault?)
It doesn’t have to be.
That doesn’t mean a thing.
“Haru, you need to-” Crow chokes out and cuts himself off, scrambling away from the line of
fire. (Noir knows he can’t take another hit)
“Don’t tell me what to do!” She shouts back, launching a grenade at the giant’s hand so that
he’ll back off for just one second“You’re supposed to be better than this!” Crow growls.
“Better than what?” Haru snaps back, a million ways to interpret the jab, none that she wants
to hear. Another grenade.
Another swing, another dodge, prolonging the inevitable, “Who fucking cares? Get it
together!”
“I don’t know how!”
She doesn’t know how it came to this, panicked and desperate and bleeding out standing up.
She needs- what? She needs what- what is she even doing? Can they win? This was supposed
to be easy- she can’t look at Sumire, she doesn’t want to see Goro, she can’t, she can’tHaru thought that the hardest thing about this was the fact that she still hasn’t made up her
mind.
Haru lets a high and strangled laugh escape her mouth, “Better than you, is that it?”
“Are we really doing this right now? Fine.” Goro hisses, low and right at her side, pressed
together as there’s nowhere else to go among the shattered field of ceramic, “I always thought
that you should have hated me, last time-”
“Is that relevant?” Haru chokes, feeling hysterical. Another shard of thorn and tile scrapes at
her side, as Sugimura looms above, face twisted in savage glee as he corners them even
further.

“No,” Goro concedes, teeth grit as he slumps even lower, out of bluster and adrenaline, “But I
figure you’re supposed to get that kind of stuff off your chest before you die.”
“We’re not dying.” Haru spits back instinctively.
“Oh?”
Haru pauses, and finally turns to look.
Beneath his mask, Goro’s face is goading. Prove me wrong, his expression begs, and HaruShe doesn’t want to die.
She doesn’t want Sumire and Goro to die, either, soShe looks up, and“Fine.” She breathes, and finally reaches a decision.
Do you finally understand, what freedom means to you?
It doesn’t hurt nearly as much as it did the first time.
There is no betrayal when their whispers still chain you, when you sell yourself, only so
they won’t have the satisfaction.
In fact, it doesn’t hurt at all. A warm swell spreads from the base of her spine, the sound of
snapping chains ringing inch by inch.
Desperation is a fine motivator, but does being the princess backed into the corner of her
tower really suit you so well?
“No.” Haru whispers, time slowed down. “It doesn’t.”
Then shall we renew our contract?
“Astarte!”
(And, the Strength grows to its final rank.)
“Riot gun!” Haru shouts, vitality returned, fire and bullets and dizzying purple razing what’s
left of the shattered plane upon which they fight. Sugimura shrieks in panic, but for once
Haru isn’t aiming for him.
It is with grim satisfaction and immense relief that Haru sees her bullets strike true against
the flower wearing her face and form, a shaky breath escaping her as she sees it dissolve into
black mist.
“You-” Sugimura’s shadow gasps, frozen in shock, “But-”

Another bullet, and Haru barely feels the recoil, riding the high of her new persona behind
her. One of the giant’s knees buckles, not fast enough.
“Stop!”
A wave of psychokinetic energy, this time. Sugimura makes a choked noise, half a gasp, and
the hand clutching his knee flies to his head.
“Shut up!” He screams at nothing, and no silence falls, the flower that facilitated it dust in
the wind.
A grenade, and the shadow’s other knee crumples, a thunderous crack resonating as
Sugimura hits the ground.
“Wait- please-” He blubbers, and Haru thinks he looks awfully pathetic, tears streaming
down his face and black blood oozing from all the wounds that have finally caught up to him.
She could finish itBut she turns,
And runs towards where Sumire is still laid out in the dirt.
“Crow!” She shouts, lifting Sumire off the soil slightly, “Do you still-?”
“Yes. I saved enough.” Goro says, already at their side. He sounds out of breath, one eye still
trained on where Sugimura’s shadow is scrambling desperately at nothing, unable to stand
and shrieking curses to the air.
Haru looks away.
Goro places a hand on Sumire’s forehead, careful not to scrape her with his claws, and
whispers “Robin Hood,” a green energy sprouting from below, cleaning the blood and dirt
and grime.
Sumire jolts, choking on air as she squints blearily between the two of them.
“Um-” She gasps, already scrambling to sit up. Haru places a hand on her shoulder to sit her
back down.
“Wait what’s-?” Sumire manages to get out, as Goro already starts walking back to where the
shadow is collapsed, hopping off the edge of the planter box.
“It’s okay, the fight’s over. It’s alright.” Haru murmurs, rubbing Sumire’s shoulder in a way
she hopes is comforting, as she waits for the girl to reorient herself. After a beat, Haru stands
tentatively, tugging Sumire up with her.
“Okay.” Sumire whispers, “That’s good- I’m glad.”
Haru can’t quite bring herself to smile.

“Stop it!” Sugimura’s voice interrupts her small reprieve, “Stop, you can’t take that!”
Goro rolls his eyes, visible even from halfway across the gazebo, “Give it up.” He spits
tiredly, in the middle of commanding Loki to try and lever the gardening shears out of the
giant’s grip, “Seriously,” He grunts slightly, as Sugimura doesn’t relent, Loki’s sword carving
rivers into his hand, “Don’t tell me you still have some fight left in you after all that?”
“No- please!” The shadow begs, “It’s mine, it’s mine, you can’t-!”
The shadow shrieks as Goro shoots the joints in his hand, finally releasing the treasure.
“Well.” Goro says flatly, turning to Haru and Sumire, “Are we done here?” finally, is the
unspoken addition.
Sumire nods eagerly, running forward to drag the treasure away before the shadow can snap
out of nursing his injuries.
Haru takes a step forward,
And reaches for her grenade launcher.
“I could still kill you; you know?” She says, keeping her voice level and unaffected, aiming
right between the giant’s eyes.
Sugimura freezes, as though keeping quiet and still could spare him.
“I decided to reorder my priorities,” She admits, “But now that you’re right here on a silver
platter, unable to resist, why should I pass up the opportunity?”
“W-wait-” Sugimura splutters, finding his voice again, “Don’t- please-! Haru-”
“I was going to say convince me, but you seem to be doing a terrible job all on your own.”
Haru grits, feeling some of that single-minded fury creep back into her nerves.
She takes a shaking breath, and pushes it down.
She ignores Sugimura’s rambling pleas for his life, and turns to look at Goro.
His expression is flat, almost bored, as he observes the scene before him, making no move to
intervene.
Haru turns to look at Sumire, and sees her expression wide-eyed and almost panicked.
Sumire opens her mouth, closes it. And she, too, makes no move.
It’s your choice, their two voices whisper in her mind, tired and tentative all at once. It’s
conviction they value, above all, and HaruLowers her gun.
“Go back.” She says, quietly, over Sugimura’s mumbling.

“Wh- you’ll-?” He stumbles over his words.
Haru cuts him off before he can say anything that might make her change her mind, “Didn’t
you hear me? Get out!” She stomps her foot, uncaring of how childish it might make her
seem, “Go back- go back to your true self and tell everyone how pathetic you are! Never
speak to me again- call off our engagement- and stay the hell away from me!”
“Okay! Okay!” Sugimura skitters back, “Okay, I promise! I’m sorry, I’m sorry-”
Haru screws her eyes shut, and ignores the rest of whatever it is the shadow says as he slowly
fades into light.
A beat.
Haru takes a breath.
The palace shakes.
A hand grabs at her shoulder and pulls her back. “We need to move.” Goro hisses in her ear.
The palace shakes again, and Haru nods silently as she stumbles away to help Sumire carry
the treasure.
(And the Fool, too, grows to its final rank)
***
Ren doesn’t doubt the combined power of the people he could once confidently call his
friends.
Not in the slightest- in fact, before Maruki had sliced at Ren’s resolve with his ultimatum, he
knew that the three to join him first and foremost on the front lines would be Akechi, Haru,
and Sumire.
That faith does nothing when Ren finds he’s recently been reduced to a nervous wreck.
“Joker…” Morgana whines, ears flat, as though that will block the sound of Ren’s pacing,
“It’s late.”
“I know.” Ren mumbles. “I know- I just don’t know if everything has gone okay or not-”
“Then text one of them!” Morgana yowls, his patience with Ren clearly at its limit.
Ren blows out a harsh breath through his teeth. If only it were that easy.
It is that easy. Arsène points out, ever unhelpful.
No, he can- text Haru? He’s been talking with Haru just fine these past few days, and she got
in contact with him first for help with the calling card. All in all, she’s definitely the least
upset with him.

It’s not like he can text Akechi, since he’s been blocked (among other reasons). SumireHe really needs to talk to Sumire.
He shouldDamnit.
Ren grits his teeth and swallows his pride.
Ren: hi
Ren: sorry, i know you probably don’t want to hear from me, but i was wondering if
everything has gone alright with the change of heart?
To the point. Detached. …Probably too formal. Being polite probably won’t hurt though,
right?
There’s a short pause. Then, a response blinks into view.
Sumire: everything’s fine!
Ren: not too bad?
Sumire: not at all!
Ren can’t remember if this is how Sumire normally texts. He kind of wishes his text logs
survived the time loop so he could go back and check.
He jumps as his phone buzzes while he’s lost in thought.
Sumire: could we talk at some point?
Ren slumps with relief.
Sumire: i know that we’re going to talk anyway after all this to figure out what we’re doing
as a group
Sumire: but i mean in private?
Ren: of course
Ren: i was going to ask the same thing
There’s another pause.
Sumire: oh!
Sumire: that’s good then
Sumire: we can figure out a time after we figure out everything else

Ren bites at the inside of his cheek, unsure how exactly they’re going to go about the
everything else.
Ren: sure
Sumire: we can talk more tomorrow
Sumire: i’m very tired (＿ ＿*)
Ren smiles to himself.
Ren: fair
With that, no more responses come through.
“Are you finally ready to go to sleep now?” Morgana pipes up wearily.
Ren tosses his phone onto the shelves, and collapses on his bed of milkcrates. “Yeah.”
Morgana mumbles something that sounds an awful lot like thank god, and curls up next to the
pillow.
Ren flops back, exhaustion catching up to him once again, and closes his eyes.
After a minute or so, there’s the sound of shuffling next to his head.
“Hey.” Morgana starts quietly, “Are you still awake?”
Ren reluctantly opens one eye, “Weren’t you telling me to sleep a second ago?” Already
sitting up in spite of his words.
“It was at least five minutes!” Morgana protests, “But…” He sighs, “I want to say… sorry?
For snapping at you yesterday about Akechi.”
Ren blinks, and then reaches out to scratch behind Mona’s ears with a small smile, “S’okay.
You’re not wrong. We are stupid.”
Morgana snickers, and pretends not to lean into the pets, “You got that right.” He pauses, “All
the stuff about the, uh… attempted murder aside,”
Ren narrows his eyes, “…Yeah?”
“Why’d you take Maruki’s deal?”
Ren takes a deep breath.
“I thought it was pretty self-explanatory.” Ren says slowly.
Morgana avoids eye-contact, “Well, I guess. I just… don’t really get it.”
“Oh.” Ren offers.

Morgana sighs, “I don’t think I understand humans very well.”
Ren frowns, unsure where this is going, “Oh…?”
“I mean- my wish was-” Morgana’s tail twitches, and he shakes his head, “Nevermind.”
Ren furrows his brow, “Morgana-”
“Anyway,” Morgana interrupts him, “No one wanted you to take the deal, right? Not even
Akechi. And you said that you weren’t tempted by it for our sake, so…” He paws slightly at
the futon, “Yeah. I don’t get it.”
Sometimes, Ren wishes he didn’t get it, either.
But he does understand, because he’s the one that made the choice. He weighed the price of
both sides and found reality wanting.
Ren shrugs, and lies back down, “It’s okay not to get it.”
Morgana hums shortly, the flick of his tail betraying his dissatisfaction.
“Hey.” Morgana asks, another minute later, into the quiet, “Do you regret it?”
Regret.
Ren regrets his broken bonds.
He regrets the ordeal that has followed.
He regrets the whispered curse of I’ll never forgive you for this, hissed before the chime of a
bell above a door, the klaxon alarm behind a wall of steel.
HeBut how can he regret, when the alternative choice would have meant living in a world, in a
time, where the only thing he would ever have left of his greatest wish is a worn leather
glove?
He can’tMetatron hisses in warning.
Ren rolls over, and pretends to sleep, finding no answers to Morgana’s question that he
wishes to share.
***
Sumire finds that she hated escaping her fourth collapsing palace as much as she did the last
three. More, in fact, as she carried a pair of enormous gardening shears while shaking off the
phantom slashes across and through her body.

Not much had been said as she, Haru, and Goro all tumbled into the alley near Sugimura’s
apartment, adding a few scraped knees to their laundry list of injuries.
The silence persisted as they dusted themselves off, foregoing conversation or commentary in
favour of being somewhere else, as vague a descriptor as that may be. It didn’t take much
back and forth between Sumire and Goro, as Haru stood stiff and near unresponsive, to
decide on Goro’s apartment as an appropriate destination.
Which is where they find themselves now, the train ride having been spent mostly in quiet as
Sumire shot off a few texts to her parents (And, a surprise text from Ren, in which she
valiantly did not admit to the fight with Sugimura being a shitshow), weaving a truthadjacent story about spending the night at a friend’s place to study. After a bit of gentle
nudging, Haru had done the same.
Sumire collapses on Goro’s couch, barely remembering to take off her shoes at the door. Haru
doesn’t quite make it, choosing instead to delicately take a seat on the floor in a fluffy heap.
Goro sniffs disdainfully at the display, and proceeds to mirror it exactly.
“I take that you’re staying the night?” Goro asks vaguely to the two of them.
Sumire nods into her hands, “Mmhm. I already told my parents.”
“Mine as well.” Haru says faintly.
Goro gives a muffled grunt of acceptance as he drags a hand down his face, “I’ll grab some
blankets.” He stands, and staggers more than walks further into the apartment.
Sumire is already half asleep by the time Goro unceremoniously dumps a heavy blanket over
her head. She mutters her thanks, and frowns when she is subsequently smacked in the face
by a pillow. She doesn’t have the energy to retaliate, so she opts to shove it under her head
without comment.
She drifts off to sleep in seconds.
***
“Is Sumi-chan already asleep?” Haru asks softly, as Akechi trudges back with a few more
blankets in hand.
He turns his head, and sees Sumire’s face squished uncomfortably against her pillow, snores
droning as her chest rises and falls evenly.
“Looks like it.” He answers.
Haru smiles slightly, “It makes sense she’s exhausted, I suppose.”
Akechi catches himself before he snorts, “No kidding.” He dumps the blankets on the
ground, making something of a nest to lie down in, “We should sleep, too.”

Haru’s agreeing nod is interrupted by a yawn, and she quickly covers her face. “Mmm.” She
hums vaguely. She frowns, “Are you sleeping out here, too?”
“Yes.” Akechi says, claiming one half of the blanket nest.
“On the floor?”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Would you rather I sleep in my own bed while I leave you out
here?”
Haru shrugs, a bit of humour creeping into her expression, “You could let me take the bed.”
“And leave me to deal with the back pain alone?” Akechi says with mock offense, “No, we’ll
suffer together.”
Haru giggles properly, her expression the lightest it’s been since they left the palace, “Such
hospitality.”
“Well, you know.” Akechi mutters, too tired to continue the bit.
A beat, and neither of them lie down.
“You didn’t kill him.” Akechi remarks.
Haru doesn’t say anything for a moment. She laughs breathily, slightly strained, “Is that to
say that you’re proud of me?” She murmurs.
Akechi shrugs, “It was your choice.” He knows he likely wouldn’t have chosen the same.
“What was it you said?” Haru continues, “‘You’re supposed to be better than this?’”
Akechi frowns, remembering his outburst while they were all half-dead, “It is…” He pauses.
“Odd. To see how different you are, this time.” He offers.
Haru tilts her head, “Is that it?”
Akechi rests an elbow on his knee, and presses his head into his hand. “I don’t know. Can I
attribute it to blood loss?”
Haru frowns, “’This’…” She quotes, then laughs shortly, looking a little self-conscious, “Was
I a better person last time, or something?”
Akechi scoffs, “We weren’t exactly close enough for me to make a judgement. And it hardly
matters.”
“Really?” Haru challenges, “What am I supposed to be better than, then?”
“Nothing. I wasn’t thinking when I said it.” Akechi sighs, scrubbing a hand down his face,
“Don’t read into it.”
“How can I not?” Haru says.

“Just don’t. Why do you care?” Akechi counters snippily, not in the mood for this
conversation.
“Today was a lot.” Haru says simply, “I’m just trying to get all my thoughts in order.”
“Well, it didn’t mean anything.” Akechi says with finality, gesturing sharply, “Loose end
tied.”
A pause.
“You’re lying.” Haru comments.
Akechi scowls into his hands.
Haru sighs. “You said that it was my choice if I killed him or not.” She starts.
“Multiple times, yes.” Akechi responds dryly.
“Would you have been disappointed, if I did?” She continues.
“No.” Akechi answers easily, “It’s probably what I would have done.”
“I almost did.” Haru confesses quietly.
“I know. I was there.”
“Right.”
Another pause.
Haru scoffs disbelievingly, “You really did mean to say that I’m supposed to be better than
you, didn’t you?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “How arrogant of you.”
“But it is what you meant.”
He flops back onto the blankets with a soft thud, “Fine. Sure. While I was half-delirious with
blood loss and the in heat of the moment, that’s what crossed my mind.”
Haru purses her lips.
“Don’t read into it.” Akechi insists again.
“You shouldn’t think about yourself like that.” Haru says half-heartedly.
Akechi scowls, “Applying to be my therapist, are you?”
“No. I think I need my own, first.” Haru admits wearily.
Akechi barks a laugh at that.

Haru flops back to join him on the floor. “Today was horrible.”
Akechi hums in agreement.
“But…” She continues, “It was…” She sighs, “Oh, I don’t know.”
“Your persona got an upgrade.” Akechi remarks flatly, “I assume that’s indicative of some
emotional growth. Saved our skin, too.”
Haru’s lips twitch up, “I suppose.”
Another, less tense, pause.
“I’m going to get some water.” Akechi declares, kicking off some of the blankets.
“Alright.” Haru calls after him.
***
Sumire spits some hair out of her mouth as she blinks awake to the sound of shuffling
blankets.
“Oh…” Haru’s voice exclaims softly, “I’m sorry Sumi-chan, did we wake you?”
“Mmf.” Sumire tries to speak. She swallows, and tries again, “It’s okay. Um. What time is
it?”
“You’ve only been asleep for a few minutes.” Haru says with a small smile, “You fell asleep
almost immediately. Goro-kun just went to get some water.”
“Oh.” Sumire says, rubbing her eyes as she sits up, “Okay.”
“You can go back to sleep.” Haru says.
“You should sleep too.” Sumire points out. She frowns slightly at how she’s sprawled on the
couch, and at the pile of blankets on the floor, “Um. I feel bad for taking the couch.”
Haru waves a hand quickly, “It’s okay. Goro-kun and I are okay with the floor.”
“Are you sure?” Sumire asks tentatively.
“Of course.” Haru says with a smile, and Sumire is glad that she seems to be feeling better.
“Oh, but, um,” Haru starts, and Sumire pauses, “I… wanted to apologise. For my…
behaviour in the palace.”
Sumire blinks, “Oh. Oh! No, it’s okay!” She quickly waves her hands, “It’s- well. I
understand.”
“Be that as it may.” Haru says, a bit stiff, “You got hurt because I was reckless. It was you
that deflected the shadow’s attack, right?”

Right.
“Um.” Sumire tries to figure out a wording that won’t make Haru feel bad, “Yes?” She
doesn’t find one.
Haru, at least, seems lightly amused at Sumire’s stuttering. Her face quickly falls back into
something to the left of embarrassment, “You don’t have to- I know I was-” Haru sighs
shortly, recollecting herself, “A lot of things went wrong because of me.” She finishes, “I’m
sorry I didn’t apologise sooner. I was feeling… out of sorts.”
“It’s okay.” Sumire insists again, because she knows quite well how high emotions mess with
logic in a fight. “I mean it.”
“I mean it.” Haru counters, “Um- I was talking with Goro-kun while you were asleep, and- I
think I feel a bit better now. So,” She waves her hands, “I’m sorry.”
“Apology accepted.” Sumire mumbles, because she thinks if she says ‘it’s okay’ again, they’ll
start going in circles, “I- sort of did it on instinct.”
Haru laughs slightly, “Those are some sharp instincts.”
“Yeah.” Sumire giggles.
Haru’s smile widens, before it drops into a small frown. “I… honestly didn’t know I had it in
me to act like that.”
Sumire blinks, “Like…?”
“You weren’t going to stop me, if I tried to kill him.” Haru says suddenly, almost accusatory.
Oh.
Like that.
“Um…” Sumire mumbles, “Well… I- no. I guess I wasn’t going to.”
At the time, as she had seen Haru aim her gun between the shadow’s eyes, she had frozen up.
A million thoughts and a million justifications had run through her mind- she should stop her,
right? This isn’t- Sumire doesn’t want to kill anyone. But, it isn’t her killing anyone, it’sBut, ultimately,
“It…” Sumire starts slowly, “It should be up to you, right?” She laughs, a little too high
pitched, “I mean, I’m not sure if I could have stopped you-”
“But you didn’t try.” Haru points out.
Sumire swallows, “No. No, I didn’t.”

She feels- off. She could have become an accomplice to murder; the very thing that she has
been trying to avoid, and yet she didn’t step in. For justice? For some perceived right to a
pound of flesh? Eye for an eye, and other such proverbs?
Sure, she felt distant, when Goro killed Shujin’s principal, but this time they had a choice,
and(She also wonders, sometimes, whether she really should feel so detached from everything
that’s happened, if it’s really fair to weigh lives like currency of what’s worth more?
But, even still, what else can Sumire do? She hates the alternative enough that she can easily
push such thoughts down.
Compromise. It’s all there is.)
“I’m glad you didn’t kill him.” Sumire confesses.
Haru nods, “I’m…” She starts, “I think that I’m glad, too.” She laughs slightly, “Though I’m
honestly not sure why. I really wanted to.”
Sumire hums.
“Um,” She starts, “I’m- I think I’m going to grab some water, too.”
“Oh, alright.” Haru blinks, and gives a small wave as Sumire runs off towards the kitchen.
She awkwardly shuffles to stand next to Goro, who is leaning against the sink, staring at his
glass of water like it’s wronged him personally.
Goro turns and raises an eyebrow as he sees her, “Weren’t you asleep?”
“I woke up.” Sumire says with an awkward shrug.
Goro hums, and takes a sip of water. “You should go back to sleep. You got half impaled,
earlier.”
Sumire grimaces, “I- yeah.” She waves her hands, “I feel okay now, though!”
Goro scoffs, “I should hope so.”
Sumire giggles, “Tell Robin I say thank you.”
Goro scowls, “Robin is me, you can just- oh, whatever.”
“I can’t believe you didn’t use him at all during January.” Sumire says around her laughter,
“He’s so helpful!”
“You mean he has one skill that comes in handy now that we only have a party of three.”
Goro rolls his eyes. He winces, as Robin presumably takes offence to that.
“Don’t be mean.” Sumire chastises playfully, ignoring her own role as instigator.

Goro shoots her a glare, and pointedly takes another sip of his water. Sumire tries to supress
her grin as she pours her own glass from the tap.
“I suppose we won’t have a party of three for much longer.” Goro muses flatly.
Sumire pauses, frowning into her glass. “Yeah.” She chews on her lip, “Um. Ren-senpai
texted me, earlier. We’re going to- talk? After we figure out what we’re all doing as a group.”
“Good for you.” Goro says dryly.
“Are you…” Sumire trails off, “Uh-”
Goro rolls his eyes, “I’ll- figure it out.” Sumire can’t tell if he’s lying, “I might punch him
first, though.”
Sumire giggles, “You do that.”
“I’m surprised.” Goro says with put-upon shock, “You? Condoning violence?”
Sumire thwacks him on the arm, “I’m plenty violent.”
“Yes, I suppose you are. Your codename isn’t so far off the mark, either.” Goro says blandly.
Sumire laughs, “Yeah.” She pauses, “I’m- I’m really mad at Ren-senpai too, you know.”
“I figured.”
“No, I mean-” Sumire huffs, “I don’t want you to think that- well. You might be the only one
that hates him. But I haven’t forgiven him, is my point.”
“Is this your promise to take my side in any leadership arguments?” Goro drawls, voice
dripping with sarcasm.
“Uh.” Sumire grins sheepishly, “Can I take it at a case-by-case basis?”
“I don’t control what you do.” Goro points out flatly.
“Yeah.” Sumire smiles slightly, before she slumps, “I- I honestly don’t know how to talk to
Ren-senpai anymore.”
“Is that so.”
Sumire grimaces at the response, but presses on anyway, “Well- I just idolised him for so
long, that…” She swallows, “I think it’s more than just… the fact that he betrayed everyone.”
That catches Goro’s attention, “Oh?”
“Well…” Sumire starts, “My sister- I really looked up to her too. So much so that I wanted to
be her, and, well, you already know all that.” She swallows as the words tumble out of her
mouth, “And then with Doctor Maruki, I idolised him, too. I guess I didn’t see everything he
did as a betrayal, at the time, because I technically wanted it.”

“Have some self-respect.” Goro snips.
Sumire laughs, “Well I have that now.” She rolls her fingers around her glass, “It was only
after Ren-senpai said he was taking the deal that I realised how much the idea of being forced
to be Kasumi again scared me. Then I got mad at Doctor Maruki.”
She takes a small sip of water, “I guess my point is- I always… attach myself to people. But
I’m not attached to Ren-senpai anymore, and- I’ve never had to… deal with that. Kasumi
died before I got myself together, and I think I’ve seen Doctor Maruki all of twice in this
timeline.”
“But Ren is still here.” Goro finishes.
“Yeah.” Sumire mumbles, “It sounds kind of weird when I say it out loud. And I don’t…”
Goro raises an eyebrow when she trails off, and nudges her with his elbow, “And?”
“I don’t want to do that to you, or Haru-senpai.” Sumire finishes, “I want to be equal. Not
reliant.”
Goro nods slowly. “I suppose I can’t speak for how you feel.” He starts, “But you should
know that I do see you as a valuable ally.”
“Not an equal?” Sumire asks, half teasing, half insecure.
Goro presses his lips together, and stares at the ground. “I thought Ren was my equal. Hell, I
thought he had thoroughly surpassed me. It pissed me off.” He admits, “But it turns out that
was all for nothing.” He looks up, “I think, by this point, it’s safe to say your resolve is
stronger.”
Sumire feels a smile break out across her face.
(And, with the sound of breaking chains in Akechi’s mind, the Magician grows to rank ten.)

Chapter End Notes

Aaaand palace complete!
It wasn't my intention to put off Sumire's rank 10 for so long, nor did I intend for her to
hit max rank in the same chapter as the Strength and Fool, but hey! ...Narrative
cohesion? sometimes things happen, and sometimes those things are giant garden
palaces and divorce arcs that kind of put a hold on your other relationships
Astarte doesn't usually have riot gun, but that's lame. Give Haru more guns. /j
Socials!
Tumblr

Instagram
Confidants! You get a max rank! And you get a max rank! And youAkechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 6
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 5
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren, lying on a therapy couch: I just really feel like I've lost control of my life recently.
Morgana: [deadpan] uh huh.
Ren: My relationship has been going really poorly, too.
Morgana: Why is that?
Ren: Do you want the bullet points or the essay?

Chapter 54
Chapter Summary

Progress, inch by inch.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi somewhat regrets not taking Haru’s offer to just sleep in his own bed, the cracking
sound his back makes as he sits up being some cause for concern. Buried under a pile of
blankets -Akechi must have kicked his off during the night, or, Haru stole them- Haru still
sleeps, her usually fluffy hair looking more akin to a frizzy mess that Akechi is sure will be a
pain to comb out later.
The couch where Sumire slept is empty, and Akechi pulls himself together enough to walk
over to the kitchen, finding Sumire quietly scrolling through her phone.
She looks up, “Oh. Um, I was going to make breakfast, but you didn’t have anything. So I
just ordered something, if that’s okay?”
Akechi waves a hand, still half asleep, “S’fine. What time is it?”
“Um,” Sumire quickly looks down at her phone, “A little past six.”
Akechi nods, “Alright. Good- you can still get to school on time.”
Sumire blinks. “Oh.” She grimaces, “It’s a Tuesday.”
“Yes.” Akechi comments flatly.
She laughs weakly, “Yesterday was so hectic that I honestly forgot.”
“Try not to take the day off.” Akechi advises, “Sugimura didn’t receive a calling card from
the Phantom Thieves, but eventually someone is going to connect the dots. I’d like to avoid
that happening sooner rather than later.”
Sumire sighs, slumping a little. “There’s so much to avoid…”
Akechi hums in agreement, offering no further comment. He would say that Sumire knew
what she was getting into- but she didn’t, really. Not at first.
(But, she still hasn’t backed out.
The newly formed blood oath thrums contentedly.)

“Hey, um…” Sumire speaks up, “I was wondering, well- you mentioned, while we were
shopping for supplies that one time…”
Akechi wracks his brain for what on earth Sumire might be talking about as she stutters out
her words.
“You mean our discussion about your lying habits?” Akechi eventually interrupts her.
Sumire grimaces, “Well- yes? We shelved it for later, and, um- this is later.”
“Indeed it is.” Akechi says dryly.
“Just sitting on it seems like a bad idea.”
“By all means, then.” Akechi gestures broadly, “Have you had enough time to collect your
thoughts?”
Sumire gives a stiff shrug. After a moment, she starts talking, “I guess- I already said that I
was sorry, and I already told you why I did it, so…” She gestures vaguely.
Akechi gives her a deadpan stare.
“And, um, I already promised I wouldn’t do it again?” She offers.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Your reasoning was subpar, but I suppose if that’s all you have-”
Sumire quickly shakes her head, “I don’t know if I explained myself properly. I-” She puffs
out her cheeks as she pauses to think, “I just didn’t know how you would react, and I didn’t
want to mess anything up. And I didn’t realise it was such a…” She grimaces, “A big thing,
for you, that I was keeping it hidden. I told myself I would tell you as soon as I figured out
why Ren-senpai took the deal- but I didn’t get around to doing either before you, well.” She
waves a hand.
“You didn’t trust me.” Akechi says, “I guess I can hardly fault you for that.” He would be a
hypocrite, if he did.
Sumire shakes her head again, “No, no, that isn’t it. I didn’t even have a reason to distrust
you back then. I…” She presses her lips together, “I really was just afraid. I had it in my
head- I really didn’t want to ruin anything.”
Akechi shrugs, “Well, then. I suppose that’s that.”
Sumire looks up hopefully, “Really? You’re not upset with me anymore?”
“Seriously?” Akechi rubs at his temples, “What part of our little heart-to-heart yesterday, or
whatever, screamed ‘I’m mad at you’?”
Sumire laughs, looking relieved, “I can never tell!”
Akechi supposes that’s fair.

In truth, the frustration with being kept in the dark hasn’t faded. It remains, as many of
Akechi’s frustrations tend to do, ever present in the back of his mind.
But, again, hypocrisy. Akechi knows that he would have kept his cards close to his chest
when faced with something unpredictable, had he remembered from the start. Logically,
staying angry over something that has been resolved is a waste of time, especially as they
have so little of it.
It is Sumire’s stupid puppy-dog eyes that stop Akechi from voicing the full extent of this, as
he instead chooses to leave it at I’m not mad.
(There’s a slight twist to Sumire’s lips that make Akechi think that she might understand
anyway.)
***
Ren wakes up to his phone buzzing.
He reaches for it a few times, accidentally hitting Morgana once or twice, who yowls in
protest as Ren drags himself up.
“What.” Ren mumbles petulantly at his phone, as though the device is at fault for the call it’s
trying to receive. He frowns as he sees the caller ID.
“Futaba.” He sighs, as he accepts the call, “It’s early.”
“Your alarm was about to go off anyway.” She fires back immediately.
She’s proven correct, as Ren nearly drops his phone when it starts blaring the default alarm
sound. He scrambles to turn it off, Morgana grumbling some more at his side.
“Point taken.” He concedes as he raises the phone back to his ear again. “What did you
need?”
“Well…” Futaba starts slowly, “When are you gonna call a full group meeting?”
Ren wipes some of the sleep out of his eyes, trying to kick his morning brain into processing
the question, “Oh. Uh. Later?”
“You said ‘Later’ was after what’s-his-face got dealt with. And that’s done, so…”
Ren frowns, “Did you-”
“Read your texts?” Futaba finishes, “What? Are you surprised?”
No, but he does tentatively add it to a list of ‘things to talk to Futaba about’. It had been
something of a rude shock, last time, realising that his privacy was practically non-existent.
But, first,

“I guess I’ll ask- someone.” Ren offers. Sumire or Haru- whoever he runs into first.
“Okay,” Futaba drawls out, “Do you have like- a timeframe?”
Ren chews on the inside of his cheek, “Uh, a week? At the latest, I mean. It could be today,
for all I know.”
“Okay.” Futaba mumbles, “Okay, cool.”
Ren taps his fingers against the edge of his bed, “Did… you need more time?”
“No!” Futaba blurts immediately, “I’m good!”
Ren raises an eyebrow, “…Are you sure?”
“Yep! One hundred percent!” Futaba continues, “Anyway thanks bye!”
“Futaba-” Ren starts, before he’s cut off by the dial tone. He sighs, and collapses back against
his bed.
“What did she want?” Morgana mumbles, slowly beginning to stretch out from his loaf.
“She wanted to know when we’re having a meeting.” Ren relays, hauling himself back up,
running a hand through his hair in lieu of a brush.
“I guess you’ll talk to Yoshizawa, then?” Morgana presses.
Ren shrugs, “If I see her. They might want a day off if they just dealt with a palace ruler.”
“True.” Morgana concedes. “But don’t put it off too long!”
“I won’t.” Ren promises. He doubts they have the time for that. They were already done with
Okumura by this point in the last timeline; and, sure, Sugimura took his place, but how is
Shido going to work around that?
(In saying that, Ren is still hesitant. He hasn’t been in the same room as Akechi since their
encounter in Maruki’s palace. Can they evenIs he excited? Afraid? Is he- well. Ren isn’t sure.
…He’ll find out soon, in any case.)
Ren rolls out his shoulders. “I’ll see what I can do.”
***
Futaba spins idly in her chair.
She really doesn’t know what to do.

Today? She isn’t prepared! How could she be? Though, she doesn’t think she’d really be any
more prepared in a week, or a month, or maybe even a year, soWell. So, it seems like her brain is telling her to suck it up and get it over with. That would be
better, right?
(How do you work with the man who killed your mother?)
It’s not like she even really needs to do anything. The Time Loop Squad are probably going
to be doing most of the talking, due to the information granted by their namesake. All Futaba
really needs to do is hum agreeingly whenever Ren says something smart, which is often
enough. (Though, at something of a less frequent rate, recently. An unfortunate trade-off for
membership in the Time Loop Squad, Futaba speculates.)
She doesn’t need to do a thing.
And stillFutaba doesn’t have a frame of reference for if this reaction is reasonable or not. Technically,
Akechi killed Haru’s dad, and she seems like she’s best buddies with the guy. It’s not like she
had to deal with the aftermath, though.
(If the time loop had gone far back enough, would Akechi have still killed her mom?)
She doesn’t have answers. When has she ever?
Maybe she can just join the meeting over the phone?
Futaba puffs out her cheeks.
She’ll…
To confront those who have wronged you is to seek the truth. Will you pass up this
opportunity?
…She’ll leave it as a last resort, she thinks, as she blows a raspberry.
Futaba slowly spins back around to stare at her desktop, laboriously bringing up the chat app.
If she’s going to get something done, she might as well do it now.
***
Akechi, for all his insistence that Sumire go to school, isn’t the greatest at following his own
advice.
He let Haru sleep in, since she can easily provide the excuse of ‘Getting ready to move into
her fiancé’s apartment’ to anyone who asks. Akechi, meanwhile, has a rather convenient
work, school, more-work balance that allows him to skip class at his leisure.

Unfortunately, staring at spreadsheets isn’t any more entertaining than he’s sure school
wouldn’t have been.
“Shouldn’t you be in school, Akechi-kun?” A sharp, irritated voice interrupts his boredom.
The Moon hums to life, after months of lying still.
“Sae-san.” Akechi pastes on his best smile, even tired as he is, “To what do I owe the
pleasure?”
Sae scoffs, folding her arms as she stands over his desk, “You’re the same as ever.”
“As are you.” Akechi hums, idly remembering the shadow fuelled by jealousy and fury,
wreathed in dice and lies.
Her posture is different. Akechi doesn’t remember when it changed.
“Small talk, really?” Sae mutters, even though she started it.
“Did you need something?” Akechi asks.
“No, I asked why you weren’t in school.” Sae rolls her eyes, “You can’t ignore your
education just because you think you have an in.”
Akechi isn’t interested in being mothered at the moment, or ever. “I’m up to date on all my
classwork.” He assures her, “I’ve been neglecting my work here, though, so I thought I’d
lend a hand.”
“Sure.” Sae says dismissively. “Have you made any progress?”
Too much, in Akechi’s opinion. “Not particularly,” He lies smoothly, “The Phantom Thieves
haven’t acted in over a month. Perhaps they’ve disbanded?” Before Sae can scowl at him, he
continues, “How about you?”
The prosecutor sighs, dragging a hand through the unpinned part of her hair, “None. I’ve
looked into all of Wakaba Isshiki’s affairs twice, and still, nothing.”
Akechi abruptly remembers why he hasn’t talked to Sae in two months.
“Is that so?” He says flatly.
Sae waves a frustrated hand, “It’s ridiculous! I’ve tried her friends, her family, her colleagues,
her old university professors, and none of them have anything to say! No one connected to
her knows a damn thing about her.”
Akechi sincerely doubts that Sae has tried all of Wakaba’s connections, considering that she’s
still alive. “That is odd.” He says amicably.
“And her research is gone with the wind, too.” Sae mutters, “And I really pressed her old
colleagues for that one.”

Akechi does not want to talk about this.
“She seems a rather secretive person.” He deflects, “Unfortunate, but perhaps it’s time to give
it up for this particular thread?”
Sae narrows her eyes, “Are you kidding? Cognitive Psience is the best lead I have- the only
lead I have. What little research about it still exists lines up perfectly with what we know
about the Phantom Thieves.”
“Perhaps, but there’s not much to do if there’s no more information to be found.” Akechi
points out.
“It isn’t like you to give up like that.” Sae snaps. “Maybe I should broaden my search… the
Kirijo Group has always been involved in shady business- they might have something.” She
mutters to herself.
“Are you really willing to try your luck?” Akechi asks tiredly. He never had to deal with this
version of Sae last timeline. It was around Okumura’s death that he cut ties entirely in
preparation for infiltrating the Phantom Thieves. There was a part of him that had lamented
the loss, but Akechi is starting to see he might have dodged a bullet. “Sae-san, have you
taken a break recently?”
Sae snaps her head to look at him, “Says you.” She hisses, and Akechi valiantly doesn’t talk
back, “Or- no, you seem to have been having fun slacking off lately.”
Akechi blinks, “Excuse me?”
“Makoto was asking about you, a while ago.” Sae says, glare scathing, “She said she was
concerned- I don’t know what it is you get up to in your spare time, but you clearly have
other priorities. Why are you even here?”
Akechi presses his lips together in a thin smile, “First, I’m not giving enough priority to my
education, and now I’m apparently not working hard enough. I don’t think this conversation
is going anywhere, Sae-san.”
Sae’s jaw clicks, “Do you have any idea what-” She stop, and takes a sharp breath, “Think
what you will, Akechi-kun. I’m going to go back to work.”
“See you.” Akechi says, lilted with sarcasm, earning him one final glare as Sae stalks away.
The MoonDoesn’t rank up.
Oh.
Akechi supposes he’d gotten used to the arcana ranking up at odd times. Logically, it isn’t
that surprising that antagonising Sae after she went off on a condescending tangent wouldn’t
lead to a growth in their relationship.

But, still.
Akechi turns back to his work, and wonders if Makoto has to deal with Sae’s bullshit every
day.
***
Makoto pushes her rice around with her chopsticks, sending it a glare as though it’s
responsible for everything wrong with her life right now.
If it was, then it would probably be a lot easier to fix.
But, as it stands, Makoto doesn’t have the autonomy to even try.
She decided to follow Ann and Ryuji up to the roof to eat lunch, for lack of anything better to
do with her time other than brood. She pointedly doesn’t look at the small vegetable garden
that Haru has supposedly been tending to day-by-day.
“And it’s like- ugh.” Ryuji groans as Makoto tunes back into the conversation, “I can’t focus
at all, and Chuono’s been on my ass about my grades-”
“You should make sure you’re studying hard.” Makoto says reflexively.
“Lighten up, Mako.” Ann whines, “We’re dying over here!”
Makoto sighs, “Sorry. I’ve honestly been having trouble focusing, too.”
“Well, yeah.” Ryuji agrees around a mouthful of bread, “We’re on a time crunch to save the
world. I don’t have time to think about exams.”
Ann scoffs, “You make it sound so dramatic.”
“It is dramatic!” Ryuji insists. “Seriously!” He continues when Ann starts laughing, “This
shit is nuts!”
“Well, I can’t argue with that.” Makoto says, feeling a smile finally start to creep up her face.
Ann sighs, “I guess not. I wish it was less dramatic.”
Makoto hums, eyes dropping back to her abused rice. She regrets taking her frustration out
on the grains now that half of it is squished.
“I really hate this waiting around.” Ryuji mutters, “It’s like- I dunno. Waiting for a bomb to
go off.”
“You’re telling me…” Makoto mumbles, a bit more bitter than she intended.
Ann chews on her lip, “Yeah…” She tugs at her hair, “Um, how are you, Makoto? You’ve
seemed really frustrated with,” She waves her hands, “All this.”
Makoto laughs shortly, “How can I not be?”

Ann nods slowly, “I guess that checks out.”
Makoto gives the two of them a look, “I’m surprised the two of you aren’t as annoyed as I
am.”
Some of the pure indignation has faded, over the past few days, but, still.
Ryuji shrugs, “I mean- I kinda said all I had to say when we all met up.” He folds his hands
together, “If Ren knows what he’s doing, then I trust him.”
“I’m not sure Ren does know what he’s doing.” Makoto mutters.
Ann laughs awkwardly, “Well, you know…”
Makoto can’t imagine being so carefree.
She can’t stand this. Joining the Phantom Thieves was supposed to give her some control
over her life, and still- she’s been relegated to waiting around in the face of those who
supposedly know better. Her betters being a murderer, a fifteen(sixteen?)-year-old girl, and a
man who tried to end the world because he has a crush.
(Maybe she’s being uncharitable)
Makoto hates this.
Ryuji rubs the back of his neck uncomfortably, and lurches as his phone chimes at the same
time that Ann and Makoto’s do.
“Oh…” Ann exclaims.
Makoto frowns down at her phone.
Oracle: so
Oracle: i’m just making this now
Oracle: since we’re gonna all be working together
“Hey, there’s something!” Ryuji says cheerfully.
Violet: oh! that’s good
Fox: Is everyone here, then?
Joker: yup
Skull: here!
Panther: present!
Makoto dutifully types in her own response.

Queen: I’m here as well.
Joker: Mona says ‘here’
Violet: i think Noir’s busy, but it looks like she’s in this chat too!
Fox: I couldn’t help but notice Crow is also in this chat. I was under the impression that he
had blocked all of us?
Oracle: you doubt my power?
Joker: you heard her
“I wonder where Akechi-kun and Haru-san are…?” Ann muses under her breath.
Makoto would like to give a petty answer, but she restrains herself, “Akechi is probably just
busy with school. It’s the middle of the day, after all.”
“I wonder where Haru is, though.” Ryuji hums, “I didn’t see her at school.”
“Yeah, doesn’t she usually spend her time on the roof?” Ann points out, “Uh. I hope we
didn’t accidentally take her spot.”
Makoto shakes her head, “She’s in my class. She didn’t come to school today.”
“Oh…” Ann frowns. “I wonder why?”
“Sumire-chan seems to know.” Makoto concludes, scrolling up in the new group chat.
Queen: Violet, do you happen to know where Crow and Noir are?
Violet: i think Noir is taking the day off…
Violet: she was really tired this morning
Skull: ???
Violet: oh! we kind of had a sleepover after we dealt with Sugimura’s palace yesterday
Panther: that’s so fun!
Makoto looks up from her phone to breathe a long sigh of relief that things are finally going
somewhere. Ann and Ryuji are fully immersed in the group chat as she finally lets some of
the tension drain from her body.
Joker: Mona says he’s glad you all got some sleep
Oracle: alright the notifs for this are annoying me
Oracle: i’m temporarily timing everyone out

Panther: can’t you just mute the chat???
Oracle: never
[unable to send messages]
Makoto raises an eyebrow, and laughs breathily at Futaba’s antics.
“Well, I guess that’s that.” Ann says, stretching her arms out. She startles, as the bell signals
the end of break.
“And I guess that’s that.” Ryuji quips, looking proud of himself.
Makoto sighs, standing up. “So it seems.” She gives a short wave, “I’ll see you, then?”
“Bye!” Ann calls with a cheerful wave.
As Makoto descends the stairs, she hears whispers in the halls.
“What are the Phantom Thieves doing?”
“Seriously. When was the last time they did anything? The end of August?”
“Okumura’s been at the top of the poll for ages!”
“So much for ‘thieves of justice’. They’re taking their sweet time.”
“For real…”
“Hurry up, already!”
***
Haru quietly clicks the door shut behind her.
One of the housekeepers gives her a look as she quickly toes off her shoes, and pads over to
the living room. She sucks in a short breath as she sees her father sitting stiffly on the couch.
“Father.” She calls.
Her father whips around with a sharp glare, “Haru.” He says, almost a sneer, “Where on earth
have you been?”
Haru shifts, “I told you- I was studying at a friend’s house, and the session ran late enough
that I thought it was best to stay over.”
“And then I suppose your studying ran late enough that you thought it was okay to skip
school, too.” Her father scoffs, “Don’t feed me your excuses.”
Haru clenches her fists behind her back, “I’m not making excuses. I’m just telling you what
happened.”

“Don’t talk back to me.” Her father hisses, “It’s a little late for teenage rebellion, you know.”
Haru grimaces at the familiar wording, and bites back a tirade of no, no it’s not too late, she’s
not even an adult and still, and still,
“Yes, father.” She eventually says, because there’s nothing else she can say.
“Good.” Her father nods, looking placated. “Now, you ought to start packing. Don’t forget
that you’re moving into Sugimura’s residence today- or tomorrow, if this attitude of yours is a
trend-”
They both freeze as her father’s phone starts ringing.
He reaches into his pocket and takes the call, “Sugimura-san! Speak of the devil and he shall
appear.” He greets good-naturedly, “I was just telling Haru to begin packing, she’ll be there
by- hm?”
Haru holds her breath.
“What are you talking about?” Her father hisses after a beat.
“Please—” Haru hears a few words filter few, even from three steps away, “Sorry—tell her
—can’t---I can’t—”
“You’re calling it off?!” Her father snaps, and Haru clenches her fists a little tighter.
“—apologise! –tell—I have—everyone—”
“Haru, go upstairs.” Her father snarls, before turning back to the phone, “Listen here, under
no circumstances can you go to the media—I don’t care, you can… atone or whatever by
keeping quiet-”
And that’s the last of the conversation that Haru hears as she closes the door to her room, a
bubble of relief and dread and something resting squarely in her chest.
***
Akechi was afraid of this.
He had been wondering when it would be that Shido’s already-thin patience would finally
snap. If anything, he’s surprised it took so long.
“Truly?” Shido asks, deceptively calm, “There’s been no sight of the Phantom Thieves
anywhere?”
At the very least, it doesn’t seem like Shido has caught onto the ruse with Sugimura.
“None at all, sir.” Akechi confirms, “The thieves have yet to set foot in Okumura’s palace,
and I haven’t encountered them in Mementos, either.”

“Is that so.” Shido hums flatly.
Akechi holds back a grimace.
“It seems to me, Akechi, that you haven’t been doing your job.” Shido sneers.
Is that so, Akechi mocks in his head. He bites the inside of his cheek, “I’ve been searching
Okumura’s palace periodically. Even if I missed them in person, there’s no indication that any
intruders have been moving through the place at all.”
Akechi thinks that sassing Shido the way he does with Sae would end poorly, so he holds his
tongue after stating his lies.
Shido stares at him for a beat. “Two months.” He says, “It’s been two months, and not only
have you failed to provide me with names, you can’t even lock down if they’re alive.”
Akechi’s mind darts in a few threads.
The first, is that he could use that comment. ‘Sorry, sir! It seems the Phantom Thieves died in
some cold corner of the Metaverse, never to be seen again. No-names, too. Nothing to worry
about!’ -He immediately shoots the thought down. The second Akechi tries to say it, Shido
will no doubt dismiss it outright.
The second, is that Shido is an irrational bastard, and won’t listen to any reason Akechi can
provide or attempt to fabricate.
“Your value is diminishing.” Shido interrupts Akechi’s thoughts. An idle comment, as though
he were speaking about the weather, rather than issuing a blatant threat.
And so, the third thread is that Akechi is fucked.
But, he already knew that.
The problem is that he can’t see the time on the clock.
“I can start investigating other palaces.” Akechi offers, “It’s possible that the thieves have
avoided the bait with Okumura because they have other priorities.”
Shido scoffs, “Are you going to throw darts at a wall and hope you’ll hit something? I hope
you have a better suggestion than that.”
Damn. “I’ll start placing more emphasis on my investigation in reality, as well. Perhaps my
focus on catching them in the Metaverse has narrowed my sights.”
“Perhaps.” Shido echoes.
Akechi swallows, “I’m sure that the thieves will come around to targeting Okumura at some
point, either way.” Maybe.
The nebulous deadline hanging over his head is looking shorter and shorter by the minute.

“I should hope so.” Shido drawls, “The Phantom Thieves are rather convenient, you
understand.”
“Of course.”
“Good.” Shido continues, “Then you’d better find a way for things to get back on track.”
Akechi nods stiffly.
“So long as we’re on the same page.” Shido waves a hand, “Dismissed.”
The Devil grows to rank seven.
Akechi is fucked.
Thankfully, he’s on break for carrying out hits. A small mercy, granted by the reasonable
workload that his current assignment is supposed to provide.
But that also means that Akechi really isn’t contributing anything, in Shido’s eyes.
He can’t make any grand declarations, can’t provide any excuses, because Akechi doesn’t
know what the plan is, and he might complicate things even further if he jumps the gun.
(Small mercies, silver linings; he can count them on one hand. This is the first time he’s seen
Shido since he regained his memories of the last timeline, and all it’s done for him is let him
keep his head above water.
Can anything be done, this late?)
Akechi grits his teeth, and finds himself hoping that plans start happening sooner rather than
later.
***
It’s tradition, at this point, to take stock of the cruise liner in Shido’s head after a meeting.
Akechi tries not to think about the last time he was here. A difficult task, when salt and iron
assault his senses in an oppressive haze, the tittering laughter and clinking of champagne
flutes making his trigger finger itch.
The cognition hasn’t shown its face.
Despite their last encounter ending with a few too many bullets, Akechi knows that
cognitions tend to be annoyingly persistent. It only takes a stray thought for another to
materialise after being destroyed. So the only question that remains is where is it?
Maybe it finally took a hint.
Unconvinced with his own train of thought, Akechi begins to wander the halls of the ship,
avoiding shadows and rat puzzles. He eventually opens the door to the restaurant, shooting

the cognition guarding it to dust before it can ask something inconvenient.
The restaurant is filled with people milling about, scooping fake food into their fake mouths
in their fake ship, and Akechi almost has it in him to be impressed at the unnecessary detail.
“I was wondering if you would show up again.”
Akechi clenches his jaw, and takes a breath.
“Honestly,” The voice says again, filtering in from the stage elevated a metre or so off the
ground, “I thought after last time, you’d stay away for good.”
Akechi turns his head.
The cognition wearing his likeness is facing away, seated at one of the two grand pianos,
tapping at the keys in some elegant, improvisational, melody.
“I don’t play piano.” Akechi comments tiredly.
The cognition hums, pausing its performance, “Perhaps the captain sees it as a skill that suits
you. Or, perhaps, he thinks that learning would finally give you some class.”
“Are you asking for another bullet to the head?” Akechi asks, saccharine. He hopes so. It
would probably be good stress relief.
The cognition laughs, turning around, “I didn’t think you had it in you! Perhaps I shouldn’t
be surprised, though. It was probably cathartic.”
Akechi sneers, hopping up onto the stage. “Sure. You’ve made yourself enough of a nuisance
that killing you is especially satisfying.”
“I could say the same to you, you know.” The cognition inspects its hands. It tilts its head
with a small, condescending smile, “That isn’t quite what I was referring to, though.”
Akechi knows exactly what it was referring to, but he doesn’t care to dignify the implication
with an acknowledgement.
“Why did you come here, anyway?” The cognition sighs, “You know everything there is to
know that this place could possibly tell you.”
Akechi wishes he had an answer to that. “Is that really the case?” He pushes instead.
The cognition grins maliciously, “Oh, don’t tell me- are you hoping to find something that
contradicts what you already know?” It gives a performative sigh, “Poor, poor, attack dog, so
desperate for affection that-”
Akechi slams the cognition against the piano, the instrument releasing a discordant protest,
bringing his serrated sword to its throat, “Maybe I should wrap this up.”
The cognition rolls its eyes, “Do what you want. We both know it won’t be permanent.”

Akechi grits his teeth, pressing his blade a little closer, “It will be, one day.”
The cognition gets an odd look in its eye. “Hm.” it hums shortly.
“What?” Akechi hisses.
“Nothing.” It says, voice flat.
“Bullshit.”
“Is this going to become a tradition?” The cognition interrupts, pointing to the sword at its
throat, “You speak with the captain, you come visit, you kill me, I come back?”
“I would prefer if steps one and four were revised.” Akechi drawls.
“But you still want to come visit?” The cognition simpers with a flashy smile. It drops the
expression, “I can hardly complain. It gets boring around here- especially now I don’t have a
list of jobs to get through.”
“What even are you?” Akechi snarls, “You’re not real, how the hell can you even get bored?
Aren’t you supposed to be too busy singing the praises of your beloved captain?”
“I wonder…” It hums.
Akechi narrows his eyes.
It’s unsettling, how different this cognition is to the one that killed him. Shido, supposedly,
still thinks of him in the same insulting (pathetic, condescending, piece of shit-) manner as
last time, so what changed?
The Sword of Damocles lowers a little further.
The cognition shifts slightly, “Are you going to keep me pinned to this piano for the rest of
time?”
Akechi slits its throat.
Predictably, the Tower grows to rank six.
Akechi doesn’t move, staring as bits of black smoke and dust drift to the floor.

Chapter End Notes

aaaand the change of heart takes effect! Okumura is panicking, I'm sure.
I would normally have more jokes... but alas... I am tired. next time!

Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Confidants! lmao sorry Sae
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Do you have a timeframe for when exactly your sister started becoming this
much of an asshole?
Makoto: Akechi, this has been happening for nearly two years at this point.
Akechi: huh.
Makoto: Did you not notice?
Akechi: Niijima, you have to understand that your sister takes most of her frustrations
out on you first.

Chapter 55
Chapter Summary

Building bridges

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire is grateful that some progress towards getting it together has been made, in the form
of Futaba’s cumulative group chat. But, nothing has been done since.
It’s only been a day; Sumire continues to tell herself. It’s not like she needs hourly
productivity reports. Even so, she finds herself on edge.
She creaks open the door to the roof, hoping for some respite, unsure if Haru has come to
school today.
Instead of gardening gloves and a lilac sweater, however, Sumire is met with the mildly
surprised faces of Ren, Ann, and Ryuji.
“Uh.” Sumire gapes. “I can- leave-?”
“What?” Ann blinks, snapping to attention. She shuffles over on the desk she’s sitting on,
furiously patting the spot next to her, “Sumire-chan! Come sit with us!”
Sumire gets the feeling that she doesn’t have much of a choice, based on the look Ann is
giving her.
“Oh, okay.” Sumire mumbles awkwardly, walking over to take the offered place.
“Hey.” Ren says, offering a small smile.
“What’s up!” Ryuji cheers with a bright grin, immediately distracting Sumire from having to
respond to Ren.
“Nothing much.” Sumire responds good-naturedly. She smiles, “Just resting, I guess.”
“Taking out palace rulers is always exhausting.” Ren agrees.
“Oh, yeah…” Ann draws out, “You said you did that in the group chat.”
Ryuji snorts, “Did you not notice?”

“Well, they mentioned they had a sleepover!” Ann protests, “I thought that was super fun, so
I guess I latched onto that first.”
“Did you want to have a sleepover?” Ren asks, looking amused.
Ann grimaces, “Eh, maybe once I forget how annoying sleeping in the same room as you
guys is. Remember Hawaii? You snore.”
“Sure it wasn’t Mishima?” Ryuji frowns, looking defensive.
“You all snore.” Ann clarifies.
Sumire laughs, “That sounds like it was trying.” She says, patting Ann on the shoulder in
mock solidarity.
Ann sniffs performatively, “It was.”
“You do snore, you know.” Morgana chimes in, hopping out of the bag at Ren’s side.
“So do you.” Ren shoots back.
“Hello, Morgana-senpai.” Sumire says with a small wave.
“Sorry Mona, did we wake you up?” Ann asks.
Morgana rolls his shoulders in an imitation of a shrug, “Nah, not really. I’ve been getting
plenty of sleep anyways.” He flicks his tail, “What’re we talking about?”
“I think the snoring thing was the only important bit.” Ryuji says.
This is nice, Sumire thinks. It feels normal. A short rest from all the things still left to say and
work out.
“So,” Morgana speaks up, “Is Makoto not here today or something?”
“No, she’s just mad at me.” Ren says flatly.
The illusion shatters, and Sumire finds herself almost grateful.
Ann grimaces, “Yeah…”
“She’s pissed dude.” Ryuji adds.
“Helpful.” Ren quips.
Sumire smiles crookedly, avoiding eye contact, “Sorry. It’s half our fault for taking so long.”
Ren quickly shakes his head, “No. It’s okay. It’ll be fine.” He gives a smile that doesn’t quite
reach his eyes.
“So Mako’s haunting the student council room,” Ann lists, “What about Haru-san?”

“Haru’s probably taking the day off.” Sumire offers, “She was supposed to be moving into
her fiancé’s house- yesterday? But since we changed his heart…”
Ren hums, “It’s weird. Last time, Haru took these days off school because her dad had just
died.”
Ann and Ryuji give him flat looks. “Dude.” Ryuji aptly comments.
Ren frowns, “I was just pointing it out…”
Sumire finds a giggle bubbling past her lips, “Goro always used to give me these really
annoyed looks whenever I told him something about the last timeline he didn’t like.”
Ren’s lips twitch up, “Sounds about right.”
“I keep forgetting that you two have a whole year of extra knowledge.” Morgana hums,
“Akechi too.” He pauses, “Hey! That means you can ace your exams!”
Ann and Ryuji groan in protest.
“Don’t remind me!” Ann whines.
“Uh.” Sumire blinks, “When are they again?”
“You forgot?!” Ryuji blurts incredulously.
Sumire waves her hands quickly, “I’ve been busy! I haven’t had any time to study, either.”
“Do you even need to?” Morgana asks.
“Just because I’ve done them before doesn’t mean I remember what’s on them…” Sumire
laments.
“Have you been studying, Renren?” Ryuji nudges Ren.
“Nope.” Ren says simply.
“Ha!” Ann jabs a finger at him, “Suffer with us!”
Ren shrugs, “I forgot.” He says by way of explanation. A mischievous grin curls up his face,
“And they’re super easy, anyway-”
“Shut up!” Ryuji clamps a hand over Ren’s mouth, “I don’t wanna hear it!”
“When are they?” Sumire asks again.
“The seventeenth.” Morgana supplies, before batting a paw at Ren’s leg, “Seriously, Joker!
Even I remembered!”
Ren must lick Ryuji’s hand, as Ryuji quickly pulls away with a ‘gross, dude!’. “I was having
a crisis.”

“I guess that’s fair.” Ann says with a sigh.
Sumire hums.
“Can we please talk about something else?” Ryuji begs, dragging his hands down his face, “I
don’t wanna think about exams…”
“Would you rather talk about the world ending?” Morgana suggests wryly.
Ryuji grimaces, “No, dude. I think about it enough whenever I see the doc waving to me in
the halls.”
“I hope he hasn’t noticed that we’re avoiding him…” Ann mutters worriedly.
“He doesn’t remember the last timeline, so the worst he could be is mildly offended.” Ren
points out.
Sumire tugs on her ponytail, “Goro said that something was up with his shadow, though…”
An uncomfortable hush falls over the group.
Ann forces a grin, “Another topic it is!”
“Yep.” Ryuji agrees readily. “Uh… oh!” He leans forward, and points at Sumire “You woulda
already known who I was when we talked a bit at the start of the year, huh?”
Sumire perks up, and nods, “I did! I… kinda spent those first few days panicking.”
“When did the loop happen?” Ren asks, “I can’t really tell, since everything went exactly the
same early on.”
“A few days before you came to school.” Sumire says.
“Trippy.” Ann supplies.
“No kidding.” Ryuji huffs. “S’weird to think that you already knew everything about me and
I had no idea.”
“Me too!” Ann raises her hand, “You and I talked a bit during April, right, Sumire-chan?”
Sumire nods, and then quickly shakes her head, “I honestly didn’t know that much about you
guys. I had only been part of the Phantom Thieves for a month, and we were… kind of
occupied.”
“Well now you have plenty of time to get to know us!” Morgana declares.
Sumire smiles, and the bell for the end of break rings.
“But, not right now.” Ann says with a pout. She groans, “God, Kawakami’s probably just
going to be grilling us about the exams…”

“Sucks to be you!” Ryuji says brightly.
Ann smacks his shoulder, “You say that like you aren’t going to get grilled, too! And your
grades are worse than mine!”
“You don’t have ‘ta rub it in!” Ryuji protests, as he creaks open the door, Ann trailing behind
him.
Sumire stands up, and brushes off her skirt. She pauses, as she realises Ren had been silent
for the tail end of that conversation.
“Um, Ren-senpai?” Sumire starts, “Are you going to class…?”
***
Ren bites the inside of his cheek as Sumire gives him an inquisitive look.
“Hey Mona,” He says, tapping the bag at his side, “D’you mind following Ann to class?”
Morgana gives him a slightly suspicious squint, looking between him and Sumire, whose
eyes have widened with understanding.
“Okay…” Morgana eventually says, hopping to the floor, “You’ll be late, you know.”
“Kawakami will let me get away with anything.” Ren says truthfully.
Sumire laughs slightly, “And I can just make up an excuse or something.”
“Alright.” Morgana sighs, trotting over to the door, “It’s your funeral.”
As Morgana leaves, Sumire looks to be readying herself. “So… I take that you wanted to talk
now?”
Ren shrugs, reaching up to twist his fringe between his fingers, “It seems as good a time as
any. Unless you wanted to wait…?”
Sumire quickly shakes her head, “No! Now is good!” She laughs, “I think we’ll just keep
putting it off if we don’t get it over with.”
“Historically, that does seem like something we’d do.” Ren comments, and Sumire laughs
some more.
Ren isn’t sure how long Kawakami’s patience for lateness can be stretched, but he’s sure he
isn’t doing the ticking clock any favours as he and Sumire awkwardly descend into silence,
avoiding eye contact and waiting for the other to start.
Ren should start. He’s the one that said they should talk.
“Uh-” Ren swallows, “I’m sorry, about everything.”

Sumire’s head whips up, and her lips are halfway to forming the words it’s okay before she
catches herself. “Y-yeah.” She says instead.
“I fucked up.” Ren admits.
Sumire’s lips twitch up, “You did.” She says candidly. She sighs, “But…”
Ren quickly shakes his head, “No. No I definitely fucked up.” A laugh bubbles past his lips,
“You don’t have to downplay it for my sake or anything.”
Sumire blinks, before a proper smile breaks through, “I guess that’s probably something I
would have done before, huh?” She sheepishly readjusts her glasses, “I guess the instinct is
still there, but…”
Ren abruptly realises that he doesn’t know Sumire Yoshizawa.
He knew her before, in the month that wasn’t. He learned her habits and fears and insecurities
until she had just started to grow past them, and then decided that none of it mattered when
faced with the end of the world.
But it’s been six months, and Ren knows better than anyone how much can change in that
time.
“I-” Sumire pauses to huff, “I really looked up to you. A lot.”
“I know.”
Sumire grimaces, “Obvious, huh? I do- did that with people, a lot.”
Ren does the math in his head, and then grimaces, as he measures Sumire’s track record with
the people she tends to idolise.
“I don’t want to do that anymore.” Sumire declares, “I don’t think I am doing it anymore.”
She grins wryly, “I actually think that Goro and Haru-senpai being so difficult sometimes
really evened the playing field.”
Ren snorts, “Haru, really?”
Sumire’s grin widens, “You’d be surprised.”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, thinking of the empty spool of thread where the Empress used
to sit. “Yeah. I guess I probably would be.”
Sumire tilts her head in something that might be understanding, and hums. She threads her
hands together, “Um, all this is to say that, when you took the deal…” she trails off,
expression pinched.
Ren nods slowly.

Sumire huffs, “This sucks.” She mutters to herself, before straightening back up, “This was
so much easier before I knew why you did it.”
Oh.
“I mean…” Sumire continues, “I wouldn’t want Goro to die, either. And I basically did the
same thing, right?”
Ren swallows, and thinks that he might actually still know Sumire pretty well.
“You can still be angry.” Ren reassures her, like he would have months ago, “It doesn’t have
to be a- trade, or anything.”
Sumire raises her eyebrows, like she can see right through him. She laughs, “Well, I know
that.” Ren blinks in surprise, “I’m definitely angry. But- I guess I’m trying to say that I
understand? Which, well, you probably would have known that anyway…” She mumbles.
“Honestly? I didn’t.” Ren confesses, “You’re so different. In a good way.” He quickly adds.
Sumire snickers, “I guess so.” She says, graciously ignoring Ren’s save. She looks down, and
taps her shoe against the ground, “I was so confused, in January, that none of you were mad
at me for siding with Maruki at first. So I guess I’m just not as forgiving when the shoe is on
the other foot.”
Ren gives her a flat look, “You were pretty quick to forgive Maruki for brainwashing you, so
I kind of doubt that one.”
Sumire gives a short laugh, before frowning.
“Um, not that I’m saying you should forgive me or anything-” Ren mumbles.
“I think…” Sumire interrupts him, “I’d like to think, that even without all this, I would have
grown to resent what Doctor Maruki did to me.” She takes a breath, “I’m not sure how long it
would have taken without… all this, but I think that you taking the deal made me realise how
scared I was.”
Ren swallows, “Sorry.” He says again.
Sumire fidgets, looking a little out of place. “Um. I don’t think I have anything else to say? Ihm. I’m glad I got to get this off my chest, though.” She gives an awkward little bow, “Thank
you for hearing me out.”
Ren can’t help the smile that splits his face, “Don’t thank me. I’m the one who messed all this
up.”
Sumire looks up, and blinks. She gets a look on her face that is eerily reminiscent to the one
Akechi does when he’s won an argument, “Can we just say you owe me, then?”
Ren doubts that Sumire has it in her to be nefarious, so he doesn’t hesitate to shrug and say
“Yeah, sure.”

Sumire giggles, “Great. I’ll remember that for later.” She turns and starts to walk towards the
door to the roof, before she pauses. “Um,” She mumbles, turning back around, “I really did
miss being your friend, all this time.”
Ren tugs on his fringe, and shuffles forward, offering a hand, “It probably won’t be the same,
but we can still make it work, right?”
Sumire stares down at his hand, before a watery smile breaks out over her face, and gives his
hand a firm shake, “Yeah. Definitely.”
***
Haru feels, for lack of any better word, like shit.
Two days off school is the limit of what her father was willing to grant her, and even then
Haru thinks that she only got away with it because he was too busy playing hot potato with
all the deals that have surely fallen through following Sugimura’s change of heart.
Thankfully, nothing has made it through to the media. Her father’s influence, combined with
the efforts of Sugimura’s family to keep him on a leash, have successfully contained the man
from running to the hills to spill all his sins.
Haru is almost disappointed. But, it’s ultimately beneficial to their goals, so she won’t
complain.
She decides to get to school early, if only to avoid the curious eyes of those who noticed her
absence.
“Haru-san.” A voice calls from behind her, and she stops walking.
Haru turns to find Makoto briskly walking to catch up with her, an apprehensive look on her
face, and she presses her lips together. “Niijima-san.”
“Call me Makoto.” Is the immediate protest, sounding almost offended. “You’re here early.”
“So are you.” Haru points out, beginning to walk towards the school again.
“I’m the student council president.” Makoto points out, keeping pace, “I have to be early.”
Haru hums, “I suppose.”
Makoto grimaces, before pasting a friendlier expression overtop, “So you’re… back at
school?”
“Did you need something from me, Makoto-san?” Haru says by way of an answer.
Makoto stops walking, and Haru surprises herself by stopping with her. “I just figured we
should get along, if we’re going to be working together.” She says tightly.
Haru understands the logic. She isn’t sure if logic is enough, however. “Is that so?”

Makoto takes a breath, and tucks her hair behind her ear, “I’m trying to- I know I jumped the
gun, in Mementos, but…”
Haru frowns.
“I’m trying.” Makoto finishes weakly.
Haru shrugs delicately, and gestures to start walking again, “I don’t doubt it. There’s a lot
going on.”
Makoto hums, “I just- feel like there’s finally some progress to be made, now that you’ve
dealt with your fiancé’s palace.”
Haru nods, “There is. But what progress do you think you’re making by being friendly with
me?”
Makoto threads her hands together in front of her, “Team cohesion?”
“…And why me, specifically?” Haru pushes.
“Well, you’re here, aren’t you?” Makoto says with a huff.
Haru has to concede that that’s a good point. She also isn’t quite sure if it’s the whole truth.
“I’m sorry that you’ve caught me while I’m in a poor mood, then.” Haru says.
Makoto blinks, “Oh. I… didn’t notice.”
Haru raises her eyebrows, but doesn’t comment further.
“So… how have your studies been going?” Makoto asks eventually, and Haru resigns herself
to honour student small talk.
“They’ve been going.” Haru sighs, “I’ve been a bit distracted, as you can imagine.”
Makoto laughs slightly, “I can. I’m honestly a bit worried for my scores this exam block.”
Haru smiles a bit, “At the very least, studying serves as a good distraction from my
distractions.”
“Now that I definitely understand.” Makoto says dryly. “I’ve been pretty busy, at least. The
school festival is coming up…”
Haru frowns, “Right, I had forgotten…” She frowns a little deeper, “What was our class
doing again?”
“Just some generic food stall.” Makoto shrugs, “I get out of it because of student council
responsibilities, and I think all you really need to do is contribute a bit of money.”
“I suppose that the more elaborate stalls are usually done by the first and second years…”
Haru muses. Even without magical otherworlds to contend with, she’s sure she’d be a bit put

off by festival preparations in her third year.
“Right.” Makoto gives an incredulous huff, “I think Ren and Ann’s class are doing a maid
café…?”
Haru giggles, “I’m sure they’ll have plenty of fun with that.”
“I’m sure.” Makoto says with a sarcastic lilt. “I think Sumire-chan’s class is doing a haunted
house, too.”
Haru makes a mental note to insist that Sumire give Haru the director’s cut of that particular
exhibit. “Is anyone doing a play this year? Those are always quite fun.”
Makoto tilts her head, “I can’t remember… I’ll check when I unlock the student council room
this morning.”
Haru opens her mouth to respond, but pauses as she hears another group of early students
loudly gossip a few metres behind them.
“I’m telling you!” One girl says, “The Phantom Thieves are slacking off!”
“It’s not like we know how they work.” Her friend counters, “Maybe… Okumura is just so
rotten that it’s taking forever to change his heart.”
“Sounds like excuses to me.” The first girl scoffs, “Hey- d’you think that Akechi-kun was
maybe right this whole time? I wasn’t so sure after Medjed, but now…”
The other girl scoffs, “You’re such a bandwagoner!”
There’s an affronted noise, “Says you-”
Makoto’s expression grows a bit pinched.
“…So are we having a special guest this year, too?” Haru says, in a vain attempt at
distraction.
“Most likely.” Makoto drawls out, tearing her side-eye away from the girls behind them,
“We’ll be holding votes directly after exams to see who we’ll ask.”
Haru’s thoughts slip to the ever-fluctuating popularity between Tokyo’s latest pseudo-idols. “I
wonder…”
Makoto hums, a grimace tugging at the edges of her mouth.
***
Futaba doesn’t have it in her to complain when Yusuke shows up at her house unannounced.
Even after she decided to give a ‘show of good faith’ or whatever someone charitable might
call it, she still feels- stuck. Waiting. She could probably blame Ren and call it a day, but she

has to admit that a lot of the tension is exclusively her own problem.
So, Inari is a good distraction.
Or, he would be, if he wasn’t absorbed in a sketchbook, oblivious to the world. Futaba
wonders why he bothered coming here at all, if he’s just going to sit there and do what he
could easily do in the poorly ventilated atmosphere of his dorm.
Actually, that might be why he’s here. Futaba should start charging him to help with the
electricity bill, if this keeps up.
She eventually decides to just get stuck into some project or another, if Yusuke is going to be
taking a vow of silence.
“Ah! It’s finished.” Yusuke says abruptly, and Futaba nearly falls out of her chair.
“Whuh?” Is the eloquent sound she musters in response.
“I did come here for a purpose, but I found myself struck with too many ideas to risk losing
focus.” Yusuke explains serenely, “I merely took some time to note down all the
compositions I deemed worth exploring in the future.”
“That took you,” Futaba checks the time, “Nearly half an hour.”
Yusuke’s eyes widen, “Truly? It felt like longer.”
Futaba sighs.
“Back to the matter at hand,” Yusuke continues, neatly tucking all his art supplies away, “I
came to visit to see how you are doing.”
“Oh, I’m fine.” Futaba says to the ceiling, “Peachy.”
“Is that so?” Yusuke hums, “I suppose you were the one to first attempt to bridge the gap
between our two groups.”
“Sure was.” Futaba says, puffing out her chest in excessive bravado.
Yusuke gives her a flat look, “Are you really alright?”
Futaba slumps, defeated. Her acting skills never were that great, and Inari has the unfortunate
honour of being barely socially aware enough to see right through her. “M’ fine.” She
mumbles.
Yusuke hums knowingly. “I know that I have no qualms in working with the others, but I am
not a victim of any of their misdeeds.” He says, a clear invitation for Futaba to start spilling
her guts.
“Yeah, yeah.” She huffs, “But it’s not really-”

She cuts herself off before she reaches the root of the problem.
Well. She cuts her voice off. She’s not quite quick enough to catch her thoughts.
She doesn’t have a problem with Sumire. She doesn’t! She thought she did, but then that
turned out to be about three people jumping the gun with circumstantial evidence. Problem
solved, water under the bridge, other similar proverbs.
Futaba doesn’t have a problem with Haru, either. All the same baggage as with Sumire,
solved and forgotten even faster since there wasn’t any history there to begin with. The only
thing that Futaba can begrudge is the snide comment about her motherWhich halts the train at Futaba’s actual problem.
“I dunno what to do about Akechi.” Futaba mutters.
“I don’t think you’re alone in that feeling.” Yusuke points out.
Futaba shrugs, “Sure. But it’s not like anyone else has a solution to go with that.”
“That’s also true.” Yusuke concedes.
“Part of me just hopes he’s an asshole.” Futaba whispers, mostly to herself, “That the time we
spent working together was one-hundred-percent fake, and he’s just the absolute worst.”
Yusuke huffs something that sounds almost like a laugh, “I can see why that would make
things easier. I certainly…” He frowns, and cuts himself off with a shake of the head, “I have
to say that in this instance I hope that is not the case.”
“How come?” Futaba mumbles with a pout, slightly annoyed at being disagreed with.
“I believe that Akechi-kun and I have things to discuss.” Yusuke explains airily, “It would be
rather difficult to achieve this if he is, as you say, just an asshole.”
Futaba grins slightly at successfully getting Inari to swear.
“And besides,” Yusuke continues, “Yoshizawa-san and Okumura-san seem to enjoy his
company. I doubt this would be the case for no reason at all.”
“Yeah.” Futaba clicks her tongue, conceding the point. “But, also…”
Yusuke tilts his head, “Also?”
Futaba swallows, “There was… When Makoto and I were trying to figure out what Akechi’s
deal was, when he was part of the team, I, uh, fell down a couple of rabbit holes, and… I
asked Sojiro a bit about my mom.”
Yusuke narrows his eyes, and nods slowly.

“And, um,” Futaba continues, voice growing smaller, “Apparently she was… experimenting
on people. Kids.”
Yusuke’s mouth forms a little ‘o’, and he looks stricken, “Ah.”
“Yep.” Futaba finishes with a popping sound.
Yusuke grimaces, “And you believe that Akechi-kun…?”
Futaba shrugs, “I don’t know.” She says truthfully, “I’d have to ask.”
Which is the problemYusuke hums lowly, a considering look on his face.
“And, what if-” Futaba chokes out, “What if I do ask him, and he tells me something that-”
She swallows, “I love my mom, but what if-?”
“He tells you something that stains your image of her?” Yusuke finishes.
“Yeah…” Futaba breathes out.
Yusuke doesn’t seem to have an answer to follow that. Futaba isn’t surprised, but she can’t
help but feel disappointed.
***
On Friday morning, Ren decides that enough is enough.
His talk with Sumire happened two days ago, and in the time between he summarily forgot to
get his act together.
He probably would have decided that today was the best time for the meeting either way, but
he can’t help but grimace at the late notice he’s giving everyone.
Joker: everyone good to meet at leblanc this afternoon?
A few replies come in immediately.
Oracle: y
Queen: I can make it.
Skull: im good!
Morgana hops up onto the bed to try and peer at his phone screen. “What’re you doing?”
“Finally getting somewhere, hopefully.” Ren mumbles back.
A few more texts come in.

Panther: this woke me up… but yeah im not busy!
Violet: im free!
Fox: Of course.
“I can make it too; in case you were wondering.” Morgana interjects, and Ren snorts.
Noir: if something comes up, ill let everyone know. but right now, it looks like i can make it.
Just one more person to confirm.
Ren bites his lips, pushing down the treacherous little thought that hopes their last remaining
member is busy.
I’d prefer quite the opposite. Arsène sniffs, and Ren’s chest feels a little lighter.
A pause,
Crow: I can make it, as well.
***
Justine taps her fingers against the edge of her clipboard. “When do you think master will
open the doors…?”
“It doesn’t matter.” Caroline snaps. “He’ll open them when he opens them.”
And that’s that.
The twins have stood guard over the entrance to the Velvet Room for over a week at this
point. Never in their (-Short, why can they only remember so far back? It’s a shelf of ice,
until it tapers off to a point-) memories has the Velvet Room denied its guests for so long- or
at all, for that matter.
One half of their number would loathe to admit it, while the other quietly acquiesces the
point in the privacy of her own mind: This disruption hardly affects the defendant. For all he
complains and delivers unnecessary snark, the twins have to concede that the Velvet Room
has not provided its full array of services to their second wildcard.
The inmate, meanwhile, should be experiencing far more in the way of inconvenience.
But, it doesn’t seem like he has.
In fact, the twins haven’t seen him pass the entrance to any of the Velvet doors placed in the
Metaverse at all since they’ve taken to barricading them. If they were to flaunt their own
pride, they would say that the inmate relies on them so heavily that he simply doesn’t dare
step foot in the cognitive world without their aid at his side.
But, Pride is a sin, so they once again have to concede that this is not the case.

The last they saw the inmate was in that back alley in the human world, eyeing the twins with
an apprehension he had not demonstrated prior. He seemed disturbed at the situation, but not
by the promise of not seeing the inside of his cell for an indeterminate amount of time.
Justine frowns as she flips through the pages of the compendium, Caroline peering over her
shoulder.
Odd, that a sudden chunk of previously unregistered personas were suddenly made manifest,
moments before their master ordered that the doors be sealed.
It leaves them both uneasy.
“This isn’t…” Justine mumbles under her breath. Caroline ignores her, her fists clenching
tightly around her baton.
It doesn’t mean anything. The scattered memories and strange lists that plague their thoughts
are falsehoods, fragments of nothing, designed to distract them.
They ignore the feeling of the Strength and Temperance nested in their heart.
***
Just two paces away, or perhaps an infinite space, a god watches with interest.
The cards have spoken at last, and the two chosen wildcards have finally proven themselves
useful. A total victory is the only outcome that matters- it is hardly a win if it is by the skin of
one’s teeth.
How easy it will be to drag the players forward on strings, roping their chaos back in line. To
rebel is to doom themselves- there is only one path that will bring them the furthest, and that
path is as ruinous as all the rest.
But, first, the waiting game.
***
Sumire hasn’t been in a room with all the Phantom Thieves since they sat down and
explained time travel, which was a far tenser situation than it had any need to be, in her
opinion.
This to say that, theoretically, things should be calmer now. Her and Ren have talked it out, to
her infinite relief (Though not everything is-), and she would assume that the other thieves
would be jumping with joy now that their limbo has been broken. She would hope that Haru,
too, is feeling a bit better, without the threat of being sold off hanging over her head.
…Sumire takes the half win where she can get it, as things are certainly not as tense as they
were last, but are certainly still uncomfortable.
And, Goro isn’t here yet.

Futaba looks like she wants to melt into the floor. Sumire sends her a tentative, bridgebuilding, smile, receiving in return something that could be a smile if she reads it generously.
Ren is furiously tugging on his fringe, “So…” He starts, and grimaces as everyone’s attention
immediately snaps to him, “Sumire, Haru. Do you know where…?”
Sumire opens her mouth to say no, she has no idea where Goro is, before she’s cut off by
everyone’s phones buzzing simultaneously.
Sumire frowns as she checks the group chat.
Crow: I’ll be late
…Alright.
“Well, there’s your answer?” Ann chimes in, a step to the left of light-hearted.
“Not exactly.” Makoto says dryly.
Ryuji groans, sinking into his chair, “So we just gotta wait around ‘till he shows up?”
“Something like that.” Haru says with a small shrug.
“He might just be caught in traffic, or something.” Sumire points out. If Goro has taken the
time to warn them that he’ll be late, then things probably aren’t that serious.
Makoto frowns, “Does he… even have a license?”
Sumire wasn’t sure what she expected the counter to her argument to be, but it wasn’t that.
“He doesn’t.” Haru provides, “We talked about it, once. Apparently he went for the test, and
failed because he was too reckless on the road.” She frowns slightly, “I, um, had the same
problem.”
Ren snickers quietly.
“Do you have a license, Makoto?” Yusuke asks with interest.
“I do.” Makoto answers with a nod, perhaps a bit too smug, “Though, I haven’t had much
opportunity to use it. Sis does have a car, but she doesn’t trust me with it at all.”
“Well, you’re better at driving than this guy.” Morgana snipes, batting Ren’s arm, “Joker just
drives right into shadows willy-nilly!”
“It kills them, doesn’t it?” Ren says, looking mildly offended.
“Remember that one time you had to reverse over one a couple of times?” Futaba pipes up.
Ann makes a face, “Oh god don’t remind me. That was gross.”

“Every now and again, I think I still see those tire tracks with all the shadow guts.” Ryuji says
with a shiver, “It was brutal, dude.”
Ren shrugs, “It kills them, doesn’t it?” He repeats, deadpan.
“You could stand to do it more elegantly.” Yusuke mutters.
Sumire giggles into her hand, relieved at the tension having been mostly defused.
She doesn’t dare get her hopes up that the actual planning will be the same way.

Chapter End Notes

I love when the PT get to goof off. They deserve it, really, after all the bullshit I've been
throwing at them HAHA
so I FORGOT last week, to make the absolute banger of a joke that cognitive Akechi
was the piano guy playing "impromptu for the next Prime Minister" in the corner all
along. I had been waiting literal weeks to do that bit. for shame.
Socials! Sooo I figured I'd try out Cara? I haven't really posted much yet (I made an
account. literally today HA), but it seems like it could be an interesting platform
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! No rank ups? No rank ups.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 5
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: Oh god I'm not ready to talk to Akechi
Akechi: You're not ready? Do you think I'm ready to talk to you?
Futaba: Well I was really hoping one of us was, because I think this is going to suck
otherwise
Akechi: I have bad news.

Chapter 56
Chapter Summary

Plans, musings, and olive branches

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Apprehension notwithstanding, Akechi had been confident in his claim that he could make it
to the meeting scheduled for this afternoon.
Had, being the operative word, as he receives an unfortunate phone call one foot out the door.
He checks the caller ID.
…A very unfortunate phone call.
Pushing his luck on how many times he can let it ring, Akechi sends a hastily typed I’ll be
late to the group chat, and picks up the call.
“Sir.”
“Akechi.” Is the flat response. “I have some good news for you.”
Bad sign. “Oh?”
“There seems to be some public unrest caused by the Phantom Thieves’ lack of action.”
Shido drawls.
Akechi bites at his lip, “Is that so?”
“Indeed. And it seems that the police recently found a calling card in Kobayakawa’s office, as
well. They’ve yet to release that information to the public, of course, but it’s only a matter of
time before they can prove its validity.” There’s a bland chuckle, “The masses will surely
jump ship, once this is known.”
Akechi sees how it is.
“That sounds like quite the boon for you, sir.”
“It is.” Shido affirms, voice still a deadpan, “And, as I said, excellent news for you. Your past
difficulties in closing this case could be overlooked with this. In fact, we may not need you at
all for the final stretch.”

Akechi grits his teeth, “Is that your final decision?”
“Don’t jump the gun, Akechi.” Shido chides with faux humour, “There still may be some use
for you yet. After all, you’re the only one who has shown the degree of competency required
to actually catch the Phantom Thieves. Who knows? They might do something drastic soon.”
“I’ll do my best, sir. I don’t doubt that your instinct is correct.” Akechi says past the tension
in his throat.
“Of course.” Shido hums, lackadaisical, “See that it is done.”
“Right.”
The call ends. Akechi takes a breath, and the clock runs a little lower.
Shit.
***
Ren can’t tell if he’d rather that Akechi is late because he’s in danger or if he’s late because
he’s avoiding Ren.
A truly absurd thought to have, considering how much Ren has agonised over the former and
knows the latter for a fact, but the surprising bout of friendly banter among the thieves can
only distract him for so long.
Ren decides that he honestly would have preferred Akechi didn’t show up at all when he sees
sharp red eyes cut a line through the room, immediately plunging the atmosphere of the room
into ice as they crest the top of the stairs.
Sumire gives a cheerful wave.
Ren wants to disappear.
“Well, then.” Akechi drawls, low and mocking, and god Ren hasn’t heard him like this since
January, “Now that we’re all here.”
Ren really wants to disappear. He can guess that Akechi wants the same thing, given that he
hasn’t graced Ren with even a glance since entering the attic. In the corner of his eye, he can
see Futaba sink into her chair a little deeper.
Akechi rolls his eyes at the silence, briskly walking over to stand behind Sumire, “I have
some bad news. Though it should help us pick a direction, at least.”
“…Bad news?” Morgana prompts tentatively, when no one else takes the lead.
“Shido is getting impatient.” Akechi says, clipped. “Whatever deadlines may present
themselves in the future, we need to pick up the pace, else the conspiracy may just act.”
Haru sighs, “Well, I suppose that isn’t particularly surprising.”

Ren wants to speak. Are you safe, he wants to ask, are you going to be okay, please, please
don’t die again,
He doesn’t want a repeat of Maruki’s palace. So, he clamps his jaw shut.
“What do mean by ‘act’, exactly?” Makoto asks, all business.
“I mean, that Shido might decide my usefulness has run its course.” Akechi sneers, “So
unless you consider my death a convenience for you, then we are on an undefined time
limit.”
Ren grinds his teeth together. Makoto barely looks to be restraining her glare.
“Then what is it that we need to do?” Yusuke leans forward, “Shido has a plan for us, yes?”
“There ain’t no way we’re just goin’ along with that though, right?” Ryuji cuts in, indignant.
“Yeah, what was it you said?” Ann looks between Ren, Sumire, and Akechi, “Okumura died
last time, right?”
“I killed him, yes.” Akechi says, dry as the desert. “Shido’s plan for all of you, put simply, is
this;”
Ren remembers piecing together the conspiracy’s machinations, last time. He remembers
catching Akechi in his lies, remembers planning, subterfuge, gambling. He remembers
skulking through the halls of the cruise liner, growing more and more horrified as each letter
they acquired revealed yet another limb to the spider’s web they hadn’t even realised they
were all wrapped up in.
Hearing it a second time isn’t much better.
“So if Shido doesn’t believe that everything he wants to happen is happening, then we’re
going to be in trouble.” Sumire summarises weakly.
“…Does that mean Okumura has to die?” Futaba speaks up.
“Not necessarily.” Haru immediately counters. “We had considered this, once, when we were
trying to direct you all away from playing right into Shido’s hands, but,”
“Oh!” Sumire jumps, “Can we really fake his death?”
Akechi sighs, and Makoto makes a face.
“You make it sound so easy.” She says, brows furrowed.
“It won’t be easy, per say.” Haru says, “There’s a reason we relegated it to one of our many
last resorts. Mostly, though, it will be expensive.”
“You can cover that though, right?” Ryuji points out bluntly, and Haru give a small nod in
confirmation.

“Trying to find trusted people and several secure locations, announcing the event to the
media in such a way that no one can refute it…” Makoto lists, and turns to Haru, “Will your
father even cooperate with something like that?”
“As he is now? No.” Haru says simply.
Ah.
“Then we change his heart, correct?” Yusuke folds his arms.
“Yeah! That’s basically what we were going to do, anyway.” Ann brightens up.
Morgana flicks his tail, “It sounds to me like this is all a lot easier than we were making it out
to be. We already know everything that worked last time, right? So we just do all that, and
trick Shido into thinking that nothing else is happening behind the scenes.”
There’s a pause, as most of the thieves look relieved.
Ren mulls it over.
It would be easy. Catch up with Okumura, make it look like he died, start with Sae’s palaceAnd therein lies the problem.
“You even had a whole thing to fake Joker’s death, right?” Morgana asks, looking between
Ren and Akechi, “Can’t you just do that again?”
Ren’s breath catches.
He could do it, couldn’t he? He’d just have to get arrested again- he lived the first time, he
can endure it, if he has to, relive the kicks and metallic stings and nearly biting through his
tongue when“Not quite.” Akechi eventually says.
Ren, over the sound of his own heartbeat, and against all of his better judgement, speaks for
the first time that evening. “Trying to make sure it sticks, this time?”
Akechi’s eyes finally snap to him with a livid glare, “Oh believe me.” He snarls, “I am
tempted, Joker.”
Makoto abruptly stands, “You-!” She hisses.
Akechi scoffs, “What, Niijima?”
Ren bites the inside of his cheek, and closes his eyes.
“We’ve all agreed to work together, but that doesn’t mean you get to threaten us-”
“Threaten you? I couldn’t care less about the rest of you, the only-”

“Guys!” Sumire tries to interject, but she goes ignored.
Ren is mostly surprised it took so long for something to snap.
…Maybe he should have just kept his mouth shut. This argument is meaningless.
“Do you seriously expect us to trust you when you act like this?”
“By the looks of it, you’re the only one with hangups. Jealousy has always been a bad look
on you, you know-”
“Both of you shut up!” Futaba snaps, standing up so fast that her chair falls over.
Akechi and Makoto, to their credit, do shut up.
Futaba breathes heavily from her outburst, immediately looking like she wants to melt into a
puddle. She picks up her chair, and slowly sinks back into it, shoulders hunched.
“Now that all the murder jokes are out of the way,” She mumbles, and Akechi raises an
eyebrow.
“He sure didn’t sound like he was joking.” Makoto grits out.
“Forgive me for being annoyed when-” Akechi cuts himself off, shooting Ren another
withering glare. “I was getting to a point. That being that unless you do want someone to kill
your leader, your little bait and switch isn’t quite going to cut it this time.”
“…Why not?” Morgana eventually says.
“Because, that plan, though none of you even knew it, hinged on the fact that Shido was fully
convinced that I was loyal enough that I wouldn’t dare try and lie to him about my success.”
Akechi sneers, “My word was the only report of Amamiya’s death. They never even
confirmed there was a body at all.”
“…And Shido doesn’t trust you, anymore?” Ann asks, still looking a bit uncomfortable.
Akechi’s expression grows pinched, “He never trusted me. Not really. But he did expect I’d
follow his orders unfailingly.”
“What changed?” Yusuke tilts his head.
Akechi frowns, “Truthfully? I’m not entirely sure. I suspect it’s an accumulation of small
behavioural changes across this timeline that have led to a major change in how he perceives
me.”
“So we’d, like, need to give him a body, or something?” Ryuji rubs the back of his neck.
“He might not even send me to do the deed at all.” Akechi admits. “But even if that’s the
case, and there’s another person we have the potential to trick: face it, that plan, from what
I’ve been told, was always held together with chewing gum and a dash of divine intervention.

The number of coincidences required to make that work for a second time are nothing short
of absurd.”
Ren peels his nails away from where they had been digging crescents into his palms. He
hadn’t even noticed he’d been clenching them. The tension slowly bleeds from his body.
Okay. Okay, he can definitely work with a new plan.
“So once we get to the end of prosecutor lady’s palace, we can’t keep up the charade with
Shido anymore.” Futaba concludes. “Unless anyone has a spare body lying around.”
“I do not.” Yusuke says, looking pained. Ryuji shoots him a look.
Ren swallows down the lingering bile in his throat, and unclamps his jaw, looking to Akechi,
“Does he know who I am?”
Akechi looks ready to tear into him for speaking up again, but after a moment his expression
falls into a controlled neutrality, “No, he doesn’t. Though that deadline lines up nicely
alongside our problem with Shido. Sae-san had all but confirmed your identities by the end of
November, last time. If she knows, so does the director of the SIU.”
“I take the SIU director is in on the conspiracy, too?” Makoto sighs, directing her gaze
pointedly at the table.
“Not really a surprise, at this point.” Ryuji grumbles.
“Okay, but,” Ann starts, “Okay. So we can’t fake anyone’s death. Not like that, at least. But,
we were gonna have to stop playing by Shido’s rules eventually, right?”
“Of course,” Haru says with a sigh, “But that’s not the only problem.”
“Right.” Sumire’s shoulder’s slump, “There’s still the god of control.”
Ren hisses out a breath through his teeth, “Shit. Yeah, we only got famous enough to reach
Yaldabaoth because of how flashy we were leading up to taking out Shido.”
“I’m curious, though.” Haru interjects with a tilt of her head, “Why do we even need to
bother with Yaldabaoth?”
There’s a bewildered pause.
“What?” Morgana counters eloquently.
“I’m serious.” Haru insists, “By the looks of it, or at least from what we’ve seen,” She
gestures to Sumire and Akechi, “Yaldabaoth needs us to come to him first.”
Ann grimaces, “I dunno…”
Several heads look between Ren, Akechi, and Sumire for input. Akechi scowls, “What? I
wasn’t quite alive enough to have any information for you all.”

Sumire laughs weakly at that, “And I wasn’t part of the Phantom Thieves.”
All eyes turn to Ren, and he grimaces. “Well…”
He throws his mind back, trying to remember the day that they fought the god of control.
Everything is something of a blur- Ren had still been trying to grapple with Akechi’s death,
of which he had been in fervent denial, and the exhaustion of tearing through Shido’s palace
and shadow had started to catch up with him.
He remembers…
“Wait.” Ren sits up, “No, I don’t think that’s quite right.”
“Speak, oh prophet.” Futaba mumbles with barely half of her usual energy.
Ren sends an appreciative grin at the joke nonetheless, and straightens up, “Things started
getting weird with reality right after Shido’s change of heart.”
Sumire’s eyes widen, “Oh, yeah… it was like no one cared that he had confessed to all those
crimes.”
“Exactly.” Ren nods sharply, “So I don’t know what the exact requirements are, but…”
“But our inaction won’t solve anything.” Makoto finishes, brows furrowed. “Or, at least, it’s
not something we want to bet on.”
Haru frowns, “Then why did Yaldabaoth remove the block on our palace progress?” She
turns to Akechi, “That is what happened, right?”
“It’s what Maruki’s shadow implied.” Akechi says with a shrug, “As much as I hate the man,
he does seem to value honesty as a virtue.”
“Then…” Ann’s face scrunches, “What’s this guy doing?”
Ren gives it a moment’s consideration. He grinds his teeth in frustration as he reaches a
conclusion.
“I think,” He starts, “That Yaldabaoth may be trying to double down.”
“Are you serious?” Akechi drawls.
“Very.” Ren scrapes a hand down his face, “His whole thing is trying to prove that humanity
needs complete order to function, that humanity wants complete order.”
Ryuji scowls, “Seriously? What an asshole.”
“That may be putting it lightly.” Yusuke chimes in.
“Definitely.” Ren says, “But now that Yaldabaoth remembers, I bet he’s trying to prove his
point extra hard, by making us go through all of this again, only to fail at the last minute. It’s

an all-or-nothing gamble for the end of his game.”
“So he’s an idiot, then?” Futaba points out, brightening slightly, “We kicked his ass before,
and now he’s straight up asking us to kick his ass. He could just lock us out and win no
problem- maybe.” She adds, “But he’s letting us go for round two.”
“That’s not the problem.” Akechi spits, directing his ire at the floor, “This whole shitshow
means that even if we win, he’s still proven a point, because we had to dance to his stupid
tune the whole way to get there.”
Sumire’s expression tightens, looking more and more grim at this turn of events. No one else
seems much happier.
“So…” Makoto pinches the bridge of her nose, “We can’t ignore Yaldabaoth. Unfortunate,
but not the end of the world.”
“But it does mean we have to ensure we follow both Shido’s plans and Yaldabaoth’s game at
the same time.” Yusuke interjects, “Which may pose some troubles to balance.”
“By the looks of it, the end of November is when things need to start diverging majorly.”
Morgana announces.
Ren taps his fingers against the table, “Right. We need something to get Shido off our back,
and flashy enough to set us up for the infamy we need to get to Yaldabaoth.” He groans, “And
we need to get Niijima to let up, too, so I guess we’ll be actually changing her heart this
time.”
Not getting beat to shit by the police also means that there’s no opportunity to charm a
prosecutor into believing that magic is real. Win and lose some, Ren supposes.
Makoto’s brow furrows, “What do you mean actually change her heart this time?”
Ren waves a hand, “Our plan meant we needed her palace to stick around, at least for a bit.
We figured she was in her right mind enough to still help us if we just explained everything
to her.”
“Couldn’t we do that again?” Haru asks.
Ren blinks.
Oh. They“Yeah.” Ren concedes awkwardly, “Yeah, we could. We only had to actually go through it
last time because, uh,” He looks down at the floor and gestures vaguely in Akechi’s general
direction. He hears a derisive snort in response.
“That’d save us a lot of time.” Ann sighs with relief, “So we- what? Just sit her down and
explain everything?"
“...I guess so.” Makoto murmurs, an odd expression over her face.

“So that means we have a lot of extra space after we deal with Okumura…” Sumire muses,
“What can we do to replace something as big as Ren-senpai faking his death, though?”
“And it needs to be something that Shido would be cool with too, right?” Ryuji chimes in,
“Like, Renren dying would’ve been part of his big evil plans, and now we need to make sure
‘Kechi doesn’t get murdered in his sleep or whatever.”
Akechi makes a face, and shoots Ryuji a bemused glare. After a moment, he looks suddenly
thoughtful, “We could fake my death.”
Everyone turns to stare at him.
“What?” He snaps, “It would work. And be much easier to fake, too. We wouldn’t have to
contend with proving an anonymous death. If we made it look like it was the work of the
Phantom Thieves- to be disproved at a later date-” He adds, when he gets a couple of
affronted frowns, “It would fuel public frenzy. And it would certainly get Shido off my back.
It would practically be doing his work for him.”
“We’re faking a lot of deaths.” Futaba mutters.
“Only two.” Haru counters, as though that makes the task any better. “And I think I agree
with Goro-kun. Right now, the public certainly favours the Phantom Thieves more than the
detective prince, but after the supposed death of my father, that is sure to have a very quick
turnaround. Everyone will be outraged if Goro-kun is murdered. Supposedly.” She adds.
“It will make things more dangerous for us.” Ren mulls it over, “My death meant that
everyone thought that the Phantom Thieves were through.”
“There were still calls to hunt down the rest of you, though.” Sumire points out, “And once
we have Niijima-san on our side, she might be able to cover for us a little bit, right?”
“…Maybe.” Makoto concedes.
“And it’d only be a little while before we could prove our innocence, right?” Ann asks,
“Like- we become public enemy number one, let it stew for a bit, and then take down Shido.”
“And it’s not as though Okumura and I will actually be dead.” Akechi adds, “Once Shido
confesses his crimes, we could come out of the woodwork and testify that attempts were
made on our lives courtesy of the conspiracy, which is why we went into hiding.”
“Then we beat up god, and credits roll.” Futaba finishes with a sharp nod. “Easy-peasy.”
Sumire rolls her lips together, “What about Maruki, though?”
Ren clenches his jaw together nervously.
“Ah, yes.” Akechi deadpans, “Our second god.”
“Well, uh,” Morgana starts awkwardly, “If everything is… fine, this time, then Maruki just…
shouldn’t be an issue, right? Didn’t you guys say that we almost had him?”

“We did.” Akechi confirms curtly.
“Um, Ren-senpai, didn’t you say that Maruki only found out about the Metaverse because
you told him about it?” Sumire asks, and Ren tries not to wince at the direct phrasing, “So if
you just… don’t this time…”
“So Maruki may be a null issue entirely?” Yusuke pushes.
Ren tugs at his fringe, “…Maybe. It’s not like I’m going to be rushing to tell him all about
Mementos, this time around.” He’s more than content to leave the Councillor unfinished, as
well, “But… there’s something off with his palace.”
“Right…” Haru frowns.
“Wait wait wait,” Ann looks alarmed, “Hold on, does that mean Maruki might remember the
last timeline, too?”
Ren shakes his head, “Nothing he’s done makes me think that. He’d probably already be
messing with the Metaverse if he did.”
“His shadow remembers.” Akechi cuts in.
Sumire whirls around to give him a panicked look, “You didn’t mention that!”
Akechi grimaces, “Slipped my mind.”
“How does-” Makoto starts snippily, before shaking her head, “Nevermind. So we have to
prepare for Maruki as well.”
“If we’re skipping Big Sis Niijima’s palace, then why don’t we just get Doc Man out of the
way with all that extra time?” Futaba asks, shoving her glasses further up her face, “Y’know,
nip the problem in the bud before he gets a god complex.”
“He already has one of those.” Akechi snorts, “But we could do without the reality-bending
to back it up, yes. I should warn you all, though, it seems that he has complete control over
his god-like powers within his own palace.”
“Wait, but he doesn’t have those yet.” Ryuji protests, looking bewildered.
Akechi waves a hand, “Some cognition bullshit, no doubt.”
“He- or his shadow, rather- remembers having those abilities, so a space shaped by his own
cognition allows him to retain them.” Makoto deduces.
Akechi nods, “Exactly. They didn’t stop us, last time, but be warned that things may be more
difficult.”
“Well, that shouldn’t be a problem for us.” Morgana declares triumphantly.

“We won’t be able to get Okumura to die on live TV like last time…” Ren mutters to himself,
running the plan through his head.
“Perhaps not,” Haru picks up on his musings, “But I can find a way to keep him hidden, and
announce to the media that he died suddenly after receiving a calling card?”
“That seems sound.” Yusuke nods, “And I assume we can fake Akechi-kun’s death
similarly?”
“I don’t exactly have anyone to announce my death,” Akechi shakes his head, “But if I go
missing, and a vaguely threatening calling card is left in my apartment- well. I’m sure
people’s imaginations will run wild. I don’t doubt that Shido will be itching to jump on the
opportunity, as well. His influence should do the hard work for us, in both cases. He’ll likely
suspect I’m not actually dead, but there’s not much he can do if he doesn’t know where I
am.”
“Then we should get started right away.” Makoto declares, “We still need to traverse nearly
all of Okumura’s palace, and the public is starting to get restless.”
“You’ve heard it too?” Ann frowns, “People are getting really antsy.”
“Uh, cool initiative, or whatever,” Futaba pipes up, “But don’t you guys have exams in, like,
three days?”
Ren resists the urge to bang his head into the table. Ann and Ryuji groan loudly, while Haru,
Makoto, and Sumire each wear matching frowns.
“I had mine last week.” Yusuke explains, unhelpfully.
“That’s great, Yusuke.” Ren mumbles.
“Do exams really matter right now?” Ann pouts.
“As much as it pains me to waste time, the six of you having severe drops in academic
performance mere days before the Phantom Thieves make several large movements is going
to look awfully suspicious.” Akechi points out.
“Damnit…” Ryuji whines, defeated.
“We can get one palace trip in before exams.” Ren decides, “Just to get the lay of the land.”
“That sounds good to me.” Morgana says, ears flicking, “Hey, maybe we can get through a
huge chunk of it with three powerhouses on our side.”
Sumire brightens, “Maybe!”
Ryuji claps his hands together, “Sounds like we finally got it all figured out!”
“It’s not a particularly elegant plan.” Akechi drawls flatly, “But it will have to do.”

“Think it’ll work?” Ann asks nervously.
“We can only hope.” Ren murmurs.
(In Akechi’s mind, as he surveys the hopeful glances exchanged between the thieves, and
ignores the mop of black hair in the corner of his eye, the Judgement grows to rank six.)

***
Akechi, unsurprisingly, is the first to leave Leblanc as the meeting wraps up. Though,
perhaps bolt would be a more accurate descriptor for how he had crisply readjusted his
gloves and neatly descended the stairs in clicks and clacks, leaving Ren with a wealth of bad
decisions to choose from.
As seems to be his recent fashion, Ren picks the worst one.
“I’ll be right back.” He says to the room, quickly dashing in the direction of the stairs,
ignoring the bubbles of ‘huh?’ and one ‘are you sure that’s-’ from Sumire that gets cut off as
he slams the door to Leblanc behind him, sprinting down the street.
“Akechi!” He shouts, “Hey, wait a sec!”
Ren can see Akechi go very still, and then turn slowly to fix him with a blank stare.
Ren catches up, “I wanted to- uh-” He swallows, as Akechi’s expression doesn’t change, “We
should talk.”
“Really.”
Ren doesn’t bite through his tongue. He doesn’t bite through the inside of his cheek, either.
“Yes.” He says, summoning the confidence he usually reserves for the Metaverse.
Akechi doesn’t respond.
Ren takes a short breath, willing frustration to not take a hold of him before he can manage
the situation, “We can talk in the laundromat. I think I’m the only one that ever uses it, so it’ll
be empty.”
Ren turns on his heel without waiting for a confirmation, expecting he won’t get one. He
hopes that Akechi will at least be curious enough to follow him, if nothing else.
Ren tries not to let the cocktail of relief and triumph show on his face, as Akechi slowly leans
against the doorframe that marks the entrance to the laundromat, face just as blank as before.
“Hey.” Ren says, and immediately kicks himself.
It is hilarious, in hindsight, that he was afraid of speaking to Sumire. It had been nervewracking, sure, but comparatively, Ren now feels as though he’s on the verge of mental

collapse.
“Is there a reason for this.” Akechi states, not bothering to lift his voice into a question.
“Well, yeah, we should-” Ren quickly stutters, “Sort this out, I guess.”
“What’s there to sort out?” Akechi scoffs, “Allow me to be clear, Amamiya, I am working
with you exclusively because the alternative is either Yaldabaoth or Maruki having their
way.”
Alright. So that’s the angle. “Whatever the reason, we should be- amicable.” Ren insists.
“Amicable.” Akechi echoes.
“Yeah.” Ren shoots back, matching the deadpan, “No one will be happy if we get everyone
killed in the Metaverse.”
“I’d wager they won’t be feeling much of anything if they’re dead.”
Ren resists both the urge to groan, and the urge to grab Akechi by the shoulders and shake,
“You.” He starts, “Know what I mean.”
“Do I.” Akechi hums.
“Yes, yes you do.” Ren snaps, “You can be mad at me-”
Akechi barks a sharp laugh, “Oh, thank you, gracious leader, for giving me the privilege to be
furious-”
Ren does bite the inside of his mouth, this time. “That isn’t what I was trying to say.”
“Then enlighten me.” Akechi sneers.
(What the hell is he trying to say?
This conversation is a step up from being pinned to the floor with a sword to his neck. This
conversation is a step up from a lot of things, but still- the Justice remains unsteady, taking
several cracks at proving the ‘unbreakable oath’ monicker wrong.
Ren wantsRen knows exactly what he wants. What he doesn’t know is how to get it. He isn’t sure if it’s
even possible, anymore. Was it ever?)
There are a lot of things Ren could say.
Compromise was never really something he and Akechi were ever good at. Either their goals
aligned, or they didn’t, and it would be a race to see who would cross the finish line first.
Ren isn’t here to try and clear the air. Not at all! He never was. Not for the sake of the team,
at least.

Selfish. Stagnation. Metatron hisses, You cling to the past as strongly as ever.
Arsène shifts, not quite in disagreement. Satanael remains silent, as ever. Ren lets out a short
breath of laughter. What does it say about him that his personas are as unhappy with him as
everyone else is?
“No answer?” Akechi’s icy voice cuts through the haze, “Don’t waste my time again. I won’t
be getting everyone killed, if that’s what you’re so worried about. No promises for you,
though.” He hisses as he pushes off the doorframe.
“I don’t have your glove anymore.” Ren blurts, and Akechi stops walking.
To the past he’ll cling. (He doesn’t want to let go-)
“I- the- time travel.” Ren stutters out, “Objects don’t get carried through, I guess.”
“Obviously.” Akechi scoffs.
“Yeah.”
Neither of them move.
“You broke our promise. I’m not giving you another one.” Akechi says.
A small smile manages to make its way onto Ren’s face, “Think I can earn it back?”
Akechi turns and leaves without another word. Ren can’t tell if it feels like failure.
***
Sumire had been worried that she’d have to report a murder when Ren practically leapt out of
his chair to chase after Goro. She thinks that might have been an overreaction, when she sees
Ren come back, looking entirely unscathed. Though, by the relieved slumps of some of the
other thieves, she wasn’t the only one with concerns.
Following that, it doesn’t take long for all the non-Leblanc residents to slowly trickle out in
twos and threes. Sumire makes to stand at the same time Haru does, and they fall into step as
they wander the streets in the direction of Yongen station.
“That went well.” Sumire decides out loud.
Haru giggles slightly, “all things considered, I suppose. I was worried that there would be
more arguments.”
“Me too.” Sumire admits, “But I think everyone was more concerned about the situation
rather than each other.”
Haru hums in agreement, “I just hope that those problems don’t come up in the future.”
Sumire is almost certain that they will. “Yeah…” She says anyway.

Haru smiles, “I know it’s a bit naïve. I haven’t been the friendliest towards everyone, either.”
She sighs, “I’ve been a bit stressed.”
“I can imagine.” Sumire huffs, “How is… everything going, by the way?”
Haru lifts her shoulders in a half-shrug, “It’s… going.” She laughs, “I haven’t seen Sugimura
in person, but he did call my father in tears. I think that my father has been a bit distracted
trying to make sure that nothing reaches the press. Even if political and business marriages
are still commonplace enough, it’s not a good look for him if Sugimura confesses what kind
of person he is.”
“Maybe that will be helpful for his palace?” Sumire muses, “If he’s distracted, I mean.” She
frowns, “Or, it might make it worse.”
“I suppose we’ll find out.” Haru hums. She bites at her lip, “I’m… not as conflicted as I
thought I would be about changing my father’s heart.”
Sumire tentatively tilts her head in question, “Yeah?”
Haru frowns, “I- well. I don’t think Goro-kun is wrong, when he says that there really isn’t
much of a difference between killing someone and changing their heart. But I’m not sure if
he’s entirely right, either. The action just… feels different.”
Sumire has never been fully confident in her opinions about changing hearts. At first, her
thoughts had been put through a blend of what she believed Kasumi would feel- a mix of
opinionated musings about the state of society and several layers of irony about what it
means to be saved.
She supposes that there would have been a week in early January where she would have
welcomed the Phantom Thieves’ methods whole-heartedly, if only to make her forget.
Though, she hadn’t quite been conscious or coherent enough to reflect on it.
And now…
The key difference between the Phantom Thieves and Maruki, Sumire thinks, is that Maruki
is indiscriminate.
But, even still, what someone deserves is subjectiveSumire is going to give herself a headache if she keeps thinking about this. Which is
unfortunate, since it’s hardly unimportant.
“I’m honestly not sure how I feel about it.” Sumire admits, “I mean- Maruki was kind of
killing me, wasn’t he? But you’re right, it feels different.”
Haru looks to consider this, “You’re... right. But, even so,” she continues, “I- I didn’t kill
Sugimura. It didn’t feel like mercy, but still…” Her frown deepens, “I think… I did it for me,
far more than I did it for his benefit.”

A nice alternative, then. An easy solution to dust off their hands and claim no blood has ever
stained them.
But, Sumire corrects, that’s uncharitable.
A mental shutdown and a change of heart are both violent assaults on the mind, forcing a
shadow to change, to an end of crushing guilt or complete nonexistence. For Haru, the end
would have been the same in either case. The result she needed could have been achieved
through death as it would have been through a tearful confession. And yet, even with
vengeance on her mind, she chose to let him live.
Maybe Sumire is looking for an answer that doesn’t exist. She herself knows that the thought
of being an accomplice to murder scared her far more than helping change a heart. She didn’t
even bat an eye- it’s only when her thoughts drift to Maruki that the discomfort sets in.
Sumire nods slowly, “I understand.” Even if she can’t articulate it.
Haru’s lips tilt up, “Isn’t it a bit sad? I started out wishing that I could make my father
remember the man he used to be, to love me again.” She sighs, “I know a change of heart
won’t accomplish that. I think the good things about him died a long time ago. Maybe that’s
why it feels different.”
Mind or matter? Was Sumire truly, effectively, dead while under Maruki’s spell? Kasumi
certainly hadn’t been brought back to life, so what remained? A stilted puppet with a paintedon smile and a body it couldn’t understand?
Sumire doesn’t think she’s cut out for philosophy.
“I guess…” She mumbles, and can’t find an end to the sentence. She sighs, “In an ideal
world,” She grimaces at the phrasing, “None of this would be necessary.”
And isn’t that just the point? They don’t live in an ideal world. They can’t. But that doesn’t
mean they should sit back and do nothing, should injustice back them into a corner.
Goro had decided he would rather die, than have his mind altered beyond recognition. Sumire
had decided she would rather not exist at all, when Maruki first gave her the choice. She
hadn’t quite reached Goro’s level of self-sacrifice when she changed her mind, but she had
resolved she wouldn’t take her fate lying down.
Maybe the morality of the situation hardly matters.
“And yet, it is necessary.” Haru muses, lips dipping back into a frown, “I suppose there’s
nothing to be done. But I think it makes me feel better if it’s my own choice, rather than a
stepping stone to a larger goal.”
“It can be both.” Sumire points out.
Haru laughs, “I suppose it can.”
Life, as ever, comes served in opposites and extremes.

Chapter End Notes

biiiig planning chapter. But, well, you know what they say about the best-laid plansWhoops! The PT can't avoid airlock puzzles, unfortunately. tragic, I know. I'd be pissed
too. They can avoid gambling though.
Since it's been a while since i've said it, I thought I'd just throw out another broad "thank
you" for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks, etc- all the support gives me the warm
fuzzies hehehe <3 I really didn't expect so many people to enjoy this fic; I'm not kidding
when I say I started writing it because I thought the premise was hilarious (and angstybut what shuake fic isn't?), so I'm glad that so many of you agree <3
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! I was about to say no rank ups, but then I remembered that there was, in
fact, just the one. [nervous laughter] gee golly I hope I don't forget to keep this list up to
date in the future
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 7
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 1
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 2
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___

Ren: Can you at least not take my cat?
Goro: What? I'm not taking your cat at all. The only thing I'm getting out of this are two
ride-or-die teammates. You're getting the better deal
Ren: Okay yeah but I also really liked those teammates. And my cat looks ready to
abandon me every time you mention sushi
Goro: I mentioned it Offhandedly- I let you keep the rug, I let you keep the silverware, I
don't want your stuff! Keep your cat!
Ren: Well excuse me-

Chapter 57
Chapter Summary

getting the ball rolling, or, putting plans into action

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi hadn’t wanted to speak with Ren. In fact, the only way he convinced himself to not
make a scene out of showing up to the meeting was by resolving to ignore Ren’s presence
entirely.
Of course, that held relatively well until Ren decided to chase after him like he hadn’t fucked
up everythingBy the time Akechi manages to escape the situation, he’s fuming.
Going to check on the cognition of him that lives in the cruiser of Pride in times like these is
a bad habit he’s trying to kick, so he instead decides to fall back on his other bad habit, and
decides to take a spontaneous trip to Mementos.
He gives a token effort towards not putting himself in excessive danger. But, there’s only so
much he can do when (He wishes Ren would stop talking, stop existing in his line of sight,)
Mementos is generally a dangerous place, (He’s not giving Ren another fucking glove. Who
the hell does he think he is? What the hell did Ren even think it meant-?) after all, andAkechi thinks it might be time to call it, as his internal monologue starts taking on the
cadence of the most polished version of the detective prince.
Digging his sword out of the oozing remains of the last shadow he just vivisected, he sighs,
and starts stalking in the direction that Robin pings as the exit.
He only gets three steps before he hears the rumbling of an engine.
He presses his lips together, wondering whether wading through a conversation of cryptic
nonsense is something he can endure at this time. He eventually decides that if it becomes too
much, he can just leave. José will hardly be offended.
He gives the Star a strum, and hears the screeching of tires in the near distance.
“Oh, Mister!” Comes José’s telltale greeting, his car skidding to a stop, “I thought you might
have been here.”

“Hello, José.” Akechi greets in turn, “I take you aren’t busy?”
“I’m always busy!” José counters cheerfully, “But that also means I can take breaks
whenever I want!”
“How convenient.”
“Sure is!” José nods brightly, “So, did you need something, Mister? Any more personas to
fuse?”
“No, not as of yet.” Akechi shakes his head, “Though your last fusion was rather helpful,
thank you.”
“Glad to hear it!” José smiles, “So what did you need, then?”
“Call it curiosity.” Akechi takes a seat on the train tracks, expecting this conversation to take
a while, as his conversations with José tend to do, “You’ve mentioned fate, in the past.”
José plonks down opposite him, crossing his legs, “Yep! I described it best I could. Did you
not understand it, Mister?”
“No, I understood it plenty.” Akechi sighs, “I suppose I’m simply questioning the validity of
your claims.”
What use is a system of fate, after all, that boils down to the ‘consequences of actions’ when
there are certain actions they must take, all the same? It can hardly be called their decision, if
the alternative is certain death or the end of the world.
José frowns, like he’s never been told he’s wrong before, “What do you mean?”
“How much do you know about the thing at the bottom of Mementos?” Akechi asks, leaning
forward.
José opens his mouth, looking as though he’s about to confidently respond, before he pauses.
He closes his mouth, and looks perplexed, “The… thing at the bottom of Mementos?
There’s… there is something- I think? But…”
Great. Akechi sighs, “Nevermind.”
“No, no,” José shakes his head quickly, “No I know what you’re talking about.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “And?”
“And?”
“Are you going to elaborate?” Akechi asks, slowly.
“I can’t.” José says.
Okay then.

Akechi is starting to feel a headache coming on.
“Well, if you know what I’m talking about,” He sighs, “Then are you also aware of the…
predicament that we find ourselves in?”
“To do with fate?” José clarifies, and Akechi nods. “Hmm… oh! You’re talking about how
time folded.”
“Yes.” Akechi grits out.
José laughs, “Well, that person definitely isn’t wrong about this, Mister. I told you:
sometimes things want to happen, and I don’t think you’ve gone far back enough to convince
reality otherwise.”
Akechi, begrudgingly, can concede that point.
In all likelihood, that person, whoever the hell they may be, only cares about avoiding the
end of the world. A simple fix, really- the plights of the mortals that must carry out their
work entirely unimportant in the grand scheme of things.
Akechi could probably die again, and things would turn out fine. He’s sure Sumire would
give Ren a good go of it, should he dare try and take Maruki’s deal again. Not that that
should be a problem at all, this time.
But“And besides,” José speaks again, “Things have changed, haven’t they? I never talked with
you at all, before!”
Akechi snorts, “Not to sound rude, but I don’t believe that truly matters much, in the bigger
picture.”
José tilts his head, “Does anything?”
Akechi scoffs, thinking of blood and vengeance and broken promises, “Of course it does.”
“Well, maybe the world ending is bad.” José nods to himself, “But the world will end
someday. Everything does. What difference does it make if it happens in three months or
three millennia?”
For once, he sounds like he’s genuinely asking.
Akechi thinks of darts, and gloves, and coffee.
None of it mattered. Not at all, and yet,
“Maybe,” He swallows, “Maybe it does change things, a bit.”
José grins, bright and wide, “I think so too, Mister!”

The Star grows to its eighth rank.
***
Akechi, disturbingly, finds that the number of things he can handle in one day has reduced
dramatically.
This to say, that he should, theoretically, be grateful that Sakamoto decided to wait until the
day after their grand planning session to ambush him spontaneously on the street- and yet,
even more disturbingly, a day doesn’t seem to have been enough.
But, alas.
“What the fuck do you want?” Akechi hisses, at least glad for the fact that he can verbally
bite Sakamoto’s head off with minimal consequences.
Sakamoto quickly pulls his hands away, raising them in surrender. “What the eff is your
problem?!” He hisses back.
“You’re the one that dragged me off the street.” Akechi grits out.
Sakamoto rolls his eyes, gesturing to the bustle of Central street just a few metres away.
“Relax, dude. You’re makin’ it sound like I kidnapped you or something.”
“Is that not what this is?” Akechi says dryly.
“No!”
“Then what.”
Sakamoto throws up his hands, “I’m tryin’ ta figure you out, man.”
“And you decided that now, the mid-afternoon, in broad daylight, was the best time for that.”
Akechi sneers.
Sakamoto shoots him a glare, “You’re really trying to make this sound weird, huh?”
“I’m trying to make you leave.” Akechi says with the utmost honesty.
“Oh. At least you’re up-front about it?” Sakamoto blinks out of his anger, looking mildly
confused.
This is quickly spiralling out of hand.
“Uh, anyways,” Sakamoto continues before Akechi can muster up his best insult to regain
control, “Dude- ugh.” He slaps his hands over his face, “I dunno where I was going with
this.”
“So you’ve decided to waste time for the both of us.” Akechi says flatly.

“Gimme a minute!” Sakamoto protests, puffing his cheeks out and kicking at the ground.
After a few seconds of deliberation, he crosses his arms, “We’re gettin’ ramen.”
Akechi blinks. “No.”
“Whadd’ya mean ‘no’?!”
Akechi pastes on his best interview smile, “Surely you understand the delicate position we
find ourselves in, no? What questions might be raised if I am spotted hanging out with some
no-name delinquent?”
Sakamoto scowls, “Well aren’t you high and mighty.” He mutters to himself, before taking a
deep breath, “Sounds like bullshit to me, dude. You weren’t so worried about your shitty dad
asking questions when you let Ann drag you to crêpes-”
“Do not call him my father.” Akechi snaps.
Sakamoto grimaces, “Yep. Sorry. I get it.” He sighs, “You weren’t so worried about your
shitty boss when you hung out with Ann or Yusuke- and how many times did you hang out
with Ren?”
Akechi is running out of excuses. “Why do you even want to spend time with me?”
“I just said that I’m tryin’ to figure you out.” Sakamoto groans, “Right now, you kinda just
seem like an asshole.”
“My, how perceptive.” Akechi drawls.
Sakamoto gives him a look, “What? Not gonna deny it?”
“What would be the point?” Akechi asks, “You know my occupation; whether or not you see
me as pleasant to be around can hardly change that.”
Sakamoto chews on his lip, “I dunno.” He tilts his head, “Were we buddies last time?”
“What do you think.”
“I don’t know, that’s why I’m askin’!”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I distinctly remember you antagonising me at every opportunity.”
“Are you sure you weren’t the one pissin’ me off?” Sakamoto grumbles, which Akechi
supposes is a reasonable question.
“Fairly sure.” Akechi says, smearing the dregs of his princely flair over his expression, “So I
doubt that a small change in circumstance will magically allow us to click.”
Sakamoto digs the palms of his hands into his eyes, “You are such a pain in the ass to talk
to.” He mutters.

“By design, I assure you.” Akechi turns on his heel, “Are we done here?”
Sakamoto waves a hand, before shoving them in his pockets with an overexaggerated slouch,
“Yeah, I guess.”
Akechi snorts, “See you later.”
Sakamoto mumbles something that Akechi doesn’t quite catch, and he feels the Chariot grow
to rank two.
He raises an eyebrow to himself, mildly surprised that it did. The universe must get a real
kick out of being inconsistent, he thinks.
***
Futaba kicks her feet back and forth, tapping vaguely at nothing on her laptop, occasionally
sending glances to Ren in the kitchen.
“Curry done yet?” She asks, scraping her boots against the bar, taking advantage of the fact
that Sojiro isn’t here to tell her off.
“Nope.” Ren says, not looking up from stirring.
Futaba blows a raspberry, expressing her moderate displeasure the best way she knows how,
turning back to poke at her keyboard.
She lets her thoughts drift, slowly pulling out her phone. She opens her contacts, and slowly
scrolls until she reaches Akechi’s.
She should really suck it up and get it over with.
She should!
But…
She can’t tell if putting it off is stressing her out more or less than the idea of having to talk to
Akechi tomorrow. Maybe it wouldn’t even be tomorrow, she reminds herself. She doesn’t
have the guy’s schedule.
Inari wasn’t helpful, though Futaba supposes it’s uncharitable to condemn him for not having
all the answers to her problems. Ren isn’t going to be helpful, that’s for sure. He didn’t get
murdered after he chased after Akechi yesterday, but he still came back looking like some
cross between a wet cat and an overeager puppy, so.
Maybe she’s wrong! Maybe, Akechi never even met her mom. Maybe, her mom just
experimented on some random kids that she never has to think about ever again, and Akechi
was fine killing her mom because she was just some name on a page.
It doesn’t make her feel better. Actually, it makes her feel a lot worse.

But the alternative makes her feel worse, too.
She really can’t win, can she?
Maybe she should try for round she-hasn’t-kept-count for trying to dig up her mom’s
research“By the way,” Ren speaks up, spooning some curry onto a plate, “I was thinking of heading
to Okumura’s palace tomorrow.”
“Good!” Morgana chimes in from one of the booths, “The sooner we get it done the better.
And we need to figure out how Yoshizawa and Haru fit into the team, too.”
“Akechi as well.” Ren hums, “He’s got- did we go over it?” He frowns, “Well, you’ll see
tomorrow, I guess.”
Futaba rolls her eyes. Does Ren even notice how ominous he sounds, sometimes?
So she does have to see Akechi tomorrow. But palace-crawling means no time for
conversation.
She can’t tell if she’s disappointed or not.
***
Things are… awkward.
Better awkward than tense, Sumire reminds herself. Though it doesn’t do much to soften the
sheer discomfort of inspecting her nails for the fifth time in one minute to avoid eye-contact
as the remainder of the thieves trickle in.
Goro, as expected, arrives last. Ren coughs into his fist, and pulls out his phone.
“We ready?” He asks the group, to a round of nods.
The world shifts, and Sumire turns to find the view of Okumura’s spaceport palace greeting
her, memory of its structure foggy from her only visit to it months ago.
She’s halfway through falling back into the rhythm of palace traversal, ready to receive
orders and stick with the group, before she’s interrupted.
“Uh, what the hell?” Skull asks bluntly, pointing at Crow.
“What.” Crow scowls under his maskOh. Sumire sees the problem.
She giggles behind her hand, laughing harder when Crow shoots her a withering glare.
“Is this what you were ominously yapping about yesterday?” Oracle turns to Joker,
thwacking his arm.

Joker blinks, “What? Oh. Yeah. Well-” He tilts his head, “Sort of. Not really.” He grins,
“You’ll see in a bit.”
Crow scoffs.
Sumire sees Fox framing Crow with his hands, taking the new outfit in. “It is certainly a wild
divergence from your precious aesthetic.”
“No kidding…” Panther mutters, pulling at the tattered cape before Crow slaps her hands
away, “There’s a lot of belts.”
“It’s not like I designed it.” Crow hisses.
“I’m… surprised that it’s even possible to have more than one.” Mona muses, “I guess this
solves the ‘Black Mask’ thing, though.”
“Oh, yeah…” Skull drawls out, “I didn’t really think about it. Woulda been kinda weird if all
those shadows were calling you the Black Mask while your mask was red.”
“I had wondered about that…” Queen hums, narrowing her eyes.
Crow waves a hand, “Now that you’re all done staring, can we get a move on?”
“Sure,” Joker shoves his hands in his pockets, straightening up, “How about… Crow, Violet,
and…” He frowns, looking between Noir and the rest of the thieves.
Noir smiles, and shakes her head, “If we’re learning to work together, it might be best to have
a team that isn’t entirely used to one another.” She points out, “I don’t mind being in reserves,
for now.”
Joker nods, seemingly satisfied with this, “Then how about… Queen?”
Queen nods, threading her hands together, “Works for me.”
Joker readjusts his mask, “Great. Oracle, can you get us to the first saferoom?”
“Yep! Just gimme a sec.” Oracle crows, pulling up an interface that Sumire can’t begin to
comprehend, “Almost…”
There’s a flash of red, and a beep, and Oracle frowns.
Joker mirrors her expression, “What’s up?”
“Uh, something’s up with the nav?” She taps at the interface again, more fiercely, this time,
as though that will solve the problem, “It’s saying that the saferoom we went to doesn’t exist.
Or, it’s in a different spot?”
Mona sniffs the air, “Something… does seem different?”
“Looks the same to me.” Panther chimes in, Skull nodding along.

Crow leans over to take a look at Oracle’s mess of scans and data, lips pressing into a scowl
as he takes it in. “Robin can tell something’s off, too. I think I know what this is.”
“Care to enlighten us?” Queen says, a touch derisive.
Crow rolls his eyes, “My pleasure.” He folds his arms, “I’ve seen this happen once or twicepalaces aren’t entirely static, as I’m sure you’ve all seen. Safe rooms only exist because of an
oversight in the ruler’s cognition; so, if that oversight were to be covered up…”
“Then the safe room would disappear, too.” Oracle finishes with a heavy sigh.
Fox frowns, “Does that mean that we are without safe rooms for the entire palace? Is this
simply something we will have to contend with, as rulers’ cognitions become more
ironclad?”
Sumire shakes her head, “No, Maruki’s palace had plenty of safe rooms. And his cognition
was pretty, well. Tight.”
“I think it’s only the first safe room we reached.” Oracle pipes up, “It’s the only one we
mapped out, anyhow. And I don’t think it’s gone, either. Just moved- like, geographically.”
“So the palace topography has changed…” Queen muses.
Joker presses his lips together, “That didn’t happen, last time.”
“I would assume that my father is taking my ex-fiancé’s change of heart rather poorly.” Noir
says, “Would that be enough to cause something like this?”
“Probably.” Panther says, tugging awkwardly on one of her pigtails, “I mean, it didn’t take a
lot to change Madarame’s cognition, when we had to.”
“That was just opening a door, though.” Mona points out, “And we kind of already did that in
this palace, too.” He gestures to Crow.
“It’s probably still what you said, Noir.” Joker nods towards her, “This would be a pretty big
thing for him.”
“Does it even matter?” Skull cuts in, “Point is, we gotta start over again.”
“Eloquently put.” Crow drawls sarcastically, “Shall we begin?”
“Yeah, yeah.” Joker waves a hand, and Sumire starts, ready to be back in the standard
fighting formation after all this time, “Let’s see how this goes.”
***
Ren feels he is prepared.
Even if Okumura’s mind has decided to throw a wrench in the works, it shouldn’t be too
ridiculous. They managed to tear through the CEO’s palace fairly quickly last time, and they

didn’t know what to expect then, either.
So they may need to run around for a while; confused, as palaces tend to make them. But,
they’re also far more powerful than last time- those of them that remember the year prior, at
least.
All this rationalising to say that Ren feels he has no cause for concern.
This feeling is dashed rather quickly.
“Uh, what the hell?” Futaba’s voice rings in his ear as the frontline team descends the first
elevator into the hallways of the spaceport.
What the hell, indeed.
Ren blinks, as what should have been a generic hallway painted with a repressed sci-fi
obsession is insteadInstead…
He can’t quite make it out.
Ren squints furiously at fractals and an undulating miasma of- something, to no avail. The
elevator is intact, but everything beyond it is… out of place. Non-existent.
“Uh…” Sumire gapes at the sight before them.
Ren is starting to understand how their safe room may have been displaced.
Makoto audibly swallows, “Well.”
“I wouldn’t walk into that, if I were you.” Akechi says blandly.
No one seems to have anything to say to that, as they stare into the half-void that used to be
their only entrance into the larger palace.
“So…” Futaba eventually says, “I… think I know what’s up?”
“Yes?” Sumire tentatively prompts.
“So, obviously this is why our safe room is out of whack.” Futaba starts, “The gap in the
distortion is still there, but there’s no substance within the cognitive space for it to project
onto.”
“No substance at all?” Makoto clarifies, sounding incredulous.
“Nada.” Futaba confirms with a sigh, “You guys might want to hop back up here- not like
you can go any further, anyway.”
“Right.” Ren presses his lips together, and pulls the lever for the elevator, folding his arms as
it ascends.

“Well, that was anticlimactic.” Ryuji grumbles.
Ann sighs, “So much for making progress before exams…”
“Can we make progress at all?” Yusuke asks, concerned.
Haru turns to Akechi, “Have you ever encountered something like this before?”
“Like this?” Akechi gestures towards the elevator, “Nothing to this extent. Sometimes
cognitions and palaces change, but to dissolve?”
“Oh!” Sumire blinks, “Then- isn’t this a good thing? Does this mean the palace is
disappearing?”
“I wouldn’t count on it.” Futaba interjects, lips set in a frown, “It’s not disappearing- it’s
more like it’s in stasis.”
“As in, the palace is in the middle of changing shape?” Makoto deduces.
“Yup.” Futaba nods, “Probably. Seems like Mr. CEO can’t decide what to think about
something.”
Ren hums quietly, and takes a step towards the massive window that makes up the wall at the
opposite end of the lobby. The view looks out across the rest of the palace, Ren remembers;
now, however, his eyes slide, unseeing, over chunks of what used to be present- a filter of
static and swirling something.
“I suppose this means my father is even more affected by recent events than we initially
thought.” Haru purses her lips together.
“Wait, wait, seriously,” Ryuji waves his hands, “Like- are we screwed?”
“No?” Futaba says, not as confident as Ren would have hoped, “Like I said- seems like
Okumura is unsure about something. It’s changing, so we just need to,” She sighs, “Wait it
out, I guess.”
“I suppose it’s convenient that we have exams to keep us occupied, then.” Makoto sighs.
“I guess we can only hope things’ll be settled by the time you guys are done.” Morgana
chimes in, tail flicking back and forth.
Ren takes one last look at the view he can’t quite perceive, and turns, slapping his hands over
his face, “I hope that this change in cognition means that the airlock puzzles are gone. I hated
those.”
“You did terribly at them.” Akechi adds snidely, a little too venomous for something Ren
used to consider part of their par-for-the-course banter. “It was pathetic. You all looked like a
bunch of headless chickens getting hurtled through space.”

Ren takes his chances, and sends him a small smile, “Hey, it’s not like you had to do them.
You just followed us after, right?”
Akechi sneers at him, and turns to the rest of the group, not deigning Ren with a response,
“There isn’t much point to sticking around, now.” He strides over to the entrance of the
lobby, “Good luck on your exams.”
“Thanks!” Ann says with a cheerful wave, either oblivious to or pointedly ignoring the
sarcasm in Akechi’s voice. Ren figures it’s probably the latter.
Ren lets his shoulders slump, and sends a frustrated look towards the elevator leading to the
hallway of nothing.
He really hopes that this isn’t going to be indicative of how smoothly the rest of their plan is
going to go.
***
Akechi had woken up this morning to several unwanted notifications that all boiled down to
certain members of the thieves complaining about their exams, followed by lectures and
taunts- all of which he decided to mute. If the thieves need him, they can wait.
Apparently they can’t wait very long.
“Akechi-kun.” Kitagawa calls after him, the moment he makes it to the other side of Shibuya
crossing.
“Do you people stalk Central street, waiting for me to appear?” Akechi grits out, resigning
himself to the situation at hand.
“No, of course not.” Kitagawa says serenely, “This is merely a convenient coincidence.”
Akechi hums blandly.
Kitagawa seems thoroughly unperturbed by his demeanour, “Perhaps you could join me for
lunch?” He gestures further down the street.
“It’s four in the afternoon.”
“Dinner, then.” Kitagawa amends.
Akechi sighs, “A bit early, don’t you think?”
He should put up a better fight against this.
But- he isn’t in nearly as bad a mood as he was when Sakamoto cornered him. Maybe he can
just let this happen. Perhaps Kitagawa will stop pestering him if he gets it out of his system.
“Not at all.” Kitagawa insists, “I’ve been wanting to have a conversation with you, either
way.”

“You mentioned that, yes.” Akechi drawls. “I can hardly see why. Our plans have been madewe needn’t interact with each other outside of professional circumstances.”
“Did we not spend any time together in the last timeline? Kitagawa asks, frowning.
“No.” Akechi answers truthfully, “Even during palace infiltrations and trips to Mementos, we
hardly spoke at all.”
“I see…” Kitagawa tilts his head, “That is unfortunate. I would presume that as I wish to
speak with you, the other me would have as well.”
“Is that so.” Akechi intones flatly.
“Of course.” Kitagawa nods, a little too earnest, “I believe we have much in common.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Are you serious?”
“Extremely.” Kitagawa nods confidently.
Akechi scoffs, “Do you have a body count you’ve neglected to mention?”
Kitagawa frowns, “Why do you believe that is your only defining feature?”
Akechi regrets letting Kitagawa ‘get it out of his system’.
“I would presume,” Akechi begins slowly, “That it is something that would take precedent
within one’s mind, when considering me. I did not interact with you, nor any of the other
thieves-” except Ren, and occasionally, Sumire, “-In January for this precise reason.”
“Then we have a fresh start.” Kitagawa refutes simply, “I can assuredly say that your body
count, as you put it, is not the only thing I think of when I think of you.”
Akechi sighs, “What, then?”
Kitagawa takes a moment, “Well…” He frowns, “When Ren and Yoshizawa-san explained
the situation to us, they mentioned your connection to Shido.”
Akechi doesn’t like where this is going. “I had assumed they would.”
“You know my history with Madarame, yes?” Kitagawa asks, “He was not my biological
father, but I did see him as one, given that he raised me. I do not know your exact relationship
with Shido, but-”
“Let me stop you there.” Akechi snaps, “We have nothing in common.”
Kitagawa looks taken aback, “I disagree-”
“Well, I don’t.” Akechi stiffly readjusts his gloves, “Our situations are entirely different. I do
not wish to suffer through a conversation where you draw distant connections by way of
vague association.”

Kitagawa narrows his eyes, “I hardly think that the connections are unfounded. If you don’t
wish to speak with me, then simply say so.”
“Fine.” Akechi folds his arms, lips pulling into a sharp scowl, “We’re done here. Don’t
contact me again unless it’s relevant to the task at hand.”
“Wait,” Kitagawa’s eyes widen, and he takes a step forward.
Akechi ignores him, turning on his heel to stride back towards the station. He thinks that the
thieves have gotten a little too friendly, without several attempted murders to build a wall.
Maybe he should take another shot at putting Ren six feet under so that they’ll get a clue.
The thought becomes ever more appealing as the Hanged Man grows to rank three.
Akechi wonders if he’ll be able to catch a break between now and December.
UNLIKELY.
Seconded.
Wonderful.
***
The first day of exams come and go, and Sumire finds herself infinitely relieved that they
weren’t as punishing as she remembers them being last time. This, of course, is likely due to
the fact that she remembers the exams, but she pats herself on the back, nonetheless.
She doesn’t have practice this week, so she finds herself with some free time after school.
Free time that, if she were a more diligent student, she would use to study some more.
However, upon the realisation that she doesn’t have to avoid Leblanc anymore, Sumire
decides to take a detour to Yongen.
Ren isn’t there when she arrives. Sumire guesses that he’s either out with a friend or living
the aforementioned ‘diligent student’ life. That’s fine- she hadn’t come here to see Ren,
anyway.
She takes a seat at the bar, and orders some curry. It doesn’t take long for Sojiro to place a
plate down in front of her, and she quickly digs in.
She frowns slightly as Sojiro awkwardly lingers.
“You,” Sojiro coughs, “You’re friends with the kid, yeah?”
“Oh,” Sumire blinks, “Um, yes.”
“Gotcha.” Sojiro grunts, and moves back towards the kitchen, stirring the curry on the stove,
“I’ve seen you come by once or twice with the whole group of ‘em, so I figured.”

Sumire chews on the inside of her cheek, as she isn’t sure if Sojiro is aware of the Phantom
Thieves situation- specifically the one living in his attic, and the other living in his house. She
supposes she’ll assume ‘No’ just to be safe.
“I sort of joined their group recently.” She admits, “My friends and Ren-senpai’s friends- we
sort of merged?”
Sojiro gives an amused huff, “You make it sound like a business deal.”
Not inaccurate, Sumire thinks. She laughs, “Well, it did take a long time.”
“I could tell.” Sojiro says, putting a lid on the curry pot, “You’ve stopped by a couple times
before.”
Sumire gets thrown a little off-balance, “Oh- I’m surprised you remember.”
Sojiro gestures vaguely, “This place doesn’t get a lot of customers. You tend to remember
when someone stops by more than once.”
Sumire gives a small smile, “I guess so.”
“Yeah.” Sojiro hums, “…Those kids treatin’ you alright?”
Sumire stutters, “Uh.” She laughs awkwardly, “Huh?”
“Now, I know Ren and his friends are good kids,” Sojiro says gruffly, jabbing a wooden
spoon in the air pointedly, “But I also know that kids can be stupid. So if they’re not being
friendly with you, I can give them a talking to, see if we can’t sort something out.”
“What-” Sumire swallows, “What makes you think that we aren’t… getting along?”
“When you and everyone stopped by a few days ago, you all looked pretty damn miserable.”
Sojiro starts, “And you nearly sent me into a panic when you said Ren and the detective kid
were missing.” He frowns, “Ren came back- did the other guy show up?”
Sumire quickly nods, “Yes- he’s fine!”
“That’s- good.” Sojiro coughs, wiping at his nose, “Anyway, that seemed like a whole mess.
The time before that, everyone seemed to be looking for an excuse to get rid of you.”
Oh, Sumire remembers that- during Futaba’s palace. She isn’t sure if they had started
suspecting her, at that point; but either way, they could hardly have invited her along for a
palace infiltration.
“Oh, no-” She rushes to find an excuse, “Um, we, well- we didn’t get along then,” She settles
for a half-truth, “But, it’s all fine now!”
“Good to hear.” Sojiro frowns, looking a bit sceptical, “…Do you and Futaba get along?
You’re the same age, right?”

Had she been asked this question two weeks ago; Sumire would have confidently replied in
the affirmative. Now, however, she isn’t quite so sure. “I… hope so?” She answers honestly.
Sojiro looks a bit confused, “…You hope so?”
“Well, some things have changed. When we, um, merged.” It really does sound like a
business deal, doesn’t it? “But we got along before!”
“Huh.” Sojiro hums, “Sounds complicated.”
“Yep.” Sumire says with a pop, chuckling sheepishly, “Just a bit.”
“…You kids aren’t getting into any trouble, are you?” Sojiro narrows his eyes, “I swear
friendships didn’t used to be this much of a mess to figure out.”
“Really?” Sumire tilts her head.
“Well, now that I think about it, probably not.” Sojiro huffs a laugh, “I guess it sounds
different once you’re on the other side.” He pauses, “That detective isn’t hanging around
because there’s something going on, is there?”
Sumire shakes her head, “Oh, no- Me, him, and Haru-senpai were friends before all this, and
then Goro started hanging out with Ren-senpai and everyone else.”
“Ah, so there’s a timeline to this.” Sojiro says with a wry smile, “Well, he’ll be good
influence, or something. Ren's one hell of a troublemaker, and Futaba isn’t much better.”
Sumire stifles her giggles behind her hand, “Oh, no, Goro’s the biggest troublemaker of us
all.”
Sojiro snorts, “Is that right? Does that make you the damage control?”
“Sometimes.” Sumire admits with a grimace.
“Maybe you’re the good influence. Or the Niijima girl.” Sojiro muses, “Well, if everything is
going fine, as you say, I’ll stop worrying.”
Sumire nods firmly, “It really is okay, Sakura-san.”
“Call me Boss.” Sojiro corrects with a wave of his hand, and Sumire laughs in affirmation.
The bell above Leblanc’s entrance rings violently as the door is slammed open, “Sojiro!”
Futaba shouts, “I hunger!”
Sojiro sighs, “Try not to scare our customers, would you?”
Futaba blows a raspberry, “What customers?” She pauses, “Oh, uh, Sumire. Hi.”
Sumire gives a small wave, “Hello.”

Futaba bites at her lip for a beat, before she pastes her big grin back on, “What customers,
Sojiro? Everyone knows that you never make Ren and his friends pay for food.”
Sojiro grunts something under his breath, before sighing “You lot are running my business
into the ground.”
“Oh, I can pay-” Sumire quickly speaks up.
Sojiro shakes his head, “On the house.”
“Predictable.” Futaba says in a stage whisper.
“I should start charging the artist.” Sojiro huffs, “He’s in here for seconds and thirds every
other day.”
“Don’t, Inari can’t afford it.” Futaba cackles. She freezes, as she looks between the booths
and the stools by the bar, before slowly sidling up next to Sumire, and taking a seat next to
her.
Sojiro stares pointedly down at the pot as he stirs, “Curry for dinner, Futaba?”
“Yep.” She says, a bit squeakier than usual as she taps her fingers against the bar, “Do I ever
have anything else?”
“You need a better diet.” Sojiro frowns.
Futaba grins, “Curry has everything I need, though!”
“Because I’ve been cramming as many veggies in as I can.” Sojiro says as he spoons some of
the curry onto a plate of rice.
“You’re ruining the formula.” Futaba says, quickly grabbing at her cutlery as Sojiro places
the plate down.
“The formula always had room for adjustments.” Sojiro says, looking mildly affronted. He
jerks his head towards the kitchen, “I’m going to start cleaning. Shout if you need
something.”
“Thank you, Sa- Boss.” Sumire quickly corrects herself.
“No problem.” Sojiro says gruffly as he shuffles off.
Futaba pokes at her curry as Sojiro disappears around the corner, “So…” She drawls out,
“Didja need something?”
Sumire shakes her head, “No- well.” She pauses, “Curry, I guess?”
Futaba snickers, “Everyone needs this curry.”
Sumire smiles, “I agree.”

“Yeah.” Futaba mumbles, her legs swinging back and forth, bouncing against the wooden
panels of the bar.
Sumire doesn’t know where to go from here.
She wasn’t- close, with Futaba, this time or last. She wasn’t close with anybody, really- only
Ren, and Maruki, and Kasumi, and she always feels a little ill when she runs the list through
her head; all the resolve in the world, and the memories will always feel a little too fresh.
(Why is it so hard to just-)
She had aways felt closer to Futaba, though. The distance now is manufactured, born of a
misunderstanding and rushed panic,
And, perhaps, the company she keeps.
Sumire doesn’t like to choose. Not because she can’t decide, but rather that she knows
exactly what she’ll pick, and dreads the consequences anyway.
“Um…” Sumire tries to think of something to pick up the conversation.
“Mm. Nope. I don’t think this is working.” Futaba interrupts her, staring down at her food.
She gives a breathless laugh that sounds halfway to a weary sigh, “I thought this would be
super easy. If I can’t even talk to you, then…”
“I’m sorry.” Sumire blurts, “I can leave, if…”
Futaba stiffly shakes her head, eyes still fixed straight down, “No. S’kay.”
Sumire suddenly feels like the burden of fixing this is on her; which is terrible, because she’s
frankly awful at things like this. She thinks dumb luck has been her only saving grace in the
past.
“Do-” She stutters, “Did you see the new Featherman episode, the other day?”
Futaba’s head whips up, her eyes wide, “You watch Featherman?”
Sumire hasn’t seen an episode of Featherman in years.
“No…” Sumire confesses, coming to the conclusion that any ruse she might try to build
would be revealed pretty quickly. “But, um, I remember that you like it.”
Futaba frowns, “How did-? Oh, right.” She puffs out her cheeks, “It’s gonna be real weird,
having you three just know things.”
“It’s weird on this end, too.” Sumire says with a small laugh.
Futaba snorts, “I bet.” She shovels some curry into her mouth, her previous apprehension
apparently dashed to the winds with the distraction. She gasps, “Wait, you’re from the
future,” Sumire sends an alarmed look towards the kitchen, and Futaba waves a hand, “He’s

not listening. He’ll only come running if it sounds like someone is dying. You’re from the
future, does that mean you know how this season ends?”
“I don’t watch Featherman.” Sumire reminds her.
Futaba clicks her tongue, “Rookie mistake. You should be profiting somehow off of this
mess, and getting mad street cred by guessing every plot point in the coming episodes seems
like a great time.” She blinks, “Did you memorise the lotto numbers?”
“No.” Sumire manages to get out, a bit overwhelmed.
“Boo.” Futaba inhales some more of her dinner, “Did past-me not prepare you for this
situation?”
“No-” Sumire says, “Um, should you have?”
Futaba gestures broadly, “You’ve gotta be prepared.”
Sumire supposes she can’t disagree, when she actually did time travel.
“It’s like being prepared for the apocalypse.” Futaba continues, “Sure, it’s unlikely, but,” She
points at Sumire, “Y’know.”
“I do.” Sumire sighs. She decides to play along, “So- I should be prepared for this to happen
again?”
Futaba makes a face, “Boy, I sure hope not.” She cracks her knuckles, “But hey, why not?
Actually there was this episode in Featherman- you should watch it, by the way- where Red
was stuck in a time loop, and-”
Sumire nods along, attention rapt, and thinks: maybe she isn’t so bad at this, after all.

Chapter End Notes

[hacks up a lung] hey what's up
the "hacking up a lung" thing isn't a joke, unfortunately. Well, it IS an exagerration, but I
am sick. just a cold, but it's gross and icky and ughhhhhh- i'll stop complaining
HAHAHA
also! I'm really sorry to any non-ao3-account-people that follow this fic and wanted to
comment, but due to a, uh, incident? I've turned off guest commenting for the time
being- I might bring it back after a bit! but don't hold your breath (sorry again!)
Socials!
Tumblr

Instagram
Cara
Confidants! [wipes a tear] I never thought I'd see the day... Ryuji is out of rank 1 hell.
...Sae is still at rank 6 though HAHAHA
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 3
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: Anyway, so THEN we get to the spinoff games- featherman seeker is a real
highlight
Sumire: Oh! What's it about?
Futaba: It's about this guy called grey pidgeon who gets experimented on by this
scientist who he think is his friend but then it turns out she's super not his friend, and it
the end of the game grey pidgeon does this really dramatic sacrifice for the featherman
and- hey wait a fucking second-

Chapter 58
Chapter Summary

progress, or lack thereof.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Yusuke is unsure where he went wrong when he spoke to Akechi the day prior.
No- that is somewhat inaccurate. He knows that Akechi was insulted by the insinuation that
the two of them may hold some similarities, especially regarding their not-quite-fathers; but
he isn’t quite sure how to fix it.
Yusuke had been quite interested in discussing that, specifically- he isn’t well-versed enough
in the art of holding a conversation that dances around the subject by speaking in only
metaphors and stretched truths, to paint a façade over the actual topic at hand. Akechi would
surely see through any such attempts.
Beyond that, there’s no guarantee that Akechi will speak with him at all. He seems the type to
hold a grudge, from what Yusuke has seen and heard.
Though, he’s been willing to be at least professional with Ren? Yusuke isn’t even sure it
that’s true, and he finds it is difficult to parse the limits of what is acceptable, with Akechi.
He’s sure that some would consider even his insistence on being amicable a step too far.
Akechi certainly seems to think so; surprised, or perhaps just annoyed, at Yusuke
approaching him.
There are surely ways to deliver a sincere apology. Food? Ah, he doesn’t have the funds to
spare, and past conversations with Ryuji tell him that the gesture doesn’t quite land if the
other person has to pay.
A painting, perhaps? No, he doesn’t have the time. To deliver a piece of acceptable quality
would take longer than Yusuke is willing to wait.
Perhaps he couldYusuke throws all of this to the side as he sees Akechi stride through the Shibuya subway
station, past the spot that Yusuke tends to claim for the purposes of people-watching.
“Akechi-kun.” Yusuke says, speed-walking to catch up, “I was wondering if-”

It looks as though it takes a considerable amount of effort for Akechi to not respond in a way
that is loudly hostile, “Ah, Kitagawa-kun.” He says, face twisted in a grimace, “You always
seem to catch me in public.”
“Where else would I find you?” Yusuke frowns, “I don’t know where you live.”
“That’s for the best, I think.” Akechi grits.
“You weren’t perturbed by our conversation happening in public yesterday.” Yusuke points
out, quickly starting forward as Akechi sighs through his nose and continues walking.
“I didn’t expect it to take the turn it did.” Akechi says, voice forcibly light, whatever
annoyance he must feel being injected into the ferocity of his walk, “Allow me to be honest,
Kitagawa: I’m tired. I have been tired, for days, and whatever pretence I must hold up for my
various obligations is beginning to slip. So I would ask, that you don’t exacerbate the
process.”
Yusuke tilts his head, trying to get his thoughts in order as he tries to keep pace, “Is it really
so awful, to allow that pretence to drop?”
“I have dropped it. Around your motley crew, at least.” Akechi says, pointedly walking a
little faster towards the ticket gates, “You misunderstand me. If I were to cause a scene by
throttling you in public, there would be consequences.”
“…Your recent honesty is rather refreshing.” Yusuke says, for lack of any other response.
“Really? I wouldn’t have noticed, for how vehemently you all ignore my wishes.” Akechi
scoffs, coming to an abrupt stop at one of the platforms.
“What are your wishes?” Yusuke asks.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “For the lot of you to leave me alone.”
“Is that really all?”
Akechi gives him a look, as a train comes to a stop in front of them, “What?”
“I’m curious- what is it that you want from all this?” Yusuke muses, half to himself, as he
steps forward onto the train, Akechi trailing behind him, “Ren and Yoshizawa-san said that it
was revenge, but I would like to hear it from you.”
Akechi scoffs, but says nothing, as they cram into the subway car.
Yusuke frowns, “Do you not know?”
“Of course I know.” Akechi hisses lowly, “But- as I said, we are in public.” He eyes the
people squashing them in on all sides, “About as public as it can get.”
Yusuke supposes that is a fair assessment- though he knows he hasn’t really cared for what
strangers may think of his actions and words in the past.

After a moment, Yusuke remembers to ask, “Where are we headed?”
Akechi gives him an incredulous look, “So you were just following me blindly.”
Yusuke smiles, pleasantly surprised that he caught on, “Yes! I must admit- I hope it isn’t too
far.”
Akechi snorts, “Well, you’ll be pleasantly surprised, then.”
“Excellent.” Yusuke nods, and turns to resume his people-watching as he waits.
He doesn’t tend to watch people while he’s on the subway. Most times, he’s buried in his
sketchbook, quickly roughing out ideas from the night prior before he regrettably has to put
any such drawing on hold for the start of the school day.
He finds his attention drifting back to Akechi, as the subway car travels on. His face is set in
stiff neutrality, seemingly unable to conjure the airy indifference of his princely façade in the
months prior. Given that he is trying to mend a bridge, however, Yusuke opts not to draw
attention to it. Many of his other friends have made it clear that it is somewhat disconcerting,
when he does.
Before long, Akechi elbows him, and jerks his head towards the door. Yusuke quickly
follows, and finds himself indeed pleasantly surprised at the sight of Yongen station.
“Ah, are you headed to Leblanc?” Yusuke asks. He isn’t quite sure of the state of Ren and
Akechi’s relationship, at this time- his time spent with Ren has made it abundantly clear that
Yusuke is not the world’s foremost source on interpreting such things. Though, if Akechi is
going to visit Ren, then perhaps“No.” Akechi says bluntly, shattering the vague hopeful ideas that Yusuke had started to form
in his head. “You’re going to Leblanc. I’m taking another train. Go eat some food, or
something.”
“Wait.” Yusuke quickly takes a step forward. He sighs, “If you are going to be so obstinate,
will you at least answer my question from before?”
Akechi shoots him a glare.
“We’re no longer in such a crowded area.” Yusuke points out.
Akechi’s glare grows a little sharper, “’What do I want from this’, was it? I hardly see how
it’s your business.”
“Is it no longer revenge, then?”
Akechi scoffs, and shoots his glare towards the ground, “Oh, believe me, I-” He cuts himself
off, “It doesn’t matter. Why would it? We hardly have a choice for what we do in the coming
months.”
“Perhaps not.” Yusuke concedes, “But what about after?”

Akechi’s frown deepens. He folds his arms, “…You’re pursuing this line of questioning,
rather that the inane drivel you were spouting yesterday?”
“I would like to continue our discussion from yesterday, if possible.” Yusuke pushes.
“It’s not.” Akechi turns on his heel, “Goodbye, Kitagawa.”
“…Do you still insist that I not contact you outside of professional scenarios?” Yusuke calls
after him.
Akechi turns around, and rolls his eyes, “Will you listen, if I tell you to piss off?”
“Likely not.” Yusuke admits.
“There you have it. It doesn’t matter.” Akechi says, striding away with an air of finality.
Yusuke sighs, glad that this conversation did not end as poorly as yesterday’s, but still not
feeling much in the way of accomplishment.
Perhaps another time, then.
(Resigning himself to the fact that the arcana continue ever on, whether he likes it or not,
Akechi feels the Hanged Man grow to rank four.)
***
“How about…” Ren hums as he eyes the various gun upgrades that Iwai has available.
Iwai shoots him a look, “You gonna make a decision sometime this century? I’ve gotta get
home for dinner.”
Ren waves a hand, “Yeah, yeah.” He puffs out his cheeks, “Just go with the power receiver.”
“You’re really particular about the way these look, huh?” Iwai snorts to himself, “You can
barely see these extra mods.”
“But I know it’s there.” Ren smirks.
“Sure, kid.” Iwai rolls his eyes, “That all you need?”
“Yup.” Ren gives a short nod, “Still get my discount?”
Iwai makes a show of sighing, “Twist my arm, why don’t you?”
Ren chuckles under his breath, and waves Iwai off, “Get to it, then.”
“Brat.” Iwai scoffs as he scoops up the guns that have been selected to be modified,
“Gimme… twenty minutes?”
“I’ll stick around.” Ren nods, and leans back against one of the shelves.

Iwai shuffles to the back of the shop. After a moment, Morgana pokes his head out of the
bag. “Those the last things you need?”
“Yeah.” Ren replies, hushed, “I don’t think we need anything extra from Takemi.”
“That’s probably for the best.” Morgana hums, “Her stuff is… not cheap.”
Ren snickers under his breath, “You say that like it’s coming out of your wallet.”
“Our wallet.” Morgana insists, “You make most of that money in the Metaverse. Those are
group funds.”
“Fair, fair.” Ren tilts his head, considering.
“Well, anyway,” Morgana sighs, “This was your last day of exams. How do you think you
did?”
“You were there.” Ren reminds him.
“I know that!” Morgana yowls, “That doesn’t mean I know the answer to all the questions in
your exam!”
“You act like you do.” Ren frowns, “Are you just giving me a false sense of security?”
“No!” Morgana insists. Ren has to stifle a laugh at how affronted he looks, “I pay attention in
class- unlike you, apparently.”
“I paid attention.” Ren protests, “Last year. It carries over, you know.”
Morgana deflates as he sighs, “I guess that’s true.” He flicks his tail, “Does this mean we’ll
be going to the palace tomorrow?”
“Definitely.” Ren says, readjusting the bag over his shoulder, “…Assuming everything is…
settled.”
“Yeah.” Morgana sighs, “Do you think everything will go okay?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean with Akechi.” Morgana says, shooting Ren a look, “Yoshizawa and Haru, too.”
Ren knows what Morgana is getting at.
He doesn’t have many concerns with regard to Sumire. Things are… patched up, as much as
they can be, and she seems more than willing to get the job done. Haru, though Ren can’t
truly say that he knows her, anymore, appears much the same. She didn’t seem put out by
being initially benched, at least.
Akechi, meanwhile, Ren has concerns about.
He sincerely doubts that Akechi still considers him any form of leader.

“We’ll… see how it goes?” Ren offers.
Morgana rolls his eyes, “Not comforting.”
“I can’t make it comforting.” Ren sighs, “Either he’ll listen to me, or he won’t. I’m not
worried about Haru and Sumire.”
Morgana gives him a searching look, “What are you going to do if he doesn’t listen?”
Ren runs a hand through his hair, “I don’t know.”
“Do you think he’ll cause problems on purpose?”
Ren snorts, “It’s me that’s the problem, for him. Other than that, I think he wants this to go
well more than anyone.”
“I guess that’s true.” Morgana concedes, “He’s in the most danger.”
Ren frowns at the reminder. “I’m sure he’ll… put his grudge aside for the sake of the
mission.”
Ren isn’t sure how much he actually believes that. If anything, evidence suggests that if
Akechi is being cooperative, then he’s probably got a knife or two waiting to sink into
someone’s back.
With that thought, Ren almost hopes that working with Akechi will be distinctly difficult.
“You talking to your cat?” Iwai says, as he comes from the back room to dump the newly
modified model guns on the counter.
“He’s a good listener.” Ren fires back, reaching for his wallet.
Iwai huffs, amused, “Whatever you say. Need anything else?”
A guide on how to salvage relationships would be great. “Nope. Nothing.”
Iwai nods, shoving the models into a nondescript bag, “Good. Be careful getting back.”
“Will do.” Ren says, taking the bag, wondering how tomorrow will go.
***
Poorly, as it turns out.
Ren isn’t sure what he expected, but it starts like so:
The team, composed of the same people it had before they were interrupted four days prior,
descends the elevator, and finds the opening hallway looking deceptively similar to how it
had weeks ago, and in the last timeline.

“You’d think that Okumura wouldn’t have needed his cognitive shift to be so dramatic if it all
looks the same, anyway.” Futaba grumbles from above.
“Does this mean that the safe room you all found is back where it was?” Sumire asks
hopefully.
“Nope.” Futaba responds with a sigh, “Looks like that’s still down for the count. Stay on your
toes, people- it may look all fine right now, but…”
“That could change at any moment.” Makoto finishes, folding her arms. She turns to Ren,
“Are we proceeding as normal, Joker?”
Nothing else they can do, really. “Yeah.” He nods, and starts down the hall.
The first few turns are, miraculously, shadow-free. Come the third or fourth, however, the
not-quite-familiar forms of shadows start to make an appearance. Robotic, naturally, but
lanky and humanoid in a way that they had not been previously- all clockwork and wires.
Ren isn’t entirely sure what to make of the change.
“Whenever you’re ready, Joker!” Futaba chimes through her persona, “The rest of us aren’t
too far behind, if you need backup.”
“We won’t.” Ren hears Akechi say under his breath.
With the team at present, Ren can’t help but agree. He crouches, low, waiting for the nearest
shadow to amble a tad closer. He hears the creak of strained wires and the grind of ill-fitting
metal segments, and leaps,
And tears of the shadow’s mask in one fluid movement- practiced, as ever- jumping away as
it collapses and bubbles, shrieking protests as it reforms into three spinning stars, one eye
settled in the centre, unblinking.
“YOU DARE?” One of them cries, voice even more grating than Ren remembers the
shadows in this palace having, “LORD OKUMURA WILL NOT BE PLEASED!”
“Really, now?” Ren hums, tossing his dagger, briefly considering the best way to press the
advantage.
Brief as his thoughts had been, they apparently aren’t quick enough. As Ren opens his mouth,
ready to call for a persona and orders for the next person down the line, he’s swiftly
interrupted.
A sharp bark of laughter,
“Laevateinn!”
A gasp from Makoto, not smothered quite quick enough,

“Oh, shit-” Futaba exclaims over comms, as the looming tangle of black white red gold
unfurls, accompanied by the screech of metal slamming down with a crunch,
A comparatively unceremonious clap of hands,
“Ella! Vorpal Blade!”
A swirl of silver,
And the battle is over.
Ren slowly puts his dagger back in its holster, and his hands in his pockets.
“Holy shit!” He hears Ryuji’s voice echo from down the hall.
Makoto is still staring at the spot where Loki hovered. She swallows, “So.”
“Yes?” Akechi deadpans, and Ren almost snorts. Of course, he’d take the opportunity to
show off.
“So.” Futaba echoes Makoto, “I take that is what you oh-so-subtly hinted at, Joker?”
“Sure was.” Ren confirms with a shrug. Down the hall, he hears the other thieves gossiping
loudly at the display.
Sumire gives Ren an apologetic smile, “Sorry we didn’t wait…?”
Ren waves a hand, “Worked, didn’t it?”
Even as he says it, Ren can’t help but feel… concerned. Even at his most combative, Akechi
had always listened for the first shout from Ren, waiting for an indication of the strategy at
play. It seems that he’s no longer willing to grant that courtesy, however.
And Sumire…
Ren wonders if Sumire really sees him as much of a leader, anymore.
Worked, didn’t it? He reiterates in his head. If Akechi being pissed at him makes him more
efficient, who is he to complain?
As the infiltration continues down the next few halls, Ren feels that he has quite a bit to
complain about, actually.
Each fight is over quickly, granted; but, even when Ren does manage to get an order out, it is
often summarily ignored- by Akechi, at least. Makoto follows his instructions, as she always
has. Sumire, while she generally acts as Ren commands, will occasionally flash an apologetic
smile as she chooses to synergise with Akechi instead.
I don’t work for you, each of Akechi’s myriad glares seem to hiss, I am working with youyour orders mean nothing to me.

Ren gets the message, loud and clear.
Thankfully, it isn’t long before he can catch a break.
“Oooh, a safe room!” Futaba’s grin is audible, “Checkpoint set!”
Ren huffs a laugh, and pushes open the door. Inside, the walls and corners shimmer at the
edges, flickering to the visage of what he can only assume is a breakroom of some kind.
The rest of the thieves (And Not-Thieves, as has been made painfully clear,) pile into the safe
room, chattering loudly and naturally gravitating to opposite ends of the room.
The tension is back. Ren inspects his gloves uncomfortably, trapped in the middle.
Makoto’s face is pinched, having had the front-row seat for the blatant disregard of orders
that Ren is certain she finds incredibly grating. Ryuji and Morgana both look rather
disgruntled, as well, the former occasionally scowling in the direction of the offending
members. The remainder of them just look uncomfortable.
Akechi, Sumire, and Haru, meanwhile, seem to be in the middle of a hushed conversation.
Ren thinks he’d be asking for another bullet between the eyes if he tried to eavesdrop, so he
keeps his distance.
“Oracle.” He says loudly, to the entire room, dispelling the separate conversations, “Is it just
me, or is this safe room earlier than before?”
Finally, everyone gathers around the table in the centre. “Hmm, I think so?” Futaba says
simply, “I mean, we haven’t run into that biometric lock, yet.”
“Oh yeah, the safe room was after that door, huh?” Ryuji pushes his mask up his face.
“But, wasn’t the geography of the palace being altered by the god of control?” Haru turns to
Akechi, “So, some things may be back in place now that it’s stopped.”
Akechi shrugs, “Whether it was Yaldabaoth’s meddling, or because of the change in
cognition, the point is that some things have been rearranged. It’s been a while, but I don’t
ever recall a safe room appearing this early.”
“Good for us, right?” Morgana chimes in.
“Assuming that this doesn’t cause an imbalance in the spread of safe rooms later on.” Yusuke
amends with a sigh.
Futaba groans, “Ugh, you guys are being so pessimistic! Early safe room! Neither good nor
bad! Not everything is an omen of doom.”
Ann laughs, “It sure feels like it, sometimes.”
“Sometimes.” Makoto agrees, ever weary, “I take that we’ll try to find the next safe room, at
least? We haven’t really made that much progress.”

“If we can find one, then yes.” Ren nods, leaning back. He considers it for a beat, “No
changes to the team. Everyone else hang back like usual.”
Ren starts forward after the round of acknowledgements, pausing only as Makoto quickly
whispers in his ear.
“Are you sure this is wise?” She narrows her eyes at Akechi, who either doesn’t notice or
ignores the exchange.
Ren nods, relaying a confidence he absolutely doesn’t feel. “I don’t think I could get him to
stay behind if I tried.” He admits, “And he’s very strong.”
Makoto doesn’t seem to have an argument to counter that, as she drops the subject with a
short sigh.
The fights against wandering shadows don’t change. Ren grits his teeth, and tries to ignore
the feeling that whatever claim to leadership he had is slowly slipping away.
(It’s not like he’s that attached to the title- he doesn’t think so, at least; so why is this soHe’s not concerned for their safety; how can he be, when the battles are ended before Ren can
register that they’ve began?
Is this just another competition? Another back and forth between him and Akechi, scrambling
for the upper hand?
It’s not like Akechi could win that fight. The thieves are too loyal. But it’s not like Ren can
win, either, if Sumire’s actions are any indication.
So what is this, then?)
It’s not long before they make it to the biometric lock again. Ren feels on edge- for many
reasons, at this point, but the fact that they’ve yet to see any real indication that the palace has
changed beyond the shape of the wandering shadows leaves him uneasy. He doesn’t want to
be blindsided.
But, they have an obstacle to pass.
“You’re up, Crow.” Ren gestures towards the door, earning a dismissive sniff in response.
Crow steps forward, and the scrolling lights above the door change, scanning, scanning.
A pause,
Access Denied.
Makoto frowns, “Oh.” She turns to Akechi, “…Do you need to be in your other outfit to be
recognised?”

Akechi shakes his head, “This was the outfit I gained access in. I was surprised that I was still
recognised in the other one.”
“Something messy with cognition, probably.” Futaba chimes in, “Some weird combo of how
you see yourself and of how Okumura sees you.”
“Most likely.” Akechi agrees. He tilts his head, looking remarkably like his avian namesake,
“Though, that begs the question of what changed.”
“It’s something to do with the shift in cognition, right?” Sumire asks, “So, Okumura thinks of
you differently, now?”
“More accurately, he thinks of the black mask differently.” Akechi corrects, “His shadow
would, at least. Based on this, I’d wager that Okumura’s little fit may have something to do
with how he perceives Shido.”
Ren frowns, “Do you think Okumura’s getting ready to cut Shido off? He’s entering politics,
right?”
Akechi narrows his eyes at being addressed by Ren, and turns, answering as though the wall
asked the question, “That might be part of it. But think: Sugimura’s heart was just changed.
That deal was part of Okumura’s in with politics. He must think it’s awfully targeted.”
“You think Okumura suspects Shido was involved…” Makoto concludes, “Wouldn’t that be a
bit of a stretch, based on just one incident?”
“Not really.” Ren says, “It’s paranoid, sure, but Okumura probably knows Shido enough that
he wouldn’t put that kind of sabotage past him.”
Sumire gives an awkward smile, “Considering what happened to him last time, this is
honestly pretty tame in comparison. Not that he would know that, I guess…” She muses.
“I wonder how far his paranoia stretches?” Makoto folds her arms, frown deepening,
“Sugimura’s calling card wasn’t signed from the Phantom Thieves, right?” Akechi and
Sumire nod, “Even so, Okumura would probably recognise it as a change of heart. That,
combined with his suspicions about Shido…”
“Are you thinking that this palace might be specced against us, specifically?” Futaba asks,
“Like, he’s afraid of the thieves, and thinks we’re working for Shido? There are a lot of things
he could start thinking. I mean, he’s already involved in a political conspiracy, what’s one
more against him in particular? Palace-wise, though, I have no idea how this is gonna affect
us. I’d need to get a scan on more of it.”
“…If we could get any further.” Sumire sighs, frowning at the biometric lock.
“Now that,” Akechi grins, “Is rather easy.”
Ren furrows his brow, “What are you-”

He doesn’t get to finish the question before the shriek of rending metal forces him to clamp
his hands over his ears, the flash of Loki’s sword burying itself in the door assaulting his
senses.
“Okumura-san.” Akechi drawls to the empty air, “I’d like to request a new ticket.”
“What the hell?!” Futaba yelps.
“Crow!” Makoto snaps, looking furious. She gives Ren a sharp look, as if to say deal with
this.
Ren has no idea how to deal with this. In fact, he thinks, grinding his teeth together, the
damage may already be done.
Akechi scowls at the air, as whatever reaction he was hoping to gain from Okumura’s shadow
doesn’t occur. He digs the sword in a little deeper, “We can do this the hard way, as I’ve
described in the past-”
“Uh, Crow!” Futaba blurts, sounding panicked, “I don’t know what you’re doing, but the
security level is going nuts! I don’t think this is gonna work!”
Akechi commands Loki to rip the sword out of the door, growling in frustration, “Oh, come
on.”
Sumire blinks, flustered, “Can’t we just- ask Noir to test it? We don’t have to-” She gestures
violently between the door and Loki.
“I suppose that’s an option.” Akechi concedes, dismissing Loki with a wave of his hand.
“Are you serious?” Makoto glares, “You- couldn’t you have waited for one second?”
“Wait for what.”
“For Joker to decide what to do!” Makoto scowls, “Are you working with us, or not?”
Are you going to intervene? Metatron drawls in Ren’s head; snide, like he’ll be judgemental
no matter what Ren does.
“Futaba, send the rest of the team forward.” He says to the empty air, stepping forward to risk
his arm by grabbing Akechi by the shoulder.
Predictably, Akechi immediately shakes him off, “What?” He snarls. Don’t touch me, his eyes
say.
“We,” Ren starts, “Are going to talk.” He turns on his heel, and strides over to the corner of
the room, hoping that this particular strategy of dragging Akechi into a conversation will
work twice in a row. Makoto sends him an approving look, which he ignores.
“T-team’s coming through.” Futaba’s voice stutters, “We’ll be here in a sec.”

“Good.” He mutters, turning around to face Akechi, who has, thankfully, followed him.
Ren takes a deep breath, trying to organise his words. Akechi raises a derisive eyebrow at the
pause.
“Are you being difficult on purpose?” He settles on, his frustration getting the better of him.
“Who do you take me for?” Akechi scoffs, which Ren takes to mean as yes.
Great start.
“Just-” Ren pushes up his mask to dig the palms of his hands into his eyes, “I thought you
agreed to be- cooperative.”
“I’m not trying to kill you, am I?” Akechi snorts, “Unless that’s what you’d prefer.”
Ren ignores the empty threat, “The security level is nuts now, apparently.”
“Hardly a problem.”
“And we have another solution right there,”
“I so happened to try my solution first.”
“So if you had waited for two seconds-”
“Is this all you dragged me here to say?” Akechi cuts him off, “Repeat what Niijima said?”
“Queen.” Ren corrects automatically.
“Uh huh.” Akechi mocks dispassionately, “As I said, is that all?”
Ren presses his lips together, “…Yes.”
“Wonderful.” Akechi says, sending him a dazzling smile. “Noir.” He calls, wandering away
as the rest of the thieves enter the room, “If your father has deigned to not be cooperative
with me, he may be cooperative with you.”
Haru nods, stepping forward, “It has worked, in the past.” She tilts her head as she sees the
door, “My, you did quite the number on it.”
Akechi, for the first time since he started causing problems, almost looks embarrassed at
Haru’s airy observation, “Well, you know.”
Haru’s lips twitch up as she steps forward. The scrolling lights above the door register her
presence, and blink accordingly, scanning, scanning,
A pause,
Access granted, and the door -still slightly mangled- quickly slides open.

Makoto, still looking incensed, turns to give Akechi an I-told-you-so glare, “See?”
“Can we- stop?” Sumire cuts in, “The door’s open! So…”
“Yeah!” Ann nods furiously, smile looking a bit stiff, “All’s well that ends well, right? We
can just move on, and-”
“Actually,” Futaba interjects, voice much less looming now that she’s down on the ground
with the rest of them, “Well- it’s just,” She frowns, and clearly gives up on her words as she
points behind the door that Haru just opened.
Ren’s eyes widen as he sees what Futaba is referring to. Where he would have expected more
of the same blue and silver hallway, shining chrome and rounded borders, is what almost
looks like scaffolding. As close to scaffolding that a space station can get, at least. Patchwork
metal, caution signs, and haphazardly welded panels of glass form a strange sight.
Or, half of it looks like scaffolding. The other half looks like a very different sci-fi aesthetic
than Okumura’s heart had previously latched onto. A passage that looks almost flashy in its
presentation, borderline regal- if not for the dull colours and musty atmosphere that seeps
into its edges. The kind of view that Ren would expect in some fancy office, more than a
factory suspended in the void.
“So, security’s pretty tight.” Futaba reiterates, as the thieves take in the view, “And from what
little Necronomicon can scan ahead from here, these two paths diverge pretty wildly.”
“So, basically, it’d be a gamble if we went any further.” Morgana concludes with a sigh.
“So you’re saying we should leave?” Ryuji groans, “This is just like the last time we tried
getting’ through this place. We barely got anywhere!”
“I know!” Futaba throws her arms up, “But we’re working with new rules, so we’re not
getting whatever time travel knowledge we would have gotten from those three,” She points
at Ren, Sumire, and Akechi, “So we’re just at a flat disadvantage.”
“If we come back tomorrow, then the security level should have resolved itself- at least
partially- correct?” Yusuke asks.
“That’s the gist.” Futaba mumbles, and turns to Ren.
Ren runs his tongue along the inside of his teeth.
One day won’t make a difference.
(Of course it will, but Ren doesn’t have a better solution. The magician is out of tricks, and
the flow of events that had felt so natural, so easy, last time now feels like it’s dragging him
and everyone else further and further out to sea.
Nothing, no progress in the past few days has abated how lost he is.)
“We’ll come back tomorrow.” Ren says, and buries everything a little deeper.

***
The apathy that Akechi is so practiced in is starting to slip.
He had, foolishly, assumed that keeping every bit of fire, every bit of hatred, that so
frequently threatens to spill from him in check would be easy. How could it not be? He’s
worked for Shido for yearsBut, he can’t really say he ever succeeded in anything he planned, in that case.
And nothing, nothing, about this, as his own swirling thoughts and unexpended violent
energy has made him painfully aware, is the same.
The idea of trusting Ren- with anything, even something that he’s proven to be passably
competent at, makes his skin crawl. Akechi cannot fathom the idea of giving even an inch of
leeway, and he can’t, he can’t,
So, he acts before Ren can speak. Before he can even get a word in. Pretends that only
Sumire or the walls are there. Argues with Makoto because she makes it so easy.
(Argues with Ren, because Akechi will not take that frustrated line of his mouth lying down,
won’t let Ren even consider the possibility that he has some moral high ground, whenAkechi has seen firsthand that Ren’s ideals are, apparently, made of paper. Akechi will
ensure that Ren never believes they are the same ever again.)
The wasted time is unfortunate, but he’ll live. They all will.
In fact, he thinks, as he finally makes his way back to his apartment, he can buy himself some
more time right now.
It feels wrong, to navigate through his past calls to find the number he’s looking for. He
doesn’t have it saved (he’s not an idiot), but he supposes that doesn’t truly mean much when
traces of their interactions exist in his phone, nonetheless.
It is with a large degree of irritation that Akechi sits through four rings before the line goes
through.
“What now?”
Not the worst start. “Sir.” Akechi says, schooling his voice to be appropriately celebratory, “I
have some good news.”
“Really, now?” Akechi doesn’t miss the way that Shido’s voice almost sounds interested- a
rare occurrence.
“Really.” Akechi confirms, “Our mutual acquaintance appears to have something of a thief
problem.”
There’s a low chuckle, “Oh? You ought to help him out, then.”

“Of course.” Akechi hums, “Once he reports the problem.”
“Of course.” Shido echoes, “I’m glad you haven’t disappointed me.”
Akechi bites at his lip, “I wouldn’t dream of it, Sir.”
“Good.” Is the curt response, “Keep me updated.”
“As you say.” Akechi mumbles to the empty room, as the dial tone blares in his ear.
He drops the phone on the floor, pressing his hands over his eyes.

Chapter End Notes

Well. Akechi causing problems on purpose is hardly new? HAHAHA someone get that
boy some non-Maruki therapy before Ren loses his mind. ...Someone also get Ren some
non-Maruki therapy; he keeps denying that he needs it like a liar
I am, once again, out of bits. But, I'm also not sick anymore! mostly! ...I sneezed while I
was writing that LMAO
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! just Yusuke today...
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
[meanwhile, the hushed conversation between the bmtrio in the safe room]
Sumire: are you okay?
Akechi: Absolutely not.
Haru: are you capable of pretending you are?
Akechi: Only in the sense that I can be intensely uncooperative and an all around pain in
the ass for our new allies.
Sumire: you know what? good enough. we can work with that

Chapter 59
Chapter Summary

Compromises, scaffolding, and museums.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire keeps her head down as she sees a few police officers loitering outside Shujin’s gates.
There’s a whirlwind of gossip in the halls as to why they might be there, but Sumire can
hazard a pretty fair guess.
She remembers being questioned by the police, last time. A short interview- she had been
pretty nervous, considering she wasn’t technically a part of the Phantom Thieves, but she
certainly knew who they were by that point.
Though, if she remembers correctly, the police only started getting so aggressive after
Okumura died.
“Did you see those cops out front?” Ryuji asks in a half-hearted attempt at lowering his voice
as Sumire joins him, Ren, Ann, and Morgana on the roof for lunch.
“Sure did…” Ann mutters.
“Do they already know who we are?” Morgana asks, tail flicking nervously.
“No.” Ren shakes his head with a frown, “They shouldn’t. I don’t think so, at least.” He sighs,
“I really don’t know when Shido found out who we were, either.”
“It would be up to Goro to tell him, right?” Sumire says, “So if the police are in the dark, so
is Shido.”
Ren presses his lips together, “But the cops are still here. So they know where to look.” He
huffs, “And this only started happening last time after everyone started hating us.”
“So, what? Shido’s gettin’ desperate?” Ryuji asks, leaning back on the table he’s
commandeered as a seat.
“Or, the police are getting desperate.” Ann adds, “It’s like, half and half, right? Makoto’s sis
isn’t in on the conspiracy, and she definitely wants to catch us.”
“Someone’s getting antsy.” Morgana finishes, “You all need to be on your guard.”

Ren narrows his eyes at the door to the roof, “I don’t think they’re interviewing anyone.
Kawakami didn’t mention anything about it in homeroom.”
“Did they interview people last time?” Ann asks with a tilt of her head.
Sumire nods, “Yes. But, if Okumura hasn’t died, maybe they can’t use that as an excuse?”
“Sweet.” Ryuji grins. His expression falls after a beat, and he slumps, “Oh. Shit, that’ll
change pretty fast once we finish the palace, huh?”
“Yep.” Ann drawls with a pop. She groans, “God, that sounds stressful. I’ll look so
suspicious!”
“You did fine last time.” Ren reassures her. He furrows his brows, “Or, well enough that they
didn’t arrest you on the spot. I think both Sae and Shido had a pretty good idea of who we
were, at that point. Who I was, at least.”
“We all really need to make sure that we don’t paint a bigger target on our backs.” Morgana
reminds them, “Make sure you’re acting as normal as possible.”
“Kinda hard, when we’re going to the palace every day.” Ryuji whines, “And easy for you to
say- it’s not like the cops’re gonna arrest you.”
Morgana looks like he can’t decide whether to be offended by that statement, but Ren
interrupts before he can talk back, “We’ll stagger how we enter the palace. At least then it
isn’t a group of suspicious teens all crowded around Okumura Food’s HQ.”
“I guess that’s the best we can do…” Sumire acquiesces, her shoulders slumping.
Their plan is tenuous- barely a plan at all, really. More a series of countermeasures to ensure
things go smoothly enough to carry them to the end of the year. Held together with brittle
threads, and Sumire is afraid of what forces may seek to break them.
She turns and looks over the edge of the roof, spotting the acting principal speaking to some
officers with a placating smile.
Why, why, is changing just one thing such an ordeal?
***
Makoto had considered herself a person who didn’t lose her cool too often, but she supposes
that awakening a persona changed that about her.
She can’t decide if this is better or worse, to have this be a fact about her. Better, surely, than
lying down to the whims of those that want things from her. But even still, she can feel her
grip on her demeanour and emotions slip further and further from her grasp.
It would have been far nicer, she thinks wryly, to have gone through this a few years earlier,
before the fate of the world was at stake.

But that isn’t what happened.
This to say, that trying to stop getting worked up about Akechi’s everything has been a losing
battle. She can’t stand him- never could, really, and especially now.
There is a vindictive part of her that is almost happy that she has a real reason to hate Akechi.
No longer does she have to stew in her own thoughts, while everyone praises the golden boy
for all his talents.
And yet, no one is on the same page. To the rest of the world, nothing about Akechi has
changed; this revelation of morality being reserved for the Phantom Thieves alone. And even
then.
Makoto wonders if there’s something she’s missing. It’s infuriating, and she can’t tell if she’s
the problem.
At the very least, school does wonders to take her mind off of things. Hopefully the world
won’t end, leaving the unfortunate side effect of school very much still mattering. She busies
herself with preparations for the upcoming school festival, grimacing to herself as she
remembers the panel she has to organise. Maybe she can push setting up the vote for the
special guest onto one of the other student council members.
She startles, as the door to the student council room slides open.
“Oh,” Haru’s airy voice exclaims, “Makoto-san.” She laughs slightly, “I suppose it isn’t
surprising that you’re here.”
“Haru-san,” Makoto nods in greeting, as respectful as she can manage. She’s trying. She’s
trying, “Did you need something?”
Haru shakes her head, stepping properly inside and closing the door behind her, “Not
particularly. I suppose I was just looking for a place to do some work.” She places her bag on
the table, making contact with a heavy thud. “I brought my laptop today- it’s a bit old, so it’s
a little heavy.”
“Oh,” Makoto furrows her brows, “What schoolwork do you need to do on a computer?”
“It’s not schoolwork.” Haru corrects, “I’ve started doing some preliminary work for what
needs to be done after we finish my father’s palace.”
Makoto’s eyes widen, “I see.” She tucks a loose strand of hair behind her ear, “Um- what
kind of preparations have you been doing?”
“Drafting emails, mostly.” Haru explains with a sigh as she taps her password into the -rather
hefty- laptop she pulls from her bag, “Other correspondence, too. I’ve already done some
work in identifying who I can trust.” She presses her lips together in a frustrated line, “It’s…
difficult. People who can be bribed into silence can just as easily be bribed into talking. True
loyalty is awfully hard to come by, as my father has been quite happy in burning bridges,
lately.”

“I can imagine.” Makoto murmurs in sympathy, “…If there’s anything I can do…?”
Olive branches, Johanna often whispers in her ear. An easier task around Haru, specifically.
Makoto’s grievances only target her tangentially, so keeping her impulsive hissing and
snapping under lock and key is simple.
The only thing that irritates her about Haru is“Oh, no, it’s alright.” Haru looks up with a small smile, “A lot of it relies on my own
knowledge, anyway, so it would probably be extra work to try and catch you up to speed.”
“I understand.” Makoto acquiesces, eyes awkwardly flicking down to the permission sheets
she needs to fill out, “But, well- if you change your mind…”
“I’ll keep that in mind, thank you.” Haru nods, smile diplomatic. She tilts her head, “What
are you working on? I would have thought you would spend lunches with Ren-kun and
everyone else.”
“Normally, I do.” Makoto agrees, “But, the school festival is coming up, so…”
Haru’s eyes widen, “Right, I completely forgot again!” She rests her chin on her hand, “If
everything wasn’t so busy, I’d probably be a bit more excited. I’ve always wanted to go to
one of these with friends- I’ve always skipped, the last two years.”
“It would be nice to actually enjoy the festival, for once.” Makoto says wryly, “I’ve been on
the student council since first year, so I’m usually running around, doing errands.”
And, the small addendum that she’s sure Haru also elected not to express, she didn’t exactly
have friends to go with.
“Maybe the festival can be a respite between infiltrations, this year.” Haru says, smile
growing wider as she talks, “Hopefully we’ll have finished my father’s palace, by then.”
“The sooner the better.” Makoto hums, shoulders tensing at the reminder of the palace. She
swallows, “…What are your opinions on… how things are going?”
Haru’s lips pull into a slight frown, and she doesn’t look up from her screen, “Well they are
going, I suppose. Any progress is good progress, even if it’s stalled.”
The only thing that irritates Makoto about Haru is her insistence on staying infuriatingly
neutral. Always the diplomat. Makoto hasn’t known her very long, but this, at least, seems to
be consistent.
She wonders if it was different, last time. She supposes it’s never something she’ll know for
sure; only something she can cobble together through second hand accounts.
Makoto sighs, “You aren’t frustrated?”
Haru tilts her head, seemingly genuinely considering her question, “…No. Not particularly. It
would be a bit hypocritical of me. I caused a number of problems while traversing

Sugimura’s palace.” She makes a face, clearly recalling something unpleasant, “Or, well, at
the end of it, at least.”
“I-is that so?” Makoto stutters. Perhaps she really doesn’t know Haru at all- even her broad
assumptions don’t quite seem to fit, anymore. She huffs, some of that temporarily buried
rashness coming to surface, “It’s just- we’re supposed to be working together.” And some
people are certainly trying harder than others.
Haru shrugs, a little helplessly, “Honestly, I’m not sure if that’s possible.” Before Makoto can
speak, she holds up a hand, “Not- like that. I mean… the Phantom Thieves have been
working the same way since they formed, yes? But I think that Goro-kun and Sumi-chan are
so accomplished that looking to Ren-kun as a leader holds them back.”
Makoto thinks it’s awfully charitable of Haru to neglect to mention the myriad other reasons
that Akechi and Sumire likely have to not fall in line. Though, by the borderline amused look
on Haru’s face, Makoto supposes it doesn’t really need to be said.
“What about you?” Makoto pushes.
“Me?” Haru blinks, a finger raising to point at herself. She laughs slightly, “Well, since I’m
so new to this, I don’t really have much of a problem following orders in battle from those
more experienced than me.”
“You wouldn’t know it, from how you fight.” Makoto mutters, before she can clamp her jaw
down.
Haru giggles, “I’ll take that as a compliment, Makoto-san. I think fighting alongside Gorokun and Sumi-chan helped with getting me up to speed, as it were. And…” She furrows her
brows, considering, “I suppose I would be more comfortable following instructions from
them, rather than Ren-kun, if only for familiarity alone.”
“I see.” Makoto sighs through her nose.
Well, that’s a problem.
Haru must sense her mood, “Though, I don’t think it’s impossible for us to work alongside
each other.”
“I don’t see the difference.” Makoto admits, a bit more petulant than she would have liked.
“It’s different.” Haru insists, “It may not be perfect, but it will get the job done, right?”
Makoto supposes she’ll have to see it to believe it.
“Anyway,” Haru continues, talking quickly, as though it will dispel the uncomfortable weight
that has settled in the air, “I’ve been preparing for business on my end, but how are you
going? I assume that you’ll be leading the charge, when the time comes to convince your
sister to our side?”
Ah.

Right.
Makoto had been avoiding thinking about that entirely.
“I’m working on it.” She says dismissively.
Haru gives a small smile, “That’s good. Hopefully we can get that done quickly- before
Doctor Maruki’s palace, maybe.”
Makoto thinks about the half-filled Nav requirements, burning a hole through her pocket like
her sister, like everyone knows,
Sae Niijima, Courthouse, and some mystery she hasn’t given herself the chance to ruminate
on or ask about. Some fundamental truth about what makes her sister’s mind click,
“I hope so, too.” Makoto says, turning back to her work.
***
Akechi, over the years, has learned not to be optimistic.
He prefers the term realist, over anything else, especially with regard to his own actions. It’s
foolish to ‘hope for the best’ when he knows exactly what he’s doing.
Which is to say: he has no solution for the problem at hand. Problems, that is.
The first: The side-eye a select few in the thieves’ number are giving him.
The second: The blade that hovers over his neck. Metaphorical, of course, though he can still
feel its sting.
The third: RenAkechi’s distinct lack of optimism stems from this, he knows; these problems could perhaps
be solved if he was kinder, more forgiving, more accepting of the token attempts at
connection that are half-heartedly thrown his way.
But, he is none of those things.
The best he can say is that he has pasted a band-aid over the second of his listed problems,
and that will have to be enough.
The first and third remain distinctly unsolved.
In the lobby of Okumura’s palace, Ren’s jaw audibly grinds. A habit that Akechi remembers
he had picked up sometime during January. He can’t remember if he had done it in the time
before remembering, this year. Not enough attention paid.
It hardly matters. It’s annoying, more than anything else.
“So.” Ren eventually says, “Front line team is…”

Sakamoto scoffs, “Dude, are you still gonna keep it the same?”
Makoto appears to make a valiant, if unnecessary, effort at keeping her mouth shut. This lasts
for all of three seconds, “I have to agree, Joker. We’ve changed things up when they aren’t
working in the past.”
Frankly, Akechi wishes Ren would remove himself from the frontline. It might make things
easier.
Ann laughs nervously, and tugs at her hair, “Uh, I don’t think avoiding the- discourse? Is
going to make it go away.”
“We are on a time limit.” Kitagawa counters.
Futaba groans, “Geez, it doesn’t matter! Just pick a team, Joker!”
Ren grimaces, and the arguments go round again.
Having this conversation is absurd, Akechi thinks, as the thieves all throw in their two cents,
changing the phrasing each time the wheel spins. It’s a ‘not naming any names’ game; for
what reason, Akechi has no idea. The fact that no one has turned and confronted him is
somewhat surprising.
Perhaps no one is in the mood to escalate the argument.
UNFORTUNATE. Loki sighs, overdramatic.
In the corner of his eye, as he inspects his gauntlets, Akechi sees Haru throwing increasingly
pointed looks towards Makoto, the latter’s grimace becoming ever more strained as she does.
Eventually, it’s Sumire who snaps.
“Can’t we just-?” She breathes, “I don’t know, infiltrate in two separate groups?”
Everyone stares at her with varying levels of incredulity and contemplation.
“What?!” Sakamoto is the first to blurt, “That’s- no way, dude.”
“Yeah, that’s like- I don’t know.” Ann looks flustered, “Don’t split the party? Isn’t that a
thing? Someone could get really hurt.”
“I dunno,” Futaba butts in, “It’s not a terrible idea. We have two separate paths we need to
explore anyway.”
Kitagawa frowns, “I assume you would want us to separate with Crow, Violet, and Noir as
one team, and the rest of us forming the other. That seems dangerous- do you even have a
navigator?”
“Crow’s a navigator.” Sumire and Ren say in unison. They both shoot each other wry looks.

Haru laughs slightly, “That. And, we also explored an entire palace on our own.”
Makoto, to Akechi’s surprise, looks conflicted. He would have assumed she would be
vehemently against the idea.
Morgana frowns, “I have no idea how two groups infiltrating the palace at once would affect
it.”
“Honestly? Me neither.” Futaba shrugs, “But one way to find out, right?”
“Is now really the time for experiments?” Makoto says weakly. She sighs, looking pained,
“But I suppose… it isn’t unprecedented that we split up. You all did clear a palace on your
own, and the rest of us dived into Mementos without our leader, once.”
“Yeah, that didn’t end super great, though.” Sakamoto points out.
“…Only because we got a bit, um, sidetracked. And confused.” Ann slowly points out.
Sakamoto huffs, “Guess that’s true.”
“Joker? What’s your call?” Kitagawa folds his arms expectantly.
Ren presses his lips together, and tugs on his fringe- a familiar tic. He looks up, “What do
you think, Crow?”
Akechi tilts his head, “I think,” He speaks for the first time since entering the palace, “That
having to take orders from you again would end poorly.”
Ren bites at his lip, and nods, acquiescing. He blows out a breath, deflating, “Okay. That’sfine.”
Akechi nods, already taking out his phone so they can get the hell out of this lobby“Only if you take Mona, though.” Ren amends.
“What?!” Mona yowls.
Futaba snickers, “Trying to turn the Black Mask trio into a Black Mask quartet?”
“Mona’s a healer.” Ren explains, shoving his hands in his pockets, “Violet’s the only one of
you who can heal, right? And she can only target one person.”
Sumire laughs awkwardly, clearly remembering how their scuffle with Sugimura went.
“That’s true.”
“Wh- but- Joker!” Mona protests, looking at Ren as though he just killed his entire family.
“It would mean you have two navigators, too.” Ren continues, ignoring the blubbering
directed his way, “Spread the load, a bit.”
Haru nods, “I think that would be alright.” She turns her head, “Crow? Violet?”

“Fine by me.” Sumire says with an eager nod.
Akechi shrugs, “I don’t think I’m the one you have to convince.”
Everyone turns to Morgana.
He pouts, “Really?”
Sumire looks a bit self-conscious, “Um, do you dislike us that much…?”
“Wh- no!” Morgana quickly protests, “I- I guess I just don’t know you that well.”
“A good chance to get to know them, no?” Kitagawa suggests with the same air as one might
offer a piece of sage advice. Morgana shoots him a glare.
“I suspect I’m the problem.” Akechi eventually says, not particularly interested in drawing
this out any longer.
Morgana shakes his head with a long-suffering sigh, “You’re a jerk, but it’s not like I hate
you.” He groans, “Fine.” He drawls, and shoots Ren a look, “You owe me so much sushi.”
Ren holds up his hands placatingly, a smirk twitching at the edges of his lips, “You’ve got it.
Fatty tuna?”
“Yes please!” Morgana says cheerfully, immediately forgetting his annoyance. He quickly
pastes his scowl back on as he makes a show of walking over to Akechi, Sumire, and Haru.
“Well, now that’s settled,” Futaba cracks her knuckles, “Let’s get back to that freaky hallway,
shall we?”
***
Akechi has to concede that having Morgana as an extra teammate has made things run far
smoother than normal.
He follows commands to the letter, if a little begrudgingly, and having someone to share both
the weight of navigation and the weight of healing has made the stress of a small team
dissipate, somewhat.
Convenient, since the stress of the palace hasn’t let up in the slightest.
Akechi had stalked down one of the paths without waiting to consult anyone about it, taking
the lane that looked like a haphazard tunnel of scrap metal over the direction that reminded
him a little too much of Shido’s cruiser.
It is disconcerting, to be in a place that looks half as though it is falling apart- or perhaps halfbuilt (Or damaged? At this point, Akechi isn’t sure). The discomfort only heightened by the
fact that the vacuum of space is supposedly the only thing that will greet them, should
something slip out of place.

Though, maybe the fact that none of this is technically real will carry them through such an
event. Akechi sincerely doubts this place is airtight to begin with.
Despite his willingness to cooperate, Morgana keeps giving him the side eye.
“We didn’t have to split up, you know.” He says, as the group wanders down a hall that
creaks and groans at an alarming volume. Akechi sends the walls a glare, as Haru regards
them cooly, and Sumire huddles a little closer to the centre of the group.
“I believe we did, actually.” Akechi snipes back.
Morgana grumbles under his breath, before sighing. “Is working with Joker really that bad?”
Akechi presses his lips together, “I didn’t think it would be.”
Haru steps over a stray sheet of metal, “I suppose it’s hard, when someone has broken your
trust.”
Sumire gives a short hum.
Morgana makes a face, “I get you can use that reasoning, Violet. But, Crow, didn’t you betray
Joker first?”
“It’s different.” Akechi says immediately.
“Why?”
“First off,” Akechi starts, “I think Joker is a moron, for whatever forgiveness shtick he has.
That’s his problem. But, it is still different. I betrayed you all in November because I couldn’t
bend from what I had to do. Joker wouldn’t, either, so we were at an impasse. All part of the
game.” He waves his hands in a showy arc, scoffing.
Morgana frowns, not looking entirely convinced, “…And with Maruki?”
“There shouldn’t have been a problem with Maruki.” Akechi spits, “We were on the same
page, and that was the point.” He grits his teeth, “Ren is the one that folded. One little threat,
and… we were so close.” He cuts himself off before he feels the urge to bite through his
tongue.
Sumire walks forward, brushing against his shoulder. She sends him a small, sympathetic
smile, a bit of melancholy around her eyes.
“So, you just think Joker is an idiot, full stop.” Morgana rolls his eyes, “Well, can’t argue
with that logic.” He mutters.
“Then don’t.” Akechi says snippily.
“Just- can’t you just talk to each other?” Morgana protests.
“A tired argument.” Akechi sneers. “Just drop it, will you? This isn’t getting anywhere.”

“You can’t try and resolve this at all?” Haru pushes gently.
“Joker already tried that.” Akechi says, “I found his attempt lacking.”
“When he ran after you, the other day?” Morgana tilts his head, “What did he say?”
“Something inane and sentimental.” Akechi says dryly, “I’m not interested in his apologies.
I’m not convinced he even means them.”
Sumire opens her mouth, and then clicks it shut. She swallows, and tries again, “I think… he
does mean them.” She frowns, looking conflicted, “But… I can’t tell if he’s sorry for the
choice or sorry for the aftermath.”
Morgana goes quiet, ears flattening against his head. “…I’m not sure, either.”
“Is this something you’ve discussed with him?” Haru asks quietly.
“Yeah.”
A beat. Then, a few more.
“Sometimes,” Akechi begins slowly, tongue heavy with the weight of a confession, “I can
look at Joker, and almost forget what he did. I can weigh one aspect against the other, and
pretend that everything good is worth more. But I don’t want to forget. I said that I’d never
forgive him, and that is a promise I intend to keep.”
Morgana doesn’t speak for a moment. “Right,” He says, walking a little faster to keep pace.
“Can you… try again?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “To what end?”
“I dunno.” Morgana kicks at the ground, “To what end are you gonna keep this up?”
Akechi doesn’t know.
Haru straightens out her back, “Well, for now, we have a solution.”
“Yeah…” Sumire hums, “…I guess we’ll join back up when the paths converge, again? Or
when we send the calling card.”
Akechi huffs under his breath. “Well. It can hardly go worse than our previous encounter
with a palace ruler.”
Morgana frowns, “Sugimura, huh?” He blinks, “Hey, wait! I thought you guys said that went
off without a hitch!”
“Um-!” Sumire squeaks, suddenly looking very embarrassed. Haru coughs delicately into her
hand.

“It hardly matters now that it’s said and done.” Akechi says primly, hoping to dismiss the
topic entirely.
“Nuh uh.” Morgana immediately protests, apparently hoping to present himself as a whiny
child, “I thought you guys were- I don’t know! Super competent!”
“We are!” Sumire insists, “But… unforeseen circumstances?” She offers weakly.
Akechi snorts, and resigns himself to a barrage of prying and mildly condescending
questions.
It is, he thinks, at the very least, a distraction from having to think about Ren any further.
***
With how quickly Akechi sped down the tunnel that looked like about five safety hazards
rolled into one, Ren would have almost thought that he’s a fan of scrap metal. And possibly
the vacuum of space.
Taking a second look at the remaining tunnel, however; Ren grimaces at the passing
similarity to Shido’s cruiser. He doesn’t particularly want to explore this place either.
Red carpet -the kind that has probably been in use a few decades too long- is placed overtop
of the once-smooth floors. Dirty wooden panelling slowly begins to replace the blue-grey
metal sheets, faded and musty.
Ren internally rescinds his past comparison to the cruiser of Pride. This corner of Okumura’s
cognition is far too run-down to compare.
“Okay…” Futaba hums from above, “By the looks of it, the other guys are just stuck with a
bunch of hallways. Boring stuff.”
“You’re keeping an eye on them?” Makoto asks.
“Uh, duh.” Futaba scoffs good-naturedly, “What kind of navi would I be if half our squad
died while I wasn’t paying attention?”
“That’s cool and all, but how’re we doing?” Ryuji speaks up, hands folded behind his head,
“Like, what’re we walkin’ into?”
“It kinda reminds me of some… I dunno.” Ann frowns as she looks around the hall, “A
museum, weirdly? Not like Madarame’s, or anything. Some kind of science museum?”
Yusuke tilts his head, humming, “I suppose that would fit with the theme.”
“Something like that.” Futaba agrees dismissively, “But watch out, we’re headed into some
kind of lobby, I think."
Sure enough, the hall funnels outwards. The room opens into a half-dome structure, split
down the middle by a receptionist’s desk, and two staircases that meet in the middle to lead to

a higher floor. Along the edges of the room, strange platforms projecting holographic
blueprints flicker and spark.
“Could’ve sworn those used to be earlier.” Ren mumbles to himself, jerking his head towards
the holograms.
“Well, the palace is all funky now.” Futaba says simply, “Got any idea what this is supposed
to represent, oh Time Traveller?”
“Not a clue.” Ren admits, shoving his hands in his pockets as he takes in the view, “This
entire place used to be a sweatshop factory with a sci-fi coat of paint.”
“I think the coat of paint stayed the same.” Makoto hums, “Though that doesn’t particularly
help us.”
“So, should we get to checking it out?” Ryuji asks, stretching out his arms, “There aren’t any
shadows here.”
“Can confirm.” Futaba chimes in, “Just a bunch of cognitions. The receptionist, some randos
milling about, and, hm.”
Ren narrows his eyes, “What’s up?”
“There’s… I think it’s another cognition? It’s a little further in. It feels kinda weird, though.”
“It’s simply a cognition though, right?” Yusuke tilts his head, “Should we be concerned?”
“Yes.” Ren says, “It’s like Oracle’s palace- the cognitions here are going to be a pain. Last
time, Okumura almost only threw cognitions at us.”
“Gotcha.” Futaba drawls, “On your guard, people! The scrubs in here don’t seem hostile,
though. I think the receptionist is just here to- well. Receive?”
“Should we talk to it, then?” Ann asks, “Ugh, it’ll be so nice to go through a palace where not
everything is trying to kill us.”
“Go ahead.” Ren says, “We can split up in pairs to case the room. Oracle, keep an eye on
everyone.”
“You got it! Inari, you’re with me! Bodyguard duty!” Futaba cheers, Necronomicon doing a
little spin.
Yusuke sighs, “I suppose that’s alright.”
“Skull! You’re with me!” Ann says brightly, “You can back me up if it gets dicey.”
“Fiiine.” Ryuji drawls, pouting, but not doing much to fight it.
Makoto huffs a laugh, before turning to Ren, “Where to, Joker?”

Ren tilts his head, “Check out the stairs, maybe? We won’t go past the door.”
Makoto nods, “Sounds good to me.”
They head up the stairs, none of the cognitions making any move to stop them. Behind them,
Ren can hear Ann start chatting up the receptionist, Ryuji occasionally chiming in.
As they reach the outcropping with a set of wooden double doors, Ren rolls out his shoulders,
“I’m surprised you were okay with us all splitting up.”
Makoto jumps, blinking in surprise, “Oh.” She starts, “Well- I had a conversation with Noir,
this afternoon.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.” She echoes, face pained, as she appears to try and find her words, “She suggested
that our groups are never going to really be able to work together. She talked about how that
doesn’t mean we can’t-” She huffs, like she thinks it’s absurd, “That we can’t work alongside
one another.”
Ren taps at the double doors idly, “I’m guessing you don’t agree?”
“I just don’t see the difference.” Makoto says primly.
Ren can’t pretend it doesn’t sting, to hear that Haru thinks their groups have no chance of
fully cooperating. He supposes they have found a work around, but how long will that last?
When the paths converge? Will their first real taste of teamwork be tested while they’re
trying to take down Okumura’s shadow? Ren doesn’t think that will be the best training
grounds.
“I guess it depends on the circumstances.” Ren offers.
Makoto makes a face, “You know, I never realised how much of a diplomat you were until
recently.”
Ren smiles in a way he hopes is charming, “Not a fan?”
“It just doesn’t seem like you.” Makoto narrows her eyes, and Ren feels a bit like he’s being
dissected, “You get along well with everyone, but you stood your ground when we all
questioned the company you keep. Now, though…”
Ren knows.
“I know.” He says, seeing no reason to be dodgy, “It’s- yeah.”
Makoto gives him another piercing look, “…You always seem to be on Crow’s side.”
Ren grimaces, “Not always.”

It’s true. True enough, at least. Ren thinks that before December, last time, they were both
more than willing to place the game, to place winning, above the other.
It didn’t feel much like winning in Shido’s palace.
He didn’t get any satisfaction from taking Maruki’s deal, either. No- then, Ren was desperate,
scrambling for anything that would give him what he wanted, more than willing to pay the
price.
He isn’t entirely sure if the feeling has faded. It twists his stomach and leaves a sour taste on
his tongue.
“Queen, I’ll be honest.” Ren laughs self-deprecatingly, “I have no idea what I’m doing.”
“I kind of gathered that by this point.” She says dryly.
“Gee, thanks.”
“That’s not-” Makoto frowns, “I mean, it’s not like I know what I’m doing, either.” She
laughs weakly, “I feel more out-of-touch than ever.”
Ren eyes the lobby below them, Yusuke and the looming form of Necronomicon flitting
between the holograms, Ann and Ryuji making a friend out of the cognition at the front desk.
“…At least no one seems too down.” Ren says.
“Which is exactly why I’m feeling out of touch.” Makoto deadpans. Ren snorts. “…I really
don’t see the point of working with them if this is the only way we can do it.” She says.
Ren shrugs. “It’s not like we could stop them from going into the palace. Especially not
Crow.”
Makoto huffs, “That’s-”
“And besides,” Ren continues, “What would they do, if we told them to get lost? Try and
clear Shido’s palace?” He takes a steadying breath, “Even if they got out of that all okay, it
would put us in a bad position, probably.”
Makoto rolls her eyes, “So we’re all stuck, just like we thought.”
Ren smiles wryly, “No way around it.”
Ren isn’t sure if he wants a way around it. Being backed into a corner sucks. Being trapped
on the one path isn’t great, either. But, still,
God, Ren wishes there was a way to rebuild the bridge between him and Akechi. The other
seems adamant on burning any scaffolding Ren lays, however.
…He should probably have learned his lesson about making wishes, at this point.

(If he could just fix thisDoes he have to force the issue? How?
He needs more than just the opportunity. But then what?)
Snapping himself out of his thoughts with a deep sigh, he turns his attention back to the door.
Not wanting to poke any wasps’ nests by opening the doors, he activates his third eye to try
and get a glimpse of anything glaringly important beyond the threshold.
Ren frowns, as he sees an outline of blue.
“Guys.” He shouts to the room, and the present thieves all turn their heads, “Anything
interesting?”
“Not really.” Futaba says, moving towards the raised outcropping as Ann, Ryuji, and Yusuke
climb the stairs, “The holograms just kind of look like blueprints for a bunch of space stuff.
Weirdly burger themed, too.”
“It is difficult to tell whether or not the blueprints are depicting past achievements or future
projects.” Yusuke adds.
“Oh, I think it’s both!” Ann chimes in, “The receptionist was going on about how this place
is dedicated to Lord Okumura’s legacy.” She drawls in a mocking tone.
“The cognition seemed kinda on-edge, though?” Ryuji says, “I dunno if it was just me,
though.”
“No, I got that too.” Ann quickly nods, “Like, whenever we got to talking about how well the
space station is doing, he got super defensive.”
“Was it a cognition of anyone in particular, do you think?” Makoto asks.
Ryuji shrugs, “Doubt it. Or, Okumura didn’t bother remembering the guy’s name. Or face.
It’s just some robot.”
“Checks out, I guess.” Futaba hums, “Well! I’ve got good news, anyway. I think I can get a
whiff of a safe room not too far beyond these here doors.”
“We should get a move on, then.” Ren gestures towards the door, “Anyone wanna do the
honours?”
Ann snorts, “Joker, if you want to be dramatic about it, just say so.”
Ren grins, “Well- I’d like to be dramatic, then.”
“Please, go ahead.” Yusuke frames Ren and the door with his fingers.
Ren laughs, and pushes the doors open with both hands, making sure he has a small run-up to
let his cloak fly behind him.

He loses most of the wind in his sails as he sees what his third eye was highlighting before.
Striding confidently through the halls is a robot Ren did not expect to encounter. Not quite as
robotic as all the others, a smart blazer and pencil skirt, and a helmet of pink metal shaped
into the fluffy locks of Haru Okumura; Ren blinks in shock.
Now this is very early.
“Uh, is that…?” Ann gapes.
“Looks like it.” Makoto grimaces.
Yusuke sighs, “He doesn’t see his daughter as human, then?”
“She looks… a little more human than the rest?” Ryuji offers, not sounding particularly
convinced.
Futaba makes a soft sound that doesn’t quite read as agreement.
The robot taps at the clipboard in her hands. She looks up, tilting her head as she catches
sight of the gaggle of thieves crowding the entry to the hallway.
She walks forward, “Are you here to see the museum?” She asks flatly.
Ren frowns, as another thread of his memory of this palace pulls loose.
This is different- not just where this cognition of Haru is appearing, but her entire shape and
demeanour. Last time the cognition had first appeared as the same, blue-skinned alien
Okumura’s shadow takes the form of, before having transformed into a destructive robot at
her father’s command.
The symbolism was fairly cut and dry. Now, with the original as a comparison, Ren has no
idea what this new version of Haru living in Okumura’s head is supposed to represent.
“There are several tours available.” The cognition continues, “A view of the majesty of
Okumura Foods is at your disposal, should you wish.”
Ren’s ears strain, as he can’t quite decipher the cognition’s tone. If he didn’t know any better,
he could almost interpret her words as sarcastic.
But, that can’t be, right? Okumura views his daughter as much a tool as he does his workers.
The man probably couldn’t comprehend the possibility that his daughter has snark within her
capability.
But, his palace is different. Ren presses his lips together in frustration.
“Uhh, y-yeah!” Ann chokes out, “We’d… totally love one of those… tours.”
“Excellent.” The cognition nods sharply, “You may register for one just ahead.” She gestures
to a desk protruding from the wall, the shimmering door to a saferoom just beyond, “I will be

your tour guide.”
Everyone exchanges a look. Ren clears his throat, “I guess we’d better go register then, huh?”
“…I suppose it’s the only way to proceed.” Makoto concedes.
Ren walks forward, and signs Joker on a list of names. The cognition nods approvingly,
quickly marking off the name in the same row.
“Well then.” The cognition bows stiffly, “Shall we begin?”

Chapter End Notes

Hi welcome to Apeture Scienc- I mean Okumura Foods
And a solution has been found! A bandaid solution, but a solution nonetheless! What's
that? Don't split the party? Well, that was always more a suggestion than a rule.
Okay sooo I have some fanart to share:
I forgot this last week because I'm an IDIOT and a FOOL and other such adjectivesChatlote on tumblr made a piece of the bmtrio aka the Akechi Protection Squad (I
should have named the arcana that smh HAHA) and it's AMAZING ty very very much
Lina <3- find it here!
Aaand next up is a series of peices by Poisned on tumblr based on scenes here and there
throughout the fic. hehehe these are hilarious I'm giggling at everyone's expressions so
much (especially Ren's lmao) find it here!
and finally- uhhh. so. apparently this has been around since January and I somehow
missed it HAHA whoops... Damn-joker on tumblr drew a scene of Classic Akechi
Behaviour and I'm cackling quite a bit LMAO- find it here!
and that's all i've got! go give them all some love <3 <3
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! Alas, no one ranks up... I remember like. months ago, when I said in the end
notes of some chapter or other that having No Rank Ups was highly irregular and would
probably never happen again. [looks at the last 10 or so chapters] idk how to break it to
my past self so I really hope no one invents time travel
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX

Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren: What's the counter on shitty cognitions?
Ann: Well, you saw the version of me in Kamoshida's palace...
Sumire: I think there was technically a cognition of me in Dr Maruki's palace for all of
two seconds before it got cut down by a shadow and I awakened my persona?
Haru: I'm two for two on horrible cognitions in palaces, it seems.
Akechi: I got murdered by mine.
Haru: We'll call it even.

Chapter 60
Chapter Summary

Cognitions, festivals, and dreams.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After a quick pitstop in the saferoom, Ren leads the thieves to follow the cognitive Haru
through the… tour.
Ren has no idea what this is supposed to consist of. He’d almost prefer the airlock puzzles, if
it meant knowing where they stand with the cognitions of this place.
“Uh, were cognitions this… friendly? Last time?” Ann asks in a whisper.
Ren shakes his head, “Not in the slightest.”
“Guess it means we can avoid a fight?” Ryuji suggests, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Hopefully.” Futaba calls from above. Necronomicon dissipates, and she drops back to the
floor, “Unless we piss her off, I guess.”
“Then we won’t do that.” Makoto says simply.
“Welcome to the grand tour of the Okumura Foods empire.” The cognitive Haru interrupts,
gesturing broadly as they enter a large room, an enormous bay window on one end, the view
opening to the expanse of space. Along the edges, pedestals with glass casing hold various
objects, lengthy plaques to the sides of each.
“Okumura Foods began as a humble satellite, launched by the late father of Lord Okumura.”
The cognition walks crisply, striding past several of the smaller exhibits, Ren and the others
trailing behind, “Small, but unsuccessful. It was the current Lord’s expertise that allowed for
this empire to truly raise off the ground.”
“So this tour will be spoken largely in metaphors, then.” Yusuke sighs.
“She calls her dad Lord?” Ann makes a face.
Makoto frowns, “Doesn’t something seem off, to you?”
Ren shrugs. The distinction between off as in ‘Okumura is an asshole’ and off as in
‘Something isn’t adding up’ is blurry at the best of times.

The cognition pauses at a pedestal, presenting a UFO in the shape of a burger bun, “In a fit of
genius, Lord Okumura devised Big Bang Burger, rapidly expanding the satellite into the
famed spaceport renowned today, a beacon of industry.”
“Well, at least Mr. CEO knows how to keep a brand recognisable…?” Futaba offers,
sounding unenthused.
The cognitive Haru moves to the next pedestals, gesturing to a sheet of paper that looks like a
contract, a page of schematics, and small-scale model of the entire palace, “Okumura Foods
continued to expand, brokering intelligent deals among the powerful, the sheer potential of
the empire bending allies to the Lord’s whims.”
“Layin’ it on a little thick, don’t ’cha think?” Ryuji mumbles.
Next, holographic dioramas of unfamiliar spaceships and stations, all derelict and crumbling.
“Business competitors were swiftly crushed under the Lord’s heel, past deals coming to call
as even the mysterious attack dog of Lord Okumura’s most powerful ally came to do his
work.”
Ren grimaces. Ann gives a small gasp, “Oh, is she talking about-?”
“Looks like it…” Makoto presses her lips together as they continue forward.
“Today, Okumura Foods stands as a monolith,” The cognition waves her arm in a grand arc,
“A testament to the efforts of our leader. And now, for the future,”
Ryuji groans, “There’s more?”
Yusuke sighs, “This really is a bit much.”
“We did sign up for this.” Futaba points out, not sounding particularly thrilled, “Maybe we
shoulda checked if there was an express tour.”
“Probably.” Ren agrees, boredom starting to overtake his nerves.
The cognitive Haru pays their complaining no mind, “Okumura Foods plans to tread a new
frontier- the realm of politics, and new strides in scientific advancement.”
Yusuke straightens up, “Oh, this might be…?”
“Is Okumura into science?” Futaba asks, confused, “Like, beyond his weird space obsession?
I can’t tell if that’s just part of the distortion or not.”
Ren frowns, “I don’t remember there being anything significant, last time. But there was
never any mention of this either.”
“Success breeds jealousy,” The cognition states, walking past even more exhibits, “And it
wasn’t long before Lord Okumura’s partners became his opponents. Many have seen
Okumura Foods’ riches and power- deals have been retracted, sabotage runs rampant; thieves

and assassins, all controlled by the Lord’s enemy in politics, each stake their claim on the
empire’s domain.”
“Oookay.” Ann blows a raspberry, “Well, at least we know what’s running through this guy’s
head…”
“Such paranoia…” Yusuke comments.
“I mean, it’s not like he’s wrong.” Futaba chimes in, “He’s just not totally right, either.”
“Is this why half the palace looks like it’s falling apart?” Ryuji asks, “They kinda glossed
over it in our little tour here.”
“She mentioned sabotage.” Makoto points out, “I wonder how far that thought goes…?”
Ren narrows his eyes. Is Okumura suspicious of his employees? …Is he suspicious of Haru?
Something has been slightly off about this cognition that he can’t quite put his finger on. No
longer does Okumura see his daughter as an unfailingly loyal tool to be kept at his right hand;
rather, now she plays the role of tour guide, an encyclopedia of company knowledge with an
unreadable face and tone.
Ren wonders how closely guarded the knowledge of Haru’s engagement was. He hadn’t
considered it, since Haru had offered the information freely when she first joined the
Phantom Thieves last time.
Ren kind of wishes that Haru was here to answer that kind of question, but alas.
“Lord Okumura’s greatest opponent seeks to destroy the grand empire he has built,” The
cognition declares, “Relying on cheap magic tricks and pseudo sciences to gain the upper
hand. But Okumura Foods’ enemy would be foolish to believe he is the only one with access
to such knowledge. If it is but another frontier to be explored, then Lord Okumura shall step
beyond without hesitation.”
Futaba splutters, nearly tripping over her own feet, “Hey- whoa whoa whoa, is this trying to
say Okumura wants to get into cognitive psience stuff?”
“Pseudo sciences…” Makoto echoes, “It doesn’t sound like he’s particularly convinced by the
idea.”
Ren frowns, considering this, “I’m not sure. He’s probably heard of it. Especially if even
someone like your sister has.” He nods to Makoto.
Ann tilts her head, “Sooo… is he interested or not?”
“It would be difficult to break ground in something that is, effectively, a dead field.” Yusuke
points out, “Doubly so, if he doubts its validity.”
“We’re only getting this information from a figment of a figment of Okumura’s imagination.”
Makoto reminds them, “This could be a passing thought.”

“Yeah, but it’s big enough to show up in his distortion, at least partially.” Futaba counters.
“Yeah, and so are weird doors and random secretary people.” Ryuji points out, “Couldn’t this
mean anythin’?”
“We don’t know.” Ren concludes, “We don’t have enough information just from this. If he is
trying to get into cognitive psience research, he’s probably looking for another avenue of
mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns since he’s on the outs with Shido-”
There’s a soft chuckle.
Ren blinks at the cognition, who delicately covers her mouth as she laughs shortly under her
breath.
“…Is something the matter?” Makoto asks, looking on-edge.
“Nothing at all.” The cognition reverts to her previous posture, neutrality in place once more.
“Oookay.” Futaba makes a face, “Cool. We’ll… get back to that. Uhm, is the tour over?”
The cognition nods, “Indeed. More, of course, is to come in the future.”
“Yeah, we’ll… come back for that.” Ann mumbles.
“Uh, there’s another safe room not too far past here.” Futaba says, “So… are we free to go?”
The cognitive Haru gives a short bow, “Right this way.”
“We’ll head back to the entrance.” Ren decides, as the cognition takes point, “I think we’ve
made enough progress today.”
“Agreed.” Futaba says, sounding exhausted, “Looks like the B squad made it to another safe
room, too. No funky encounters for them, by the looks of it. I’ll tell Mona that they should
head back.”
“Good.” Ren hums, pushing open the door to the safe room, the rest of the team spilling in,
“We’ll fill the others in on what happened today when we get the chance.”
***
“A cognition of me?” Haru sighs.
Sumire fidgets her hands together, sitting in the student council room with the other Shujinattending thieves the next day, Makoto flitting around the edges of the room, placing three
boxes on the centre table.
“Yeah.” Ren says, twisting his fringe through his fingers.
“It was really shitty.” Ryuji says through a mouthful of rice. Ann elbows him, and he
splutters, “Hey!”

Haru giggles, some mirth returning to her face, “It’s alright. I know that…” Her features pull
a bit tight, “I know.”
“We haven’t made much progress beyond that.” Makoto explains, finally taking a seat and
stapling her fingers together, “How about you?”
Sumire shrugs, “There wasn’t much progress to make, honestly. It was… a lot of the same.”
“Well,” Futaba’s voice chirps through the speakers of Ren’s phone, “I can’t tell how much
longer the paths are going to be separated, or if only one of them will lead to the treasure. So,
buckle up, folks!”
Morgana huffs, “Yeah, yeah.” He turns to Sumire and Haru, “I guess we’ll… fill Akechi in,
next we infiltrate the palace.”
“This afternoon, you mean.” Ren says, scratching behind Morgana’s ears.
“Yeah. That.” Morgana agrees, while clearly pretending not to enjoy the pets.
“First, though,” Makoto interrupts, “I asked you all here so you could help me out.”
“For what…?” Ann asks, eyeing the three boxes on the table with a suspicious frown.
“The school festival.” Makoto says, prying open the boxes’ lids, fishing out a small sheet of
paper, “There was a vote to determine who we’ll try to invite to the panel we do every year,
and there’s a lot to tally.”
“Oh, yeah.” Ren shoots the boxes a look, “I remember this.”
“That’s still so weird dude.” Ryuji mutters.
Makoto raises an eyebrow, “Oh? Care to spare us some time and tell us what the outcome
is?”
Ren shrugs, pushing his glasses up his nose, “It was Akechi. But, that was right after
everyone thought we killed Okumura, so everyone was pretty thrilled about the idea of him.
Now, public opinion is still pretty split.”
Ann groans, and flops forward on the table, “So we’ve still gotta count them?”
Futaba cackles through the receiver, “Sucks to be you guys!”
“It’s not that many.” Sumire says, perhaps a little too charitably. The boxes really are quite
full.
“The sooner we start counting, the sooner we’ll be finished.” Haru says, not quite in
agreement. She fishes a vote out of the closest box, and tilts her head curiously, “My. This
one just says: ‘Phantom Thieves’.”

Makoto breathes out a long-suffering sigh, “I… really hope they won’t all be like that. It
would be such a waste of time.”
“Not necessarily.” Ren grins- the one Sumire knows as ‘trouble’, “We’re right here, after all.
We wouldn’t even need to pay anyone.”
“Hey, good point, dude!” Ryuji claps Ren on the back. He pauses, “…I mean. We could still
get paid though, right?”
Morgana looks seconds from clawing holes in everyone’s clothes, “Don’t be stupid! There’s
no way we can give an interview!”
“Yeah, Ryuji.” Ann snipes. She tilts her head, “Though, Mona, how would you join in on the
interview? I guess we’d have to translate?”
“Not you too…” Morgana whines, as Makoto pinches the bridge of her nose.
“Please. Can we please get this done.” She begs.
After that, beyond a few other conversational detours, the votes are all quickly counted.
Sumire frowns at the results.
“A pretty even split.” Ren observes.
“Quite.” Haru hums, “Does this mean that Goro-kun and the Phantom Thieves are equally
popular, at this point?”
“Kind of concerning, since we haven’t even done anything yet.” Futaba grumbles.
“People are starting to get impatient.” Makoto says simply, “If anything, it could work in our
favour. I hope.” She adds, “They could also be asking for Akechi to appear so they may…
express their grievances. We can’t be sure. Either way, we can hardly invite the Phantom
Thieves of Hearts to give a panel, so I suppose we’ll have to ask Akechi if he’s willing.”
Several heads turn to either look at Sumire or Haru, while Morgana turns to look at Ren, who
pointedly ignores him.
Sumire slowly reaches for her phone, “…Right now?”
Ann blinks, “I guess? Why not, right?”
“He might be busy.” Haru warns.
“Then someone can just text him, or whatever.” Ryuji waves a hand.
Sumire shrugs, and dials Goro’s number. It only takes two rings for him to pick up.
“Sumire?” Goro’s voice comes through.

“Um, hi!” Sumire says, suddenly feeling very awkward about having a phone call with an
audience. “I hope you weren’t busy…?”
“I was.” Goro says, with a bite that Sumire has learned not to take seriously, “But since it’s
you, I suppose I’ll make the time.”
Sumire tries not to feel too happy about that comment, but still finds herself giggling in
response, “Well, thank you. Um, I needed to ask you something. Most of us are here- can I
put you on speakerphone?”
“Go ahead.”
Sumire clicks the button, and places her phone on the table, “So, there’s a panel for Shujin’s
school festival, and-”
“Absolutely not.” Goro cuts her off.
Makoto makes a face, “Might I ask why?”
“Simply put, I have no reason to. It doesn’t benefit anyone, least of all us.” Goro explains,
“Last time I agreed to come because I used it as an opportunity to blackmail you all. You
invited me since you were trying to fish for information. Since that is no longer needed,
neither is my presence at your festival.”
Ann pouts, “So you’re just gonna leave us floundering for another guest? The other vote was
for the Phantom Thieves, you know!”
“I hear there is an abundance of those at Shujin.”
“Get serious!” Morgana complains.
“That aside,” Makoto sighs, “We genuinely don’t have another option. All the other votes are
for people who definitely won’t tolerate an unprofessional panel at a high school festival.”
“It’s mostly singers and idols.” Haru comments, idly picking up a handful of the small strips
of voting paper, “…I think there are some fictional characters here, too.”
Goro huffs, “Just cancel the panel, honestly. It would be a major risk for me to give a talk
similar to last time while public opinion is still so nebulous.”
“Don’t risk it, if you think it’s a bad idea.” Ren chimes in quietly.
“That’s what I’m doing, genius.” Goro scoffs, and Ren’s lips twitch up.
“So, if you won’t give a panel…” Sumire fiddles with her glasses, “Will you come to the
festival, anyway?”
There’s a very pointed pause. “Sumire.”
“Come on!” Ann cheers, “It’ll be fun!”

“Didn’t I just say that it’s ill-advised for me to-”
“I don’t know…” Haru hums, tapping her chin performatively, “It’s not as though you would
have to pander to any audience expectations, whatever they may be. You would just be
spending time with us. The festival will likely be rife with people gossiping in the halls, too.”
Goro’s answering sigh is defeated, “Are you truly that desperate for my company?”
“Please?” Sumire pushes one last time, unable to keep the triumphant grin out of her voice.
There’s a scoff, “Fine. I’ll be lying low, though. Don’t expect me to stick around the whole
time, either.”
“That’s all we could have hoped for!” Ann declares brightly.
Ryuji snickers, apparently having enjoyed the show, “See you there, dude.”
Goro hangs up after an irritated click of the tongue, and a clipped, “See you in the palace.”
The dial tone beeping loudly throughout the room.
Sumire tucks her phone away, as Makoto frowns wearily at the spread of shredded paper over
the table.
“…I guess I’ll-” Her expression becomes pained, “Try, to explain to the student council that
the panel is cancelled. Or get a teacher to do a speech or something.”
“You’ll figure it out.” Futaba’s voice crackles, unsympathetic, and Makoto groans into her
hands.
***
To say that infiltrating her father’s palace is uncomfortable is not entirely accurate.
To use a stronger descriptor, (disgusting, revolting, utterly horrendous) doesn’t quite capture
the feeling, either. Such thoughts are far too intense.
No, what Noir feels as she surveys the dilapidated remains of the spaceport that orbits in her
father’s head is far closer to resigned curiosity than anything else. A detached itch that begs
to be scratched, smeared with apathy and buried under the weight of the task at hand.
“This place used to be just a factory, right?” Mona asks, filling the silence as they trek
onwards, “I wonder if some of that’s still the same.”
“Probably, right?” Violet muses, tapping her finger against her chin, “I don’t think that
Sugimura’s change of heart would have changed how he thinks of his workers.”
“No…” Noir agrees, “According to the others, though, he seems suspicious of those close to
him.” Suspicious of her, apparently. She isn’t sure how to feel about that. Though she
supposes her father isn’t wrong, exactly.

“I suppose we’ll find out whether that extends to the rank-and-file employees as we
progress.” Crow remarks.
Noir supposes they will.
There’s a part of her that wishes she could have seen the cognition of her. Just to see- just to
understand exactly what it is her father thinks of her. Though, by the sounds of it, the
cognition is difficult to read.
The other part of her is infinitely grateful that she hasn’t seen it. But, she’s sure that this grace
afforded to her won’t last forever.
They move forward, taking down shadows with ruthless efficiency as they do. Having Mona
as a secondary healer makes Noir realise just how stretched thin Violet had been before; now
that she’s free to attack as she pleases, shadows fall with alarming speed at her blades.
“Hello.” Crow says pleasantly during one battle, after the last shadow has been knocked
down, “I have a deal for you.”
“What?!” The shadow, a woman in a white dress with devil’s wings, shrieks, “You shot me!
Why would I accept a deal from you?!”
“It seems-” Mona cuts himself off as Violet starts to speak her advice at the same time.
“…It seems kind of irritable.” Violet continues, after Mona gives her a gentlemanly nod to go
ahead. She laughs, “I think you’d get along if you just be yourself!”
Crow scowls at her, eliciting another giggle, and turns back to the shadow, “How about this?
Listen to my deal, and I won’t shoot you again.”
“Ooooh woooow, you’re so scary!” The shadow drawls, snickering, “I guess that’s not bad,
but can’t you sweeten the deal?”
Noir lifts her grenade launcher a little higher, “I’d be careful, if I were you. You’re in no
position to make demands.”
The shadow scoffs, her laughter dissipating, “Geez! What is everyone’s problem, today!”
“You’re in our way.” Crow says flatly, “Surely you can appreciate how generous we’re being.
You can even make yourself useful by joining me.”
The shadow tilts her head, “Wow, you’re kind of an asshole. You kind of remind me of- oh, I
remember now!” The shadow flies back up, facing Crow with a smile, “My name is Lilim,
and I’m from the sea of mankind’s hearts! I’ll become your mask, so use me well!”
Lilim transforms into lights, flickering between the shapes of Crow’s masks, before flying
forward. Crow grimaces as the light disperses, not nearly as pained as Noir remembers this
process having been in the past, though he still looks to be shaking off a mild headache.
“…Huh.” Mona blinks, “You really are just like Joker.”

Crow makes a face, “Sure.”
“Anything good on that one?” Violet asks, peering at Crow’s mask as though she can still see
the outline of the persona.
Crow shakes his head, “Not particularly. She’s too weak to hold a candle to Robin or Loki.
Atropos, at the very least, has some useful support skills to counter the power gap.” He
shrugs, “I suppose I’ll fuse it into something later.”
Eventually, the scenery starts to shift.
“Ah, now here’s something familiar.” Crow hums, as the hallways propped up with
scaffolding and what Noir can only assume is magic, opens into a far more open expanse.
Conveyer belts and production lines, manned by cognitive robots that flail about in a panic,
robotic shadows patrolling the paths.
Noir narrows her eyes at the sight.
“…Are you alright, Noir?” Mona speaks up, catching a glimpse of her expression.
Noir blinks, “Oh! Oh, I’m alright. I suppose I’m just…” She frowns at the sight again,
“Not… surprised, at this, but…”
“…It’s still not great to see?” Violet guesses, a sympathetic smile on her face.
Noir readjusts her hat, contemplative, “Not quite? Yes, but I think it’s more…” She sighs, “I
had been so caught up in my own problems, that I stopped thinking about everything else my
father has done. It all seemed so… distant, while I had other things on my plate.”
Crow hums, staring out at the view, “You were busy.”
Noir laughs, “That’s very kind of you.” She remarks, “It’s just I’ve had a lot of reasons to feel
I’m being selfish, of late.”
“It’s not your fault!” Mona insists, “Your fiancé sounded terrible- it’s not selfish to help
yourself!”
Violet nods enthusiastically in agreement, “And besides, we’re doing something about it now,
aren’t we?”
Haru feels her smile grow wider, “Thank you Mona, Violet.” She takes a deep breath, “Shall
we continue?”
Crow nods, “If we’re ready.”
Making progress through this section of the palace is largely a matter of stealth. Alerting one
cognition or shadow would mean alerting far more- not an impossible fight, given their
group’s strength, but not a pleasant one.
“Maybe those airlock puzzles are still intact, if this is all the same…” Violet muses.

“What was so bad about the airlock puzzles!?” Mona yells, “I swear, Joker shudders every
time they come up!”
“They’re just annoying.” Crow explains with a disinterested shrug, “It’s hardly important
anyway- look.”
He points, and at the end of the path is a saferoom, as well as two other hallways. One,
sporting a familiar weathered wood and musty carpet, the other retaining the space factory
aesthetic, though looking a tad more put-together than the path prior.
“Have the paths converged?” Noir asks, walking forward to peer down the other hall.
“Looks like it.” Mona nods, “I don’t think the others are here just yet, though. Should we
wait in the safe room?”
“That’s fine.” Crow nods, “We’ll probably leave the palace once they arrive, anyway.”
Noir and Violet give their agreements, and the four of them file into the saferoom, taking
seats around the table.
“How much further do you think we have to go?” Violet asks, looking between Crow and
Mona.
Mona hums contemplatively, tilting his head, “I’d say… not that far? We could probably
secure the route in one more infiltration.”
“Robin agrees.” Crow says with a nod. He sighs, “It looks like we’ll be teaming up for this
last stretch.”
Mona narrows his eyes, “Are you gonna be a problem?”
Crow scoffs, “I’ll reign it in.”
“Hopefully it won’t be too long between here and the treasure…” Violet murmurs, sounding
wary.
“Speaking of,” Mona perks back up, “How soon after the change of heart are we gonna fake
Okumura’s death?”
“I’d like to organise it as soon as it takes effect, honestly.” Noir speaks up, “I’d rather not
strain the limits of what little time we have.”
“That’s good, I think.” Violet nods, “I’m sure everyone else will agree too.”
“I suppose that makes the real question how much breathing room we’re going to give the
public before we make a move after that…” Noir hums.
“Faking my death serves as something of a replacement for faking Joker’s,” Crow begins,
“But I believe waiting for late November would be pushing it. I think we should, at the very
least, loop Sae-san in first before we make any big moves like that.”

Violet nods, before frowning, “What do you think Shido will do, once you’re presumed
dead?”
“Who knows?” Crow shrugs, carefully unaffected, “We’ll have to stay on our toes.”
Noir leans back, and looks at the ceiling of the safe room, “We will.”
She can only hope everything goes to plan.
***
The infiltration ends, without much fanfare, as Ren’s half of the thieves arrives at the safe
room where the two paths have converged; Akechi, Sumire, Haru, and Morgana catching
everyone up on their discussions and musings.
It’s easy, if not a little tense, everyone avoiding the elephant in the room of the groups having
to rejoin again- leading two separate infiltrations down the same hallway seems like a recipe
for confusion more than anything else, in Ren’s opinion.
But that’s a problem for tomorrow, as they all agree to call it a day.
(It’s always a problem for later-)
With that weight on his shoulders, Ren falls into a restless sleep.
There isn’t a transition, anymore. Nothing of the sort- the barrier between memory in both
dreams and waking has faded entirely, leaving only the slight disorientation of existing in a
space that isn’t entirely real.
That, and the utter confusion of Ren having no idea what he’s doing here.
“Hello?” Ren calls to the visage of a nondescript Mementos tunnel- a sight he’s seen more
than once in these dreams. But Ren had assumed with hindsight that those were his
subconscious, the persistent nag of his lost memories beneath the rubble, trying to break free.
So there is absolutely no reason for him to be here now.
Not to mention“Well, look who decided to show up.” Crow- no, Metatron’s voice snarks, and Ren whirls
around, taking in the sight of his Justice-bound persona and Aeon arcana, back to wearing
Akechi’s likeness.
Ren blinks, “Did- did I fuck up again, or something?” His mind races for an explanation,
“What-?” He gestures helplessly as he can’t find his words.
Metatron rolls his eyes, removing his helmet and running a hand through his hair, “I needed
to talk with you. It’s hard to do, when I’m in the same space as all your other personas. Only
our strongest emotions and words can reach you from there- otherwise you’d be
overwhelmed, no doubt.”

Ren can’t help the way his lips quirk up, “So you decided to find a loophole?”
“It’s hardly a loophole if there are no rules against it.” Metatron says with a scoff.
Ren laughs, and shoves his hands in his pockets, “So? What did you want to talk about?”
Something low-stakes, Ren hopes. Though he isn’t so naïve to assume that’s the case.
Metatron tilts his head, narrowing his eyes, “You know,” He starts, a little too intense to be
conversational, “I suppose I didn’t have high hopes of what you would do, once you
remembered what you had forgotten.”
Ren feels like that’s probably an insult. He frowns, “…Yeah?”
A sigh, “I’m telling you that you’re being pathetic.” Metatron grits.
Ren scowls, “About what? I’m trying- we have a plan to make sure everything else turns out
fine. What more do you need?”
“Ah, yes, your plan.” Metatron says with derision, “How well is that working out for you?”
“We haven’t run into any problems yet.” Ren glares.
“Haven’t you?” Metatron counters, “Isn’t your team falling apart at the seams? You’ve
gotten away with it, for now, but how long is that going to last?”
Ren bites at his lip, “It’s not like that’s something I can-” He cuts himself off, thinking of
declarations of hatred and meaningful glares, arcana still off-kilter, “I’m giving him space.”
Ren says quietly, knowing Metatron will understand what he’s referring to.
“Are you, now?” Metatron says, sounding more tired than accusatory. He sighs, “Tell me,
Joker, how well has ‘giving Goro Akechi space’ worked out for you in the past?”
Ren opens his mouth, confident answer on the tip of his tongue,
And clicks his jaw shut.
“Are you going to sit around and wait for him to make a move?” Metatron drawls, “Do you
think he ever will?”
Ren swallows, “I thought you were mad at me for everything, too.”
“Oh, I am.” Metatron sneers, “But you forget what I represent. I don’t get to pick and
choose; everything that built the Justice is a part of me.”
“Right.” Ren murmurs, rolling his lips together.
Ren considers this. He had figured, for many reasons, including but not limited to the sword
that had been quickly pressed to his throat the moment that he and Akechi had regained their
memories of the previous timeline, that pushing his luck would be nothing but ill-advised.
He’s already pushed it quite a bit, in fact, and Ren is certain he’ll get burned if he keeps at it.

But, even so,
Such a risk had never stopped him before, so why the hell is he letting it stop him now?
Metatron must see something in his face, as the persona grins, “Well, look at that. We get
along so well when you listen to me.”
Ren rolls his eyes, “Feels like that should be a two-way street.”
“You’re an idiot, though.” Metatron hums, bursting into a cackle as Ren scowls at him.
“Yeah, yeah.” Ren mumbles, “I- yeah. I get what you’re saying.”
Ren would rather be six feet under than let his relationship with Akechi die in such a
miserable fashion; fraying away thread by thread and dunked in bitter resentment. If two
murder attempts and a foundation of lies and games didn’t sour it, then Ren will make sure
this won’t, either.
So, he just has to fix it. Really fix it.
“I’m glad you understand.” Metatron straightens up, sounding almost genuine.
Ren tugs himself out of his thoughts -as much as he can, in a dream- and twists his fringe
between his fingers, “Any advice?”
“For repairing the relationship you fucked up?” Metatron raises an eyebrow, “Not at all.”
Ren takes a deep breath, “That seems uncharitable.” Akechi is the one refusing to give Ren
an inch.
“Allow me to rephrase, then.” Metatron gives a cheerful little shrug, “I am thou, thou art I,
and I have no idea. Good luck, Joker.”
And Ren wakes up.
He drags a hand down his face with a muffled groan.
He should ask Ann for help.

Chapter End Notes

Hi there, Metatron. Good to see you're as relatively unhelpful as ever HAHAHA
This chapter is fairly short, unfortunately, but the next ones are a bit longer (averaging 67k rather than barely over 5). Honestly, I've been debating in my head whether I should
cut back to one update a fortnight; not because I'm writing less, but because I want to
make these chapters longer (if this fic ends up over 100 chapters, i dunno what I'll do

LMAO)
But, at the same time, I do enjoy getting to kick a bunch of paragraphs your way each
week. Sooo I think I'll hold off on deciding for a bit. Then again, I may need to cut back
at the start of August with none of the Longer Chapter benefits once the 'ol Spring
session starts, so time will tell lmao.
(also, shuake week is coming up! I have... at least one fic lined up for that, + some art
and a comic, but I'm hoping to get some more stuff done for it too- so keep an eye out, I
guess? ...I might be late with the comic lmao it's ten pages and I'm shooting myself in
the foot)
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! Aaaand still no rank ups. womp womp. I swear there's a series of chapters
where- well. actually I seem to only be able to recall two different rank ups in the
coming chapters- but I swear I'm about to write some more! ...blame the other characters
for being so important in a plot way and not a character way HAHA
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren: Y'know, people complain to me that I never spend time with them once I max their
confidant, but SOME of them just dissapear off the face of the earth. Hardly my fault,
really.

Metatron: hey
Ren: Fuck, my excuses-

Chapter 61
Chapter Summary

Seeking advice, seeking information, and calling cards.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After throwing on the first clothes he can find, begging Morgana to spend time with Futaba,
and calling Ann to meet him in Shibuya, Ren steels himself.
“Hey!” Ann sings, as she waves with her entire shoulder when she spots Ren. She’s already
standing in line for the crêpe store on Central street, and Ren grimaces a half-hearted apology
to the person behind her as he cuts in line at her side.
“Hey.” He huffs in response.
“Soooo,” She drawls, and lowers her voice, “What’s up? We’re going to the palace today,
yeah?”
“Yeah.” Ren confirms, “Hopefully we can secure the route today. Morgana thinks we can.”
Ann puffs out her cheeks, “Jeez, I hope so. Every second we’re not in the palace, I get this
really guilty feeling like we should be making progress at all times.” She idly scans the menu,
like she hasn’t got it memorised, “Like procrastinating for a school assignment, y’know?”
Ren snorts, “Sure.” He rubs the back of his neck, “But, uh, that wasn’t what I wanted to talk
about.”
Ann raises her eyebrows, “Oh?” She says, in her spill the tea voice.
“I wanted to ask about-” Ren coughs around the sudden lump in his throat, “I- have you
ever-?”
Ann raises an eyebrow, “Have I ever what?”
Ren wonders if he should have asked someone else for help. “I need your advice.” He settles
on.
Ann’s eyes widen with curious excitement, “Ooooh, what about?”
“Akechi.” Ren bites at his lip.
Ann blinks, “Oh… oh!” She shakes Ren’s shoulder.

“What?” He splutters.
Ann laughs, “God, I am so glad you came to me. Watching you two was torture.”
“Does this mean you have a perfect solution at the ready for me?” Ren asks, perhaps a little
too hopeful.
Ann tugs at her hair, “Um… Maybe?”
Ren feels that fleeting hope shrivel and die with a pathetic little puff, “…What do you have?”
Ann laughs awkwardly, ducking her head down, “Ren, I’m gonna be honest, I’ve never dated
anyone before.”
Ren blinks. “Neither have I.”
“Wait, what?” Ann whirls around to give him a look, “But- I thought- Akechi?”
Ren tugs on his fringe, kind of wishing the floor would swallow him, “We weren’t dating, we
were just…” something. Like he knows.
Ann blinks away some of her blatant bewilderment, opening her mouth to respond before
flinching as the server calls for her to order. She quickly mumbles out an order, Ren doing the
same, and they shuffle to the side to wait.
“You seriously weren’t dating?” Ann eventually finds her words again.
“Nope.” Ren says with a pop, rocking on his heels, “I honestly don’t know where you got
that idea from.”
“Well- I thought-! Even before all the time travel stuff, I thought there was something going
on with you guys!” Ann stumbles over her words in a rush.
“Oh.” Ren says, intelligently.
“And then after we figured out- everything,” She continues, waving a hand, “Like- Ren, you
ended the world for him.”
“Yeah.”
“That’s intense.”
“Yeah.” Ren agrees.
“And the way the two of you act- I dunno, Ren!” Ann groans, “Can you blame me?”
Ren, despite his embarrassment, feels a grin pulling at his lips, “I think you figured it out
before I did, Ann.”
Ann snorts, “Wow, you’re really bad at this.” She tilts her head, “…Like are you sure you
weren’t in, like, some weird undefined thing where you didn’t call it dating but you kind of

were?”
Ren opens his mouth, closes it. “…Maybe?”
Ann’s eyes glimmer with interest, “Did you kiss?”
Ren wishes. “No.”
Ann blows a raspberry, “Well, shows what I know.” She sighs, “What do you need my help
for, anyway?”
Ren shrugs, “You’re good with people.”
Ann looks mildly taken aback, “Oh.” She looks down, and bites at her lip, a hint of a smile at
the edges, “Thanks.”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, feeling the embarrassment creeping back in, “No problem.”
Ann perks back up, “Well, in that case! Let’s talk it out! What are you trying to do?”
Perform a miracle. “…Try and patch things up with me and Akechi, mostly.” Ren admits, and
laughs weakly, “I- I know I messed up, I just don’t know how to…”
Ann nods brightly, looking entirely too cheerful against Ren’s worsening mood, “Okay…
have you tried talking to him at all?”
“Once.” Ren counts. He tilts his head, “Three times, if you count when I took him aside in
Okumura’s palace. And if you count when he nearly killed me.”
“Okay…” Ann says, the word sounding far more exasperated this time, “…Have you thought
about… I dunno, trying to be a little more proactive…?”
A huffed laugh escapes Ren’s lips, “I’m asking you for help, aren’t I? And yes,” He quickly
adds, at Ann’s unimpressed look, “I do want to talk to him. I am going to talk to him. I just- I
don’t know why I had it in my head that you were some master of- romance?”
Ann snickers, “You sound so unsure that that’s the word you’re looking for.” She teases.
“Well…” Ren grimaces, “It’s not- stuff like that wasn’t really… us, I guess. It didn’t have to
be. Not explicitly, at least.”
Ann’s grin softens into a smaller smile, “…That’s kind of sweet, you know?”
“Thanks?”
“I mean it.” She elbows him, “I can tell how much you care.”
Ren shrugs, “Yeah.” He swallows, “I just don’t know how to…”
“Make it so Akechi knows it?” Ann guesses.

Ren shakes his head, directing his stare at the ground, “No. I don’t know how to promise to
him that how much I care isn’t going to turn him into another puppet.”
Ann’s lips part in a little ‘o’, “…Right.” She looks away, and frowns, “…I don’t really know,
Ren.”
Ren laughs a little, “That’s fine. It makes two of us.”
Ann looks towards the counter, shuffling her feet as she continues to wait. She nudges him,
“Just talk to him.”
Ren huffs a laugh. “I will.”
***
Even despite his new resolve, Ren knows that Rome wasn’t built in a day.
It also doesn’t help when Rome in this context is actively fighting against his attempts at
construction (which Ren supposes is fair- he is the one who burnt Rome down in the first
place), and is making life all around more difficult for everyone involved.
This to say, that Ren knows his best smile isn’t going to sway Akechi to play along now that
they’ll be entering a part of the palace where they have to work together.
However, his smile has historically worked on people who aren’t Akechi, so he’ll try his luck
elsewhere.
It takes two rings for Sumire to pick up, as Ren calls her not long after he finishes his crêpe
with Ann.
“Ren-senpai?” Sumire’s voice crackles through the speaker, “Is something the matter? We’re
still meeting up at the palace later, right?”
“Yeah, no, that’s all fine.” Ren instinctually shakes his head. “I… had a favour to ask?”
There’s a pause, and Sumire giggles slightly, “Aren’t you the one who’s supposed to owe
me?”
Ren wonders if Sumire is going to hold that over him for far longer than he initially assumed,
“Can I start a tab?”
There’s a proper laugh at that, “Sure, Senpai. Um, what did you need?”
“So…” Ren takes a breath, “I was thinking- you know how we can’t really split up,
anymore?”
“In the palace?”
“Yeah.” Ren confirms, “So, we’re all going to have to work together, and- I’m wondering
how to phrase this.” He admits.

Sumire hums, “I… assume you’re asking if I can try and get Goro to be less of a loose
cannon?” She asks with a fair amount of humour.
Ren huffs a laugh, “Yeah, pretty much. Think it’s possible?”
A sigh, “Maybe…? I mean- I can’t control him.”
“I wouldn’t want you to.” Ren reassures her.
“I know. it’s- he’s not being difficult on purpose.” She pauses. “Well. He is, but-”
“It’s because of me.” Ren finishes, keeping his voice blank, “I get it.”
Sumire sighs softly, “I think it’s more… being near you stresses him out?”
It’s not a good thing to hear. Especially not from Sumire, when Ren knows Akechi never
would have phrased it that way himself. “…Should I hide in the shadows?” Ren suggests,
only half-joking.
Sumire laughs, “I think he’d be able to sense you. But, no, I think Haru-senpai and I can…
step in, I guess, if people start fighting.” Another pause, “Um… sorry, by the way, for not
really helping during our first infiltration. …And I didn’t really follow your orders either.”
“No, no, it’s okay.” Ren shakes his head to the empty air, “I know that you and Haru probably
see Akechi as more of a leader than me, so…”
There’s a laugh, “I honestly didn’t even realise that’s what was happening- Goro was our
navigator, but the only time he ever gave out orders was mostly when Haru-senpai was still
learning the ropes.”
“Huh…” Ren tilts his head in contemplation. Oh, to be a fly on the wall. “Anyway, um,
thanks for agreeing to help out. Hopefully this won’t be for too long. …I’m planning on…
trying to fix things, soon.”
“Really?” Sumire blurts, “That’s great! Uh- good luck?”
Ren laughs self-deprecatingly, “You sound so confident.”
“Well, you know.” Sumire says sheepishly.
Ren does know, unfortunately.
***
To what Ren would like to credit as his good leadership, nothing breaks immediately.
Would like to, being the operative part of that thought- Ren doesn’t bother splitting up the
team into ‘frontlines and backup’ for this part of the infiltration, the corridors are too linear to
warrant it. The presence of Sumire and Haru directly at his side seems to do wonders for
Akechi’s instinct to act out. Ren decides not to poke the bear by commenting on it.

“I really think we’re getting close…” Futaba hums from above, “But I think we’re coming up
on something funky, too.”
“Like what?” Makoto looks in the general direction of Necronomicon.
“Like… just a big room, I guess?” Futaba says, not sounding entirely confident, “But not
really. It’s pretty narrow.”
“We’ve had weird-ass museums, falling-apart factories, boring hallways…” Ryuji lists, “Any
guesses?”
Haru frowns, and tilts her head in contemplation, “I suppose it’s hard to tell… I don’t exactly
have much of a frame of reference, but this palace seems like it’s been in disarray.”
“You’d be right.” Akechi speaks up. “In comparison to before, even more so. I’d wager that
Okumura’s sense of grandeur is much more fragile than he lets on- trying to rebuild it in his
head after it’s been shaken must be an ordeal.”
“Right…” Ren hums to himself.
He’d love if exploring this palace didn’t feel like a ticking time bomb. He’d take the actual
time bomb they were greeted with last time over the one walking among their ranks.
His resolve from his dream the night before, coupled with looks from Ann he catches in the
corner of his eye, has not faded. This is his problem, his mistake, he will fix this,
But, now? In the middle of a palace infiltration? While they’re walking around? Not the best
place to start an argument, Ren thinks.
Where is the best place?
Infuriatingly, opinionated as he tends to be, Metatron seems to hold no answer. Maybe he just
likes watching Ren squirm.
“Oh!” Futaba’s exclamation interrupts Ren’s self-pity, “Brace yourselves, guys!”
Ren holds out an arm to signal the group to stop, pressing himself against the shadow of the
wall, peeking his head around the corner. The room really isn’t that different in size and
shape than the hallway that precedes it. There’s a window along one wall that overlooks the
stacked factory ports within the larger space station, and Ren thinks he catches a glimpse of
the museum, tucked away in a distant corner, surrounded by shards of debris and haphazard
scaffolding.
But, the most pressing difference in this room isShadow Okumura whirls around with a furious glare, “What are you doing here?!” He barks,
“Guards, how could you let this happen? Do you forget the task you’ve been given?”
Two shadows melt into existence at his side, but say nothing.

Ren tilts his head.
Behind him, Yusuke hums, and whispers, “Does he seem nervous, to you?”
“Yes.” Haru responds immediately. She grips her axe tightly, “What should we do? This is
the only path forward.”
Ren considers his options.
From memory, Okumura himself -his shadow, that is- is a pushover. If they engage, he’d
likely flee, and they’d only be faced with the problem of taking down his guards. But, Ren
isn’t sure he wants to know the consequences if they provoke him too much. Usually, all of
the thieves’ early encounters with palace rulers are punctuated by an awakening to scare them
off before they can really fight.
They’re so close to securing the route. Ren doesn’t want to push it back another day.
The best place to start an argument isNot now, obviously, butBuild the first layer, Ren thinks.
“Hey, Crow.” Ren says, unplastering himself from the shadow of the wall, “You’re up.”
Akechi tilts his head, “Hm?” He hums, not sounding like he’s really questioning anything at
all. He stalks forward, and sings, “Oh, Okumura-san.”
Okumura’s shadow, who had at this point been narrowing his eyes suspiciously down the
partly shaded hall, narrows his eyes in anger, “You?! Black Mask- how did you get here?”
“It wasn’t particularly difficult, you know.” Akechi drawls flatly. Behind his back, he makes
a gesture that Ren interprets as get over here.
Ren signals for the rest of the group to move forward, and stops them a pace behind Akechi.
The shadow shrinks back as they rest of them come into full view.
“Phantom Thieves…” The shadow seethes.
“Oh, you can tell?” Ryuji perks up with a mocking grin.
“Who else would be scurrying around in my domain like rats?” Okumura’s shadow spits.
“Useless! Every last person in this damn station.”
Haru sighs quietly, and steps forward to stand at Akechi’s side, “You should stand down,
father.” She advises, “Let us through, please.”
The shadow’s face twists, “Haru? You’re back again…” He scoffs, “But no, I should hardly
be surprised. I should have realised you were against me the moment you set foot in here with
these thieves.”

Haru huffs quietly, looking to be steeling her resolve, “That’s not… Father, we are here to
take your treasure, but-”
“You admit it!” Okumura’s shadow declares with grim triumph, “To think my enemies could
buy even you- I thought I taught you loyalty better than this?” He narrows his eyes at Akechi,
“Or perhaps you were offered something. Was Sugimura not to your liking?”
Both Haru and Akechi’s lips curl with disgust at the implication presented. At Ren’s side, he
sees Sumire take a step forward, ready to intervene, the rest of the thieves tensing or scoffing
behind him.
“I believe that’s enough insinuations.” Akechi spits, “Would you like to bring this to a fight
so soon? Your options are rather limited.”
The shadow sniffs, “Hardly. Why would I let you pass, when I could cut you down here?”
“You?” Akechi asks, “Or your pitiful guards?”
“Ren.” Makoto whispers, as the exchange goes around, “I’m all for getting this over with, but
shouldn’t we use this opportunity?”
“What do you mean?” Sumire cuts in, turning her head slightly.
“The museum implied Okumura has… some interest in cognitive psience.” Makoto explains,
“Shouldn't we determine the extent of that?”
Ren turns to refocus on the back on forth in front of him. Haru hasn’t spoken up again, but
Akechi has taken to lightly goading Okumura by rebutting all his words- not to the point of
violence, just stalling.
Whenever you’re ready, Is the underlying taunt Ren hears, and he gives Makoto a nod. “Take
a shot.”
“Okumura-san.” Makoto takes a step forward, voice just a bit too snide to truly be respectful.
Thankfully though, shadows, and especially Okumura’s, are uniquely terrible at picking up
on sarcasm, “I apologise for my companions. There seems to have been a misunderstanding.”
Okumura’s shadow looks her up and down derisively, “What misunderstanding? My
treacherous daughter is running around with assassins and has just admitted to targeting my
greatest possession.”
Makoto falters for a beat, before regaining some of her composure, “That… is exactly where
the misunderstanding lies. We meant theft in a more… metaphorical sense.”
“Dude, is this gonna work?” Ryuji mutters behind them.
Ren barely tilts his head, “Even if it doesn’t,” He whispers, “We were probably going to have
to fight anyway.”
Ryuji shrugs to concede, and all eyes are back on Makoto.

“Metaphorical, you say?” The shadow drawls, clearly not believing her one bit.
“Y-yes.” Makoto says quickly, “We wish to… admire the majesty of your empire. In fact, we
passed through the museum on our way here. You outlined your goals for the future.” She
smiles as she regains more of her rhythm, “Would you care to elaborate on that?”
“Ah,” Okumura’s shadow grins, distracted enough by the praise to miss the leap in logic,
“You’ve seen the history of my legacy? Where my daughter,” He shoots Haru another look,
“Should be working.”
“Yes.” Makoto grimaces, as Haru’s expression hardens, “Of course. That place.”
“I don’t expect you to understand my goals for the future.” Okumura continues, “My enemy
may consider himself the one true expert of the subject, but anyone as educated as those
among our number can grasp the topic.”
Ren hears Futaba scoff lightly from above. He narrows his eyes as he sees Akechi pointedly
directing his gaze down at the floor.
“Please, tell me if you can.” Makoto pushes, “Um- I’m sure your daughter would be
interested too-?”
“I can hardly reveal my plans, little girl, to my enemies.” The shadow cuts her off, “Do you
forget who is among your number?” Akechi looks up with a grimace, “No. This has been
pointless.” He waves a hand, “Guards, deal with them how you please. The rest of you ought
to scurry away like the rats you are, if you know what’s good for you.”
Okumura strides away, further down the hall and past the door. The shadows’ forms bubble
as he leaves, splitting into a veritable menagerie- spinning stars and demons and golden-clad
bipedal elephants, and Ren sighs.
Nothing gained, then.
“It was going to happen eventually.” Ren reassures the negotiators that took a crack, spinning
his dagger.
“Yeah…” Morgana sighs as he gets into formation with the rest of the thieves, “Look alive
guys! This should be easy. I don’t know why Okumura thought this would stop us.”
“The price of arrogance.” Haru hums quietly, hauling her axe over her shoulder.
***
The fight is, in fact, quite easy. The only issue Ren encounters is not being able to give orders
to eight people at once, and in a rather narrow hallway at that. This turns out to not be much
of a problem, really, as each of them has more than enough battle instinct to sustain
themselves- though there is the occasional bit of friendly fire in the limited space.
“Well…” Futaba sighs from above, Necronomicon also looking cramped, “Too bad you
didn’t get anything outta that, I guess.”

“You tried, though!” Ann offers, “And we can just try again later, right? We’ll see him after
we send the calling card.”
Makoto sighs, “That’s true. And it’s not like he’ll be able to do much about anything
nefarious he might be planning after we change his heart, anyway.”
“Having the information would be good, though.” Haru points out, “The… ambiguity of this
place is putting me on edge.”
“Me too.” Futaba agrees, “Plus, even if Okumura knows jack shit, there could be other stuff
he’s got.”
Akechi tilts his head, and Ren assumes he has an eyebrow raised, “Like what?”
“My mom’s research.” Futaba says, a bit curt, “I wanna find it.”
“Ah.” Akechi blinks slowly, “I see.”
“…Uhh, anyways…” Ryuji drawls out, clearly picking up on some of the awkward mood
seeping in, “So, Mona, Oracle, the treasure as close as we thought?”
“Oh, yeah.” Morgana nods, “I can smell it- it’s really close.”
“I can’t sense Okumura’s shadow, though.” Futaba interjects, “He must’ve cut and run pretty
quick.”
“Hopefully that will be indicative of the strength of his final stand, as well.” Yusuke hums,
“It would be nice for our post-calling card infiltration to run smoothly, for once.”
Ren barks a sudden laugh, remembering waves upon waves of cognitive workers at
Okumura’s disposal, “I wouldn’t get your hopes up.”
Sumire gives a small smile, “Well, there’s ten of us, so hopefully it won’t be so bad.”
Ren certainly hopes so, too. He shrugs noncommittally in response, and signals for the rest of
the group to follow him as he walks forward.
The treasure room is far grander than it had been, even last time.
Its edges are incongruent, blending from an auditorium to another production line to falling
apart entirely, not even a pane of glass that separates them from the expanse of space.
Sumire gapes in awe, “I guess…” She swallows audibly, “I guess we didn’t have to worry
about oxygen? Or… physics.”
“Ugh!” Futaba complains, “Would’ve been great to know earlier!”
“No kidding…” Morgana mumbles, “We were tiptoeing around the palace like it would
break, earlier.”

“Look.” Akechi interrupts them, “I believe we can consider our route secured.”
He gestures to the shimmering light suspended in the centre of the room, shifting and
unformed.
“When are we sending the calling card?” Sumire asks.
Ren bites at his lip as he considers it, “…I want to do it as soon as possible. Fox, is it possible
to make something quickly right now?”
“That should be possible.” Yusuke frowns, “But, it will hardly be to the standard I-”
“That’s fine.” Ren quickly waves a dismissive hand, “Noir, do you think you could hand it to
him tonight?"
Haru blinks, “You’d like to get it all done tomorrow?”
“Yes.” Ren nods firmly, “The sooner the better, and if we can get it done sooner, then we
should.”
“I suppose that’s true.” Haru nods, “I’m sure I can get it done. If I say that I found it in the
mailbox, then it won’t matter that my fingerprints are on it, no?”
“My own can hardly be transferred through these,” Yusuke gestures to his gloved hands,
“Assuming I complete this project within a nearby safe room?”
“Of course.” Ren nods. He takes a deep breath. Shit, he hasn’t completed a palace infiltration
in months. “Let’s get it done.”
***
Haru steels herself before entering her apartment.
She had made a whole show of finding something in the mailbox for whatever cameras may
have been stationed around. She isn’t entirely confident in her sleight of hand, but it should
be good enough.
“Father,” She says as she enters the living room, trying to twist the nervousness in her voice
to something that could read as worry. There are servants milling about cleaning- good. More
eyewitnesses. "Father- I’ve found something, you have to see this.”
“Can’t you see I’m busy, Haru?” Her father snaps, not looking particularly busy at all.
“I found this in our mailbox.” She continues, and drops the calling card onto the coffee table,
“It’s- it’s addressed to you.”
In the corner of her eye, she sees the servants immediately break out into quiet gossip, the red
and black distinct of a Phantom Thieves’ calling card clearly visible even from several paces
away.

Her father’s eyes widen in shock and anger as he snatches the card from the table. “Sir
Kunikazu Okumura, profiteering sinner of greed…” He mutters. He stands abruptly with a
low growl, “This is outrageous! How dare-?” He cuts himself off with a scoff.
Haru decides to push her luck, and put on a show, “Father, I saw- it’s from the Phantom
Thieves, isn’t it?”
The whispering in the corner of the room gets louder as Haru loudly confirms their
suspicions. Her father narrows his eyes.
“Apparently so.” He spits. “I have to- No, the police are in his pocket…” He grits his teeth,
“Damnit!”
“Father-?” Haru starts as he starts pacing.
“It’s fine, Haru!” Her father shouts, “I’m going to fix this. This is probably his- Nothing is
going to happen to me, I-” He glares at the servants gossiping in the corner, “What are you
doing? Do something, would you!”
As her father’s ire is directed at anything that breathes, Haru takes this as her cue to leave.
She quietly pads up the stairs, closing her door with a small click and collapsing back on her
bed.
She frowns, and sits back up as she hears scratching at the sliding door to her balcony.
“Haru!” Morgana’s voice filters through the glass, “Hey, can you let me in?”
Haru blinks.
“It’s cold!” Morgana adds.
That spurs Haru into action, as she quickly stands and jogs over to the sliding door,
unlatching it and pulling it open. Morgana pads inside with an overdramatic relieved sigh,
stretching out his back and dragging his claws against the carpet.
“Oh, sorry.” He quickly sits with a bit more decorum as Haru’s concern for her carpet must
show on her face.
“What are you doing here, Morgana?” She asks softly, as she scoops the cat up in her arms
and walks back over to the bed to give them both a seat.
Morgana goes along with the manhandling with minimal protest, gratefully stretching out as
he jumps from her arms onto the bed.
“Ren sent me.” He explains, “He wanted me to make sure you were doing okay.”
Haru smiles, “Oh, well that’s very sweet.” She shakes her head, “But I’m alright, don’t
worry.”

Morgana flicks his tail, “…Are you sure?”
Haru sighs, “I was a little stressed before, I think.” She admits, “But it’s over with now, so
I’m okay.”
“That’s good.” Morgana says with a bit of triumph, “Are you ready for the fight, tomorrow?”
Haru nods firmly, “As I’ll ever be.” She deflates a little, “I must admit, it feels awfully…
anticlimactic.”
Morgana frowns, “Oh?”
“Yes.” Haru laughs slightly, “I suppose I got a lot of my- everything out of my system when
we changed Sugimura’s heart. And now…”
And now,
Perhaps she’s lying, a bit, when she says it doesn’t feel climactic. It certainly doesn’t feel the
way it did when she faced Sugimura along with Goro and Sumire, with Milady at her back
rather than Astarte.
Maybe that’s the difference, then. The change in resolve. Though, that doesn’t feel quite right
as she thinks it, either. The circumstances are just too different. The way she feels about her
father is markedly different from the way she feels about her ex-fiancé, one wreathed only in
disdain and the other soaked through with old sentiments and dying hopes of what could have
been.
Sometimes, she wishes she could just hate her father and move on. Part of her still feels like
she owes him not to, though; a thought that Goro would probably raise his eyebrow at, she
thinks with a bit of humour.
“I suppose it’s just… going through the motions.” Haru concludes with a small sigh and a
weary smile, “We’re changing his heart because we have to, but we probably would have
anyway. I think I would have wanted to, anyway.”
“I guess I know what you mean.” Morgana agrees, “All of this is just so…” He huffs,
“Weird.”
Haru laughs, “It is, yes. You’ve had less time to adjust to it than me, though.”
“What, with the time travel stuff? That’s true.” Morgana concedes. “It feels wrong having a
change of heart just be… a stepping stone.” He sighs, “But, no choice, so.”
“Right…” Haru frowns, “We’ll get used to it.”
“We have to.” Morgana agrees, “But I don’t think we should get too cocky, either. I don’t
know if it’s just the fact that we have a plan, but I get this nagging feeling that things aren’t
going to happen the way we want.”

Haru breathes another laugh, “No, I feel it too. But there really isn’t much we can do, other
than this.”
Paranoia, she hopes.
Morgana groans, “Yeah, yeah.” His ears perk up, “Speaking of, though, I forgot to ask, did
everything go fine with the calling card?”
Haru quickly nods, “It did. My father saw it, and I don’t think he suspected me of anything. I
made sure to give it to him while some of the servants were in the room, too. I suspect there
will be a lot of paparazzi propositioning our workers, once the news breaks.”
“Oh ho!” Morgana’s chops peel back in a grin, “Clever, Miss Haru!”
Haru giggles, “Well thank you, Mona-chan.”
“Mona-chan, huh?”
Haru quickly waves her hands, “Oh, I’m sorry! Do you not like the nickname?”
Morgana shakes his head, “No, it’s- you call your friends names like that, right?”
Haru nods, “I do it with Sumi-chan, at least.”
“Then I like it.” Morgana declares, “I know we kind of got off on the wrong foot thanks toeverything. But, I’d like to be your friend, Haru.”
Haru’s smile widens, “I’d like that too, Mona-chan.” She giggles slightly, “Shall we shake on
it?”
Morgana immediately offers his paw, which Haru takes in a small shake. She tries to tamp
down her smile at shaking hands with a cat; a rather magical experience, in her opinion.
Morgana puffs out his chest as he retracts his paw, and then curls up into a loaf on her bed,
“Well, I’m staying here tonight. Ren will live. And it’s too cold to go back.”
Haru covers her laughter behind her hand, “That sounds good, then.”
***
As Akechi settles down for the evening, he catches himself staring expectantly at his phone,
waiting for it to ring.
It doesn’t.
Last time, Shido was the one to inform him that Okumura had reported a calling card
addressed to him, with the accompanying message of deal with it quickly. That had been fine
by Akechi- he had been keeping an eye on the thieves’ infiltrations, of course, but he couldn’t
have known exactly when the thieves would send the calling card after they secured the
route.

But, a thread of logic warns, Okumura has paranoia twisting his logic far enough around that
he may have ended up with some common sense. This time, he has no good reason to report a
calling card, when he suspects enemies in every shadow.
Akechi supposes that means he’ll have to break the news.
Shido picks up on the third ring.
“Yes?” He demands, curt as ever.
Akechi catches his sigh before it escapes his lips, “Some good news, sir.”
“Oh?” Shido asks, interest apparent, “And what might that be?”
“Okumura’s thief problem seems to have reached its end.” Akechi explains, as vague as he
dares over the phone, “It should come to a head tomorrow, I’d wager.”
“Why hasn’t he come to me about this?” Shido questions, as though Akechi would
reasonably have the answer to that.
Conveniently, he does have the answer. “Perhaps he doesn’t trust in your services.” Akechi
suggests blandly, “Either way, I’m certain in my timeline. Our, ah, pests, are quite loud with
their intentions.”
Shido chuckles, sounding pleased, “If you say so. If they really are so loud, I’m surprised you
didn’t find them sooner.”
Akechi grits his teeth, “Loud, only in places where they expect to be alone.” He lies.
“If you say so.” Shido drawls out, “Anyway, I’m sure you know what to do?”
“Of course.” Akechi agrees easily, “No changes in plan?”
“None.”
“Good to hear.” Akechi hums. He swallows, “I won’t let you down.”
“You’d better not.”
The line goes dead.
Well, Akechi thinks, time to put on a show.

Chapter End Notes

okay apparently I lied this chapter is also Not That Long, but starting next chapter they
definitely get longer HAHAHA

hmmm I don't have much else to say... you are spared from my ramblings today.
Although, I will allow you to enjoy the tidbit that I almost forgot to get this chapter
prepared the night before it goes up (what a grammatical nightmare) hfjkdfsd I was busy
and I didn't realise it was wednesday LMAO
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! [sigh] no rank ups.... Ren took up too much of the POV space to allow for it
lmao. soon....
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 6
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ann: I can't believe you weren't actually dating...
Ann: I mean, you ended the world for him! What gives?
Ren: Ann, I understand that our sense of "what is normal" is heavily warped, but I think
that the fact that ending the world was my grand romantic gesture may have ruined my
chances
Ann: Some people just can't appreciate love...

Chapter 62
Chapter Summary

Desperate times and desperate measures.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It’s been quite some time since Ren has been in a palace in this state.
The oppressive red, the distant blaring alarms, the shadows in panic and disarray. It’s almost
nostalgic, he thinks; though that may be a bit much. It’s only been a few months, after all,
since they sent the calling card for Futaba.
The treasure room itself, however, holds no such feelings. Ren almost grimaces at how
different it looks from how he remembers, the lack of familiarity where he would have
expected it putting him on edge.
But, that doesn’t matter at the moment. Ren expects that any anxiety will dissipate pretty
quickly once he’s trying to avoid getting vivisected by whatever Okumura has in store for
them.
He signals for the rest of the thieves to follow him as he walks into the treasure room
properly, its namesake suspended in the centre of the room, too high to reach. At a glance, its
shape looks the same as it did before; some kind of spherical part- if Ren were more wellversed in sci-fi engineering, he might be able to get a better read on what it is.
A curiosity for later, he decides, as he and the rest of the thieves all startle at a voice suddenly
echoing from the other side of the auditorium.
“So, you’ve come back again!” Okumura’s shadow strides towards the centre of the room,
gazing at the thieves with his typical haughty arrogance, “How foolish! Do you truly believe
you can steal my empire from me?”
“Your empire?” Ann speaks up, hand on her hip, “Uh, we’re kinda just here for that thing.”
She points to the treasure.
“Same difference.” The shadow hisses, “That is the missing piece, my final key to the
political world. I don’t care who tries to stop me! Former allies and evergreen enemies will
fall all the same!”
As he speaks, he spreads his arms wide, and looks up towards the ceiling, a circle of metal
and pipes, shifting and rotating along its circumference. Even from the ground, Ren can see

cognitive workers hammering in iron sheets and twisting screws and bolts. An indent is
carved into the centre, a place for the treasure to rest as the final piece to complete the
spacecraft above.
Right. Ren forgot about this part.
“I will not waste my time on you any longer.” Okumura continues, folding his arms as he
takes a step back, a floating mechanical chair rushing to meet him as he sits back, “It won’t
be long now before I take my leave from this place entirely.”
Warning! A synthetic voice chimes from all around, awfully chipper despite the news it’s
about to deliver, The facility will self-destruct in: Thirty minutes.
“Whoa, whoa, come on!” Futaba complains, “Geez, you better hurry, guys!”
“It should hardly take half an hour for us to win, yes?” Akechi drawls, a goading challenge in
his voice.
“Hell no!” Ryuji grins in agreement, “Let’s kick this guy’s ass!”
“You won’t succeed!” Okumura warns, “Workers, to me!”
An entire hoard of cognitive robots burst from the ground at the shadow’s call, arms spinning
and bodies twisting to charge at the thieves.
Ren grins, flips his dagger, and charges forward to meet them, his team and blue fire at his
back.
***
Sumire didn’t expect them to be on a time limit, going into this. Judging by the look on Crow
and Joker’s faces, though, it isn’t a deviation from last time. They look unconcerned, so
Sumire supposes she shouldn’t get in her head about it.
Getting in her head about it is about the worst thing she could do right now, actually, with the
clock ticking down. The timer is one thing, but the sheer number of enemies is another- an
entire sea of robots swarm the battlefield, quicky dividing the thieves into pairs amongst the
chaos.
“Oh, shit!” Futaba’s voice echoes through her head, “Uh- I can’t navigate for all of you at
once! There’s way too many!”
“Everyone, just use your strongest abilities- try to thin the herd!” Joker calls from a ways
away, “Figure out weaknesses through trial and error, if things stop working!"
Sumire finds herself back-to-back with Fox, the both of them cutting down enemies in a
dervish of blades.
“Vorpal Blade!” Sumire cries, tearing her mask from her face. The swords carve small
chunks into the robots in front of her, beating them back for only a moment before they click

back into action.
“Physical attacks aren’t entirely effective…” Fox hums, his lips pressed together in concern.
“There’s just so-” Sumire cuts herself off, and grimaces, as she sees even more cognitive
workers burst into existence, “Do we have to get rid of all of them?” She asks no one in
particular, and chances a glance towards where the Shadow is, in the centre of the room.
Okumura’s shadow is still reclined on the floating chair he summoned, guarded by entire
rows of cognitions. She sees Crow, Noir, and even Mona attempting to snipe at the Shadow
himself, to no avail as the cognitions form a shield around their ruler, always reappearing to
fill the space of those destroyed.
“Maybe…?” Sumire mutters to herself, “There- there just needs to be less of them!”
She jumps back, as Fox buries his sword in a cognition that had just been about to hit her, “I
have an idea.” He says serenely, “Kamu Susano-o! Mabufula!”
Sumire’s eyes widen as she sees Fox cast a sheet of ice; not at any enemies in particular, but
creating a wall to divide the area even further.
“That should be more manageable?” He phrases it as a question. Sumire goes to nod eagerly,
before they both flinch as cognitions on the other side of the makeshift wall pound against it,
cracks already forming in the crystalline surface.
“Not for long…” Sumire warns, stabbing into one of the remaining robots on this side of the
wall, nervously glancing towards the flashes of other elements from the other thieves.
The timer and the lack of any identifiable way to progress the fight makes Sumire’s breath
come a bit quicker in her panic. Is this just a slaughter, until Okumura runs out of energy?
How could they even tell?
“Makougaon!” She calls, and hopes someone else has more ideas than her.
***
Makoto punches through three cognitions at once with a shout, gritting her teeth as five more
wait behind them.
At the very least, the cognitions fold like paper. She’ll count her blessings where she can find
them- and in this situation, she really can’t find very many.
“This is ridiculous.” Haru seethes at her side, “There has to be something more to this. If this
is a battle of attrition, we’ll lose before the timer runs out at this rate.”
“You’re right.” Makoto huffs, jumping back from a cognition’s attack, landing on Johanna as
she casts a wave of nuclear energy to buy just a bit of space from what they’ve already
carved, “Should we just attack the shadow?”

Haru shakes her head, “I’ve already tried launching some of my grenades at him- the
cognitions always take the hit.”
“Then…” Makoto bites at her lips, as she tries to think, she just needs to thinkWhat have they seen in the palace, so far? What could she possibly use as a clue to get a little
further? Everyone is preoccupied at the moment -Futaba certainly has to be overloadedthere’s no one to rely on, she just has to do something.
It is a little tug of thread in her mind, as she wonders why these cookie-cutter robots are the
only cognitions Okumura’s shadow seems to be making use of.
“You thieves are so used to slinking in the shadows.” Okumura’s shadow crows, smug from
behind his shield of workers, “You crumple so quickly in the face of a head-on attack.”
Makoto is surprised that Haru’s jaw hasn’t broken from how tightly she’s clenching it, as she
swings her axe down and cleaves it neatly through several robots and straight into the floor.
Haru, she remembers, and takes a gamble.
“Okumura-san!” Makoto shouts, as loud as she can over the sounds of battle, quickly
swerving on Johanna to give herself at least a second of breathing room. “Your daughter, did
she not want to help you in this fight?”
She catches Joker’s eyes, battling his own wave of cognitions that have caged him in with
Akechi, and sees them widen. She feels a burst of relief as she sees him nod as he catches on.
At her side, she also hears Haru gasp.
“What?” The shadow spits, “Haru- I- yes!” He laughs, as though he hadn’t stuttered, “If you
truly want to face the true might of Okumura Foods so badly, then fine! Haru, to me! Why
don’t you show these interlopers their place?”
Some of the cognitions surrounding Okumura disperse, as a swirl of black smoke heralds the
cognitive Haru bursting into existence, still clad in a tight blazer and pencil skirt, robotic
limbs stiff and exact as she clutches the clipboard in her hands.
“Yes father.” She says flatly, and Makoto only barely manages to bite back a yelp as the
cognition’s torso detaches from her legs, ejecting a spread of grenades in a spiral before
clicking back into place.
“Damnit…” Haru hisses as she just barely manages to deflect the grenade sent their way with
Astarte’s magic, “I thought my father didn’t trust me anymore- why is that thing still here,
fighting for him?”
“Exactly!” Makoto gasps, unsure how to concisely explain her logic while in the middle of
fighting for her life. “Okumura- this whole palace is an unstable mess! We need to lean into
it!”

Makoto feels her lips pull up as she hears Futaba’s breathy laughter crackle in her mind.
Message sent.
***
“Oh, come on!” Ann hears Ryuji whine at her side, sending him a grateful grin as he kicks a
cognition away before it hits her, “Did Queen just make things harder?”
Ordinarily, Ann would leap to Makoto’s defence, trusting her judgement. But she has to
admit it’s pretty hard to see the benefit in a freaky cognitive version of her friend throwing
grenades at everyone.
“Um…” Ann laughs uncomfortably, trying to keep her panic under wraps as she sends
another blaze of fire to scorch the cognitions in front of her, “Maybe she has a plan?”
“That she does!” Futaba’s voice rings in her ears, and Ann nearly jumps. She sees Ryuji
actually jump and hiss a curse, so she guesses this is something of a group transmission,
“You know how Okumura is super paranoid? Lean into that! Get in his head! Doesn’t matter
how- but I think we can work with this.”
Ann sucks in a breath.
“So, just… start…” She mutters to herself, “Okay, okay,” She turns, and shouts: “Wow, uh,
Mr Okumura! Your workers are barely doing anything at all! I wonder why…”
Contrary to what she’s sure some of the thieves believe, Ann knows she’s a terrible actress.
It is a good thing, then, that this seems to hardly matter with shadows. Ann knows they only
hear what they want to hear until they’re half dead on the ground, and if Okumura is already
double checking over his shoulder, then her stilted words and clunky phrases should work
just fine.
She presses her lips together to hide her smile as she sees Okumura’s confident smirk falter
behind his weird fishbowl helmet at her words, “Stop slacking off!” He shouts to the sea of
cognitions, “You’re all here for a purpose, so do it!”
Ann sees Ryuji’s grin split his face, “Ooooh, I getcha.” He snickers, “Hey, bossman! Man, a
stiff breeze is knocking these guys over! Shoulda used better materials, or somethin’.”
Ann notes with no small amount of satisfaction that it feels like the cognitions around her fall
even faster now. “Maragidyne!” She shouts, and elbows Ryuji with delight as metal and
plastic crack, bubble, and burst apart with the heat.
“It seems that the lowest rung are incompetent.” Okumura spits, “Unsurprising. Haru! Let’s
call in the next batch, shall we?”
“Of course, father.” The cognitive Haru hums blandly, her body detaching to toss another
round of grenades. Ann nearly chokes on her gasp as Ryuji manages to shield them both from
the majority of the blast with his persona.

The cognitive Haru reattaches herself back together, entirely unphased by the action. She
tears away a page from her clipboard, the material bursting away into flames, and Ann
flinches back as she sees all the cognitions straighten up as though pulled taut on puppet
strings as one.
“Shit- get down!” Futaba cries out, and Ann buckles to her knees, covering her head, as all
the robots explode into shrapnel and fire, immediately replaced by new, hardier-looking
robots.
“Uh.” Ryuji coughs at her side, staggering back to his feet, “…This better or worse?”
“Worse.” Ann decides with a groan, and cracks her whip, one hand on her mask.
***
“Damnit…” Futaba hisses to herself within the relatively safe confines of Necronomicon,
trying and failing to split her attention between five different locations.
“Oracle?” Morgana’s voice -easiest to hear as he’s physically the closest, guarding Futaba’s
post- comes through, “Any insights?”
“Nope! Sorry, kitty.” Futaba says in a rush, “I guess that’s progress, but I was hoping we
could use all that cognitive instability to weaken Okumura, not goad him into strengthening
himself.”
She can see Makoto having the same frustrations. Though- Makoto had brought attention to
Haru, first and foremost. And Okumura clearly doesn’t know what to think about his
daughter, anymore- Futaba supposes he’s settled on “unfailing servant” for the sake of the
fight, which is really annoying“Maybe…?” Futaba mutters, before groaning. She can’t tell where the weak point in
cognition is, which sucks, because finding and targeting that is her whole thing.
Trial and error, then. It’s all they can do, with twenty minutes left on the clock. Is Okumura’s
weak point held within the shadow itself- where he can be forced to doubt and spiral in his
own paranoia? Or is it more integral, more inherent to the palace itself? Where cognitions can
be convinced with bribes and sweet words?
Maybe, Futaba thinks, knowing she might be pushing her luck, maybe it’s both.
“Guys.” She starts, projecting her voice to all the thieves, “I need some of you to keep
messing with Okumura, convincing him everything’s falling apart like Panther and Skull just
did, and I need some of you to start sweet talking the cognitive Haru.”
“Oh?” Morgana’s voice chirps, interested.
“Or, like,” Futaba continues, second-guessing her explanation, “Start talking like she’s on our
side. Change the script! Something’s gotta work, right?”

The thieves, split up as they are, give her too many words of confirmation for her to
distinguish them. So, she just responds, “Great! Get to it!” Slumping back over the interface
in front of her to try and get some buffs out there.
She perks back up as she hears Joker step up to the plate.
“Good luck…” She mumbles, projecting the words for his ears only.
She sees his lips quirk up, and she lets a grin spread across her own face, too.
“Haru,” He calls towards the cognition as he slices through some cognitions that had already
been beaten half-dead by the looming form of Loki that hovers behind Akechi. Futaba really
wants to get a better look at that persona, baggage aside- if only she could pluck up the guts
to askHer meandering thoughts get cut short as Ren continues, “I should really thank you for
telling us about Sugimura,” He says, pointedly looking at the shadow even as he speaks to
the cognition, “You really helped us out.”
Oh ho… clever, Joker. Futaba snickers in his ear as she waits for Okumura’s response.
“What?” The shadow’s eyes widen, he whips around to look at the cognitive Haru, aghast,
eyes narrowed in suspicion, “No, Haru, you- how dare you! You wouldn’t, would you? After
all I’ve done for you!”
Maybe all this goading has an extra benefit, Futaba thinks, as she sees the real Haru mow
down a bunch of the fodder cognitions with extra force.
At the same time, the expressionless look on the cognitive Haru’s face shifts without shifting
at all. Futaba doesn’t blink- if she squints, what was once entirely blank now looks almost
smug.
The cognition’s torso twists again, detaching and jutting upwards with a short click, spinning,
and tossing another spread of grenades.
Futaba hisses between her teeth, as the grenades still hit the thieves, and yet she sees
Okumura shrieking and being forced to dodge, too. It’s…
Something.
“Whose side are you on?” Okumura’s shadow snarls.
Futaba would love to hear the answer to that.
***
Sumire just barely manages to shield her and Fox from the grenade sent their way with Ella’s
form, gasping with effort through her clenched teeth as she does.

The ice wall Fox put up earlier had shattered quickly after the cognitions got something of an
upgrade, and the two of them find themselves swarmed yet again. She can barely process
Oracle’s instructions past her heartbeat in her ears, the burn of her muscles, and the heavy
exhaustion that is beginning to settle somewhere in the space where Ella springs forth.
But, progress! Apparently; from the glimpses she catches across the field and the small static
bursts that she manages to decipher from Oracle’s transmissions.
Sumire can see everyone taking verbal shots at the shadow and main cognition- if she chimed
in, she’d just muddy the waters, she thinks.
But, if talking to the cognition of Haru causes a change in Okumura, then maybe talking to
the robots does the same thing? It would make the fight harder, but it’s something, and
Sumire almost doesn’t want to hear how much time is left on the clock for all it would stress
her out.
“Um!” She shouts to the robots surrounding her -the ones she doesn’t have skewered on her
sword, at least- “Does Mr Okumura pay you all well?”
Fox immediately gives her a perplexed look, and she waves a hand- trust me.
“THERE IS NO NEED FOR PAYMENT FOR THE HONOUR OF EXISTING UNDER THE
RULE OF LORD OKUMURA.” One of the cognitions claims, and Sumire quickly stabs him
through.
Try again.
“…Is that so?” She stutters, “Uh-”
“Perhaps you ought to shoot higher.” Fox cuts in, speaking to the cognitions with the air of a
calm advisor, “I have heard that the company is going under, after all.”
“Right!” Sumire nods furiously, even as she tears her mask away to command Ella to sear the
field ahead with burning light, “A-are you even built to standard? You must be pretty
overworked…”
Sumire resists the urge to grin delightedly, as she swears the next batch of robots go down a
little easier.
“Again?!” She hears Okumura’s shadow growl, as the cognitive workers begin to falter
again, “Fine! At least my daughter appears competent, if not treacherous. Workers, to me!”
Sumire takes a deep breath, and braces herself for the ever-stronger wave.
***
Noir’s arms are starting to burn from the weight of hauling her axe.
She hears Violet and Fox taunting the lesser cognitions, sees Joker and Queen try and get in
the head of her father’s shadow, and-

The mirror cognition of her own form remains unaffected, the dubiously helpful addition of
friendly fire being the only progress that’s been made.
Noir starts to carve a path.
She grits her teeth, and sends Astarte’s bullets to mow down rows of robots, inching forwards
bit by bit, so as to not draw more ire than she already has.
She hits a wall, as the cognitions shielding her father and mirror at his side block her
progress. That’s fine. This is close enough.
“Why are you standing there?” Noir asks, not even raising her voice- her father’s shadow
preoccupied with whatever paradoxical line Joker is trying to buy him into, “Haven’t you
betrayed him, already?”
The cognition turns, and tilts her head quizzically.
Noir breaks her eyes away as she spins to cleave through the robots attempting to swarm her.
She turns back, “Can’t you see me? I’m helping them, why aren’t you doing the same? He
can see me helping them, too.”
The cognition’s expression remains inscrutable.
Her father’s shadow whips around to look at her, suddenly ignoring Joker and Queen in
favour of staring her down. His body is twisted away, like he’s trying to hide from the
cognition at his side, “You- wearing my daughter’s face” He hisses to Noir, “Trying to trick
me! I know my Haru would never run around with thieves- you’re simply a fake!”
“Of course, father.” The cognition drones. She spins again, and another wave of grenades are
tossed across the auditorium. Her father’s shadow shrieks back again, getting caught in the
blast.
“You’re so confident…” Haru tells him quietly, “Are you sure? Look, she’s fighting you, isn’t
she? Aren’t I fighting you?”
“You- you’re not-” The shadow gasps, gulping down air in his panic. His jaw clenches
together, “Neither of you are my daughter! I have no daughter, if this is how you would treat
me! Did you sell me out to him? Told him to deal with Sugimura, is that it?!”
“No!” Haru tears off her mask to send another barrage of bullets spraying against the workers
that surround her, “I dealt with Sugimura- he was disgusting, and you didn’t even care!
You…”
Her father seems to have barely heard her, “I don’t know what Shido gave you, but your
loyalty must be easily bought, Haru, to betray your own father like this! Are you so desperate
to live in filth that you’d ruin everything?”
“But you have other plans, don’t you?” Queen’s voice rings out, and Noir starts at the
reminder that they have other questions that need answers.

“What does it matter?!” The shadow shouts, “I built this empire from the ground up, and this
is the thanks I get? A daughter that’s better used as scrap metal, and a politician breathing
down my neck and meddling in my affairs like he owns me?!”
Noir’s retort dies in her throat as she feels the entire room shake.
“Oh,” Oracle’s voice rings in her ears, “Oh shit, shit, shit- guys!”
The swarm of worker cognitions all seize in place, limbs sparking, and the room shakes
again.
“No,” Her father’s shadow bites out, “No, I will not take this lying down! That bastard can
try all he likes! Workers, to me!” He shouts again, and the cognitions burst and are replaced
once again by stronger models, their bodies wide and looming, “Get out! You don’t belong
here, he doesn’t belong here!”
Noir hears some of the thieves shriek, and she has to stifle a shout of her own, as an
enormous hand bursts through the part of the auditorium leading to open space, knocking
some of the robots that had been meandering among the scaffolding of the spaceship above to
the floor, slamming down and pushing everything back in a wave.
“Get OUT!” Her father screams again, and Haru can only reach for her mask.
***
This was not expected.
The hand that burst into the auditorium is joined by a face, leering through the gap in the
wall. A bald head and orange shades, a goatee- just to the left of human, to fit the theme
Okumura has running through his head.
“You’re kidding.” Ren hears Akechi spit, attention diverted from slaughtering the cognitions
that surround him.
Ren can only agree. The face of Masayoshi Shido is not something he anticipated he’d have
to see today, and god does he hate it.
“Oh, shit, shit,” Futaba repeats, “Watch out, guys! I think that thing is gonna attack
everyone!”
Ren ducks beneath the legs of one of the ever-larger and ever-stronger worker cognitions,
avoiding its swing and nearly stumbling into Makoto as he does. He tries to survey the area,
feeling like he’s being dragged under the sea with the sheer number of entities to attack and
avoid.
Sumire and Yusuke are still bunched up in one corner, he spots as he leaps onto a robot’s
shoulder to twist off its head. Falling back to the ground, he sees Ann and Ryuji in a similar
situation, fending off wave after wave, the blue fire of their personas a constant feature at
their backs.

Futaba is still a ways back and above, Morgana diligently guarding her from attack. Haru is
closest to Okumura’s shadow, having carved a path to appeal to her cognitive double.
Leaving Ren, Makoto, and Akechi brawling in the centre, their new opponent staring them
down from the other side of the room with a malicious glint in his eyes.
Great.
“What do we do?” Makoto hisses to him, sounding less than composed.
It’s something new, Ren tells himself. That’s how the fight with Okumura went last time, so
maybe this is just what they have to put up with.
“Just-” He’s cut off, as he barely manages to summon Arsène in time to block another
grenade hurtled their way- so that’s still a problem, “-keep talking. Okumura’s already
unstable, so maybe we can push it even more.”
“Didn’t you have something else you wanted to ask?” Akechi drawls to Makoto as he briefly
lands within the circle they’ve claimed, robots on all sides, “Now, when Okumura is throwing
a fit, seems like the best time to needle some information out of him. Not that it will be of
much use to any of us once this is done.” He adds, before he leaps away, Loki’s sword
shredding through the cognitions in his path.
“That’s great and all,” Futaba chimes in, sounding as stressed as Ren’s ever heard her, “But
we only have ten minutes left.”
“We can fight and talk.” Makoto says with some effort, kicking the knees out of a robot who
tried to take a swing at her.
“On it.” Ren grits, and tries to chart a course to somewhere that’s marginally better for an
interrogation.
The periodic grenades are now coupled with periodic slams and wide swipes from the
cognitive Shido’s hand, shaking the foundations of the auditorium; dust, debris, and loose
metal crashing down from above. Ren sees Okumura’s shadow clench his teeth as his
construction is assaulted, the worker cognitions up above making a token effort to fend off
the cognitive Shido’s attacks.
“Everyone’s against you, huh?” Ren comments, as he gets close enough to the shadow’s
shield of cognitions that he doesn’t have to shout.
“Don’t patronise me!” Okumura’s shadow snaps, “You- thief, you come in here, corrupt my
daughter, work for my enemies! You won’t have what you came for!”
“The museum,” Makoto interjects, fighting her way closer, “It mentioned your plans for the
future, your interest in Shido’s methods.” Her eyes flick to the enormous, yet silent, mass that
is the cognitive Shido as another shockwave rocks the room, “How much do you know about
the services you were paying for?”

“What, you expect me to just tell you?” Okumura scoffs, ducking down as the cognitive Haru
fires yet another spray of grenades, “You’re working for him!”
Ren ducks back up, having dodged the explosion, “Believe what you want.” He says simply,
“Do you even know what you’re getting into?” He taunts, trying for a different approach, “Or
are you just researching some magic tricks and hoping one of them is what Shido uses to take
out your competition?”
“How dare you!” Okumura hisses, “Calling me lesser…”
“If you aren’t lesser,” Makoto chimes in, catching on, “Then you’d know what you’re talking
about, right?”
Another slam, more grenades.
“If we’re so easily bought,” Haru’s voice joins in, on the opposite end of the shield of
cognitive workers, “Then perhaps we might help you if-”
“What do you want to hear?” The shadow snarls, “That I’ve found something of note?!
There’s nothing! Nothing at all! I don’t know what Shido did, but there’s nothing to find! He
doesn’t tell anyone anything! Deflected all my questions, cites red herrings, not a single
cognitive psience researcher in sight! Absolute horseplay!”
Keep going, Ren thinks,
“Do you know how desperately I looked, after Sugimura got- got turned?!” Okumura
continues, ranting and raving, “I was driven, if only I could push my other self to try harder!”
Ren deflects a blow with his dagger. Wait.
“Hold on,” Futaba’s voice echoes, even as Ren, Makoto, and Haru all exchange looks,
perplexed, “He’s referring to himself and the real Okumura as two separate things- that’s…”
“Is he implying that the motivation to look into cognitive psience stemmed from his
shadow?” Makoto mutters, her fighting stance falling slightly lax as her brow furrows, “Buthow?”
Ren nearly jumps, as Akechi lands at their side yet again, “This is the kind of thing that only
happens when you really make an impression on someone’s palace or shadow.” He explains,
eyeing Okumura warily.
“The God of Control altered this place at one point, no?” Haru calls, as she brings her axe
down yet again, “Then, did…?”
“A god?” Okumura’s shadow murmurs, tilting his head.
Ren narrows his eyes.
“Right…” Futaba makes a frustrated noise, sounding harried, “Right- no, that could be it, I
don’t think Yalda-whatever would have even had to do anything specific- if what he did had

no precise goal, other than to alter the palace topography to make it all loopy, then the only
feedback that would have reached Okumura Proper is that ‘something is altering his palace’,
and it’s not like he knows what a palace is, so-”
More grenades, shouts from the other thieves as they battle through the robots, no end in
sight.
Another slam, Ren nearly loses his footing.
“-Shoot, shoot, okay we don’t have time for that- Guys, we need to wrap this up now.” Futaba
shouts to everyone, “We have five minutes! I repeat! Just five!”
“A god.” Okumura’s shadow repeats.
Ren ignores him, “Try to get through these guys!” He gestures to the shield of workers that
surround Okumura and the cognitive Haru. He stabs through one, immediately replaced by
another. He aims his gun at Okumura, a robot takes the hit. “Just- try!”
“On it.” Makoto nods, as does Haru.
“I-I’ll call for everyone to try and meet you in the middle.” Futaba stammers.
“Great.” Ren says, and reaches for his mask, “Metatron!”
“A god…” Okumura’s shadow chuckles, “Yes, yes of course, that makes sense.”
“Maragidyne!” Ann’s voice calls, as her and Ryuji join the circle. Again, the cognitions are
replaced as quickly as they’re formed.
“But whose side is it on?” The shadow’s shoulders hunch inwards, “Everyone is against me!
It would be fitting, if my one ally were the divine; and I, a modern prophet!”
“Kamu Susano-o!”
“Ella!”
Ren grits his teeth as Sumire and Yusuke join them too, and still, still, not even a dent.
The cognitive Haru spins, and more grenades are sent flying. The cognitive Shido slams his
hand into the floor again and again, clawing forward to inch ever closer.
Okumura’s shadow grimaces, as he barely dodges the grenade, and sends a wide-eyed look
over his shoulder at the terror behind him, “But no, no- if I am chosen, why don’t I know
anything? My empire, overrun with traitors! But then what…?”
Stab, cleave, burn,
“Laevateinn!” Still not enough,

“Nononono- We only have two minutes-” Futaba babbles in their heads, “Guys, there’s
something else- another- I don’t know what-”
Ren hears a shocked yowl from Morgana, far behind, and the ground tiltsPillars- no, tendrils, no, mechanical arms burst inwards, from the ground, walls, ceiling- the
construction for the spaceship above is destroyed entirely, as the arms, shining gold, begin to
tear at friend, foe, and terrain alike.
“T-this place is falling apart-” Futaba stutters, sounding close to tears, “It’s a cognition;
Okumura’s in his own head- I- I think we pushed too hard-”
Warning! A synthetic voice chimes yet again, Self-Destruct sequence will complete in: One
minute.
Ren clenches his jaw, pushing forward again, come on, if they can just get Okumura to yield***
There are some times, when Akechi has fought against shadows and collapsed palaces in the
past, when things have seemed dire.
Desperate times call for desperate measures, as the saying goes, and even if it is by the skin
of his teeth, clinging to life with all the stubborn spite he can muster, bleeding and tired,
Akechi has made it out alive.
There’s one minute on the clock.
Less, with his musing.
45.
There isn’t much they can do to survive an exploding spaceport.
As loathe as he is to address him, “Joker,” Akechi snarls as he skids to his side, “Sometimes
you have to cut your losses.”
“How?” Ren gasps with effort as he tries, again, to cut through Okumura’s shield, as the
shadow itself spews nonsense in a constant stream, “Even if we run we’re not going to make
it out in time.”
30.
Shit.
Shit, shit, he’s right; they can’t run, they can’t win- to steal a treasure they need the damn
shadow to stand down; Akechi figures the palace is already half collapsed, at this point, with
his shadow suffering the regular kind of mental breakdown15.

More grenades, another slam, like either is necessary- Akechi dodges the swipe of the
mechanical arms, like that matters, either,
10.
The only thing they need to do is5.
Well,
4.
Akechi snaps his jaw together so tight it nearly cracks.
3.
Desperate times.
2“Call of Chaos!”
He ignores Makoto’s gasp. He ignores Sumire’s shout of panic. He ignores the way Haru
turns to look at him with wide eyes, he ignore the rest of them he doesn’t lookHe sees Ren, colour drained from his face, narrow his eyes with grim acknowledgement.
This is the only way they surviveEverything in the palace shudders to a halt.
Ah.
And now,
The recoil.
It has been quite some time, but turning someone insane still requiresFast or slow, it’s always the coin toss, Akechi would prefer neither, really, but ha, haha,
Slow it is!
And thus begins the pull; Loki’s claws latch onto the shadow’s mind, finds the ego at the
centre -not hard to find, in palace rulers- taps at its chains,
What would you do,
It’s always the question,

If these were gone? what? -the chains, of course! What else?
But the chain is a link is a bond is a chain, and it pulls taut both ways. There’s no way out, no
alternative, breaking a chain is breaking a mind; it’s not an analogy- no such thing, in
cognition!
It simply is, and there’s nothing to be done when it hurtsSpace warps and twists, crawling black red black smoke and ink floods and drowns and tries
to take the shadow with it, the only way to tie it to the bottom of the sea is if Akechi grabs it
by the legs and sinks tooHe doesn’t have to breathe, not here,
Water or knives or glass or mirrors the metaphor changes on a dime and in an instant and
holding his breath suddenly means nothing three times out of four
he takes a deep breath and holds it anyway
the chains are iron hot
and he drags the shadow down
lower
lower
until they both touch the bottom
***
The palace grinds to a stop, and for a moment Sumire can only see black and red.
She wishes she didn’t know what just happened. She wishes she could hear it later, with
detached shock and sympathies, nothing she could have done! All a neat little packet of
someone else’s problem.
She can’t run from this.
The first thing that restarts is screaming.
Okumura’s shadow, twisting and writhing, falls out of his chair as black and red smoke swirls
around him, the sound shredded and distorted as though it’s through a broken receiver.
The second thing that restarts- or doesn’t, rather, is that none of the cognitions move.
There is no countdown to self-destruct. The workers scrambling to take chunks out of them
frozen in place. The cognitive Haru and Shido still as stone. The cognitive manifestation of
whatever spiral about the god that had touched his mind Okumura was on- entirely gravity
defying in how they’re placed.

All the thieves stare in horror, Haru’s hands clamped over her mouth, weapons lowered, as
the shadow keep screaming. Sumire starts forward towards Goro, collapsed to his knees,
claws scraping against his helmet.
She pauses, as her eyes catch on the treasure, slowly lowering towards the ground, as if
conceding the win.
The third thing that restarts, is that the palace begins to shake.
“We need to go.” Sumire blurts, like it isn’t obvious, but no one’s moving, “We need tosomeone grab the treasure.” She quickly runs and skids to Goro’s side, hands shaking as she
tries to pull him up to lean on her shoulder.
Ren starts, eyes wide and face stiff, “Right- Skull, grab the treasure.”
“Y-yeah.” Ryuji gapes, jogging forward to scoop it up.
The palace shakes a little harder. Okumura’s still screaming.
“Mona!” Ren shouts, expression growing tighter, “We need a ride.”
Morgana doesn’t say anything as he leaps and turns into the van. Sumire tries to pull Goro up
a little faster.
She lets out a little breath of relief as Ann steps forward and hauls up Goro’s other side,
balancing him between the two of them. She gives Sumire the weakest smile she’s ever seen.
“Everyone hurry!” Ren shouts, and the thieves that were frozen solid start to melt into a
stagger, and then a sprint, towards the van.
(And, in the haze that begins to clear, Akechi feels the Judgement grow to rank 7.)

Chapter End Notes

They call it the Judgement because it judges you every time it ranks up.
Fun fact! Up until I literally started writing the scene, I had initially intended for
everything with Okumura to go according to the thieves’ plan! I had even written all the
“I feel like something is going to go wrong…” stuff *before* I decided for things to go
to hell. But then I thought “but what if it went horribly, though” and here we are.
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! I already made my joke about the judgement I can't do it again

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 3
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Haru: I'm starting to get the feeling that all fights against palace rulers are a mad
scramble for the upper hand, and only have a 50% success rate.
Ren: Please believe me when I say this isn't the case. I swear we're competent.
Haru: The statistics don't lie, Ren-kun

Chapter 63
Chapter Summary

The immediate aftermath, and uncomfortable conversations

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Shit!”
“Ow…”
“What the hell!”
All the thieves tumble onto the pavement outside the Okumura Foods HQ, spotlighted by
streetlights and passing cars.
Sumire screws her eyes shut, and quickly skids back into the bushes, knowing they won’t be
leaving for a while.
“What happened?”
“We almost died, oh my god we almost died-”
“F-father, what’s going to happen to-?”
“How could you let this happen!?”
“We were going to die, it’s not anyone’s fault!”
Sumire presses her lips together tight. Goro is still slumped against her shoulder. He hasn’t
said anything yet.
“How can you say it’s no one’s fault?”
“What’s going to happen…?”
“What do we do?”
Everyone stops talking abruptly, as the atmosphere changes.
Sumire opens her eyes.

Ren has his phone out, finger hovering over the Nav, the skies above jagged black and red;
the eerie quiet of Mementos rather effective in shutting everyone up.
Ren slowly lowers his phone, “I figured we didn’t want to have this conversation in public.”
No. No they don’t.
“Fuck.” Goro says, so quietly that only Sumire can hear him.
She almost laughs.
“So,” Ren straightens up, face blank and shoulders stiff, “What now?”
A beat.
“O-our plan.” Makoto stutters, “We- we were supposed to-”
“You’re seriously thinkin’ about our plan right now?” Ryuji grits out, hunched in on himself.
He gestures to Haru, who still has her hands clamped over her face, “Can’t ya give her a
second?”
“If we don’t figure out what to do, a lot worse things are going to happen!” Morgana yowls,
“That- that was a psychotic breakdown, right?” He looks between Ren and Goro.
“Yeah.” Ren says when Goro doesn’t move, “Yeah, it was. Shit- Akechi, how long will that
take to- kick in?”
Goro takes a deep breath, and looks up, “Ordinarily, not long.” He says slowly, voice entirely
empty, “But you took his treasure too, yes? The two events may… clash.”
“Like it did with the mental shutdown last time.” Ren reasons, forcefully shoving his hands
in his pockets.
Haru looks between them frantically, and makes a choked noise.
Makoto’s eyes flick to Haru, and then narrow at Goro, “Why-? Why did you do that?”
“It was that, or we died.” Goro says simply, “We were out of time.”
Makoto deflates, fists clenching and unclenching.
“Is-” Haru manages to get out, “Is this- permanent, or-?”
Ren shakes his head quickly, “No. I-” He looks to Goro, “Right? It’s a one and done type
thing?”
Goro nods slowly, “Usually. The psychotic break will occur, and, assuming they live, the
victim will come out the other end with no memory of the event.”
“…Will the change of heart… mess with that?” Sumire asks tentatively.

Goro shrugs, staring back at the ground.
Well. They’re all in the same boat, then.
“…Is our plan to fake Okumura’s death no longer viable?” Yusuke eventually questions.
Ann laughs, a clear nervous tick, “It’s- we just don’t know anymore, do we?”
“What? So we just…” Futaba trails off, squatting on the ground with her knees tucked to her
chest, “I dunno- let this run its course? Maybe Okumura will be fine?” She picks at the grass,
voice quiet.
“But- we still have to fake his death, don’t we?” Ryuji stutters, “Like, Shido still has it out for
him, right?”
Ren shrugs, lips rolling together, “I don’t know. Shido could back off, since a psychotic break
happening is still- linking us to everything.”
“Shido won’t bother killing him if Okumura has a psychotic break.” Goro interjects, “It’ll be
suspicious if Okumura is blatantly assassinated after he’s already indisposed, and any
dramatic confessions about the conspiracy can be brushed off as the fault of the mental
breakdown.”
“So it’s fine then?” Ann asks hopefully, “We don’t even have to do anything? It’ll just…?”
“Fine.” Haru echoes dully.
“Isn’t it?” Ryuji looks between everyone, grimace tinged with desperation.
“Even if we’re safe from Shido,” Makoto explains, “We still don’t know what’s going to
happen to Okumura.” She looks to Goro, “You don’t- you can’t, I don’t know, control what
happens?”
“I gave him a bout of temporary insanity, Niijima.” Goro scoffs faintly, “What do you think?”
Makoto swallows, “Right.”
Ren laughs weakly, “Are we safe from Shido? A psychotic break wasn’t the plan, he’s going
to wonder what happened.”
“You all will probably be safe from him. He won’t jump the gun trying to find and murder
you all if the results are the same.” Goro says, “He’ll certainly have some questions for me,
though.”
Another uncomfortable pause.
Goro stands abruptly, and Sumire nearly falls over. She quickly dusts herself off and jumps
up as well.
He bows his head stiffly, “I’ll be in contact.” Turning on his heel and striding away.

“Wh- hey!” Ann calls, to no avail. No one else tries to stop him.
Sumire can see Ren’s blank façade beginning to crumble, as his shoulders draw further
inwards as Goro marches away, reaching up to tug furiously at his bangs.
Ryuji scoffs, and kicks at the ground, “So we just… go home?”
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, “But… what about…?” He jerks his head towards
Haru.
Haru jumps, “Oh…” Her voice is wobbly, “Oh, um.”
“Did you want to stay over at mine?” Sumire offers immediately, “Um, I’m sure my parents
wouldn’t mind.”
“Wouldn’t that be suspicious, though?” Yusuke ventures tentatively, “For you to be
mysteriously absent, and your father to have a psychotic break shortly after? Especially since
you’ve already changed the heart of your ex-fiancé.”
Ren shakes his head, “Okumura is a ticking time bomb. If it’s not safe, it’s not safe.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “…Whatever you think is best, Haru-san.”
Haru sniffs slightly, “I might… take you up on your offer, Sumi-chan. I think I’ll grab some
of my things first, though.”
“Uh, won’t it be bad if people see you come in and out?” Ann says, “Like, do you have
housemaids and stuff…?”
“I’ll only go to my room.” Haru quickly explains, “Through Mementos, I mean. There’s no
cameras there, so if I’m quiet it’ll be okay.”
Sumire stutters on a nod, “Right. Um- did you want me to come with you?”
Haru shakes her head, “It’s okay. I’ll go on my own.” She bows stiffly, “I’ll be back outside
shortly.”
“I’ll meet you here.” Sumire says. She shifts on her feet, “Um, I’m going to go check on
Goro quickly, as well.”
“If you can find him…” Ryuji mutters.
Sumire grimaces, “I’ll try.”, and she turns and jogs in the direction Goro left.
***
It takes longer than Sumire would like to find Goro, pacing a hole in the ground a few streets
away from the Okumura Foods HQ, still bathed in the sickly red of Mementos.
Sumire stops a few steps away from him, wringing her hands together.

Goro halts in his pacing to send Sumire a sharp glare, “What are you doing here?”
Sumire smiles weakly, “What do you think?”
Goro scoffs, the blank stare and tone from earlier melted away into something more erratic,
“I don’t need a babysitter. What? Did they send you to keep an eye on me?” He spits.
Sumire presses her lips together, “You know they didn’t. I’m here because I’m-” She
hesitates on the word, knowing it will probably be ill-received, “Worried.”
Goro rolls his eyes, “Is that right.”
Sumire nods, threading and unthreading her hands.
“Go home, Sumire.”
Sumire musters up a glare of her own, “Not until you’re okay.”
Her glare is met with double the ferocity, and she tries not to sink under the weight of it.
Goro’s pacing eventually starts up again, running a hand through his hair.
“I’m not sorry.” He says abruptly, “We were going to- I had to- I-” He stops walking again,
“Is Haru-san okay?”
Ah. “…I think so.” Sumire says, not entirely sure, “And I don’t think anyone blames you.”
She laughs, just a hair on the wrong side of hysterical, “You’re right! We lost! We…”
She wipes furiously at her eyes, some of everything starting to catch up with her.
Goro gives her a long look, “Okumura was already unstable.” He comments flatly, “We
probably should have suspected that would make his palace a nightmare, but nothing about
the leadup spelled it out.” His stare shifts to the ground, “I don’t have high hopes for how the
psychotic break will affect him.”
Sumire swallows, remembering Haru’s shaking voice, “I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
She says, subdued.
Goro snorts, “How blasé.”
Sumire frowns, tightening her ponytail for want of something to do.
Kasumi would probably know how to deal with all of this, she thinks, unbidden. Paste on a
smile so bright that everyone around her can’t help but copying it, recite a speech that’s
mostly empty platitudes but so heartfelt that everyone can’t help but feel moved.
Sumire’s little spiral skips conveniently over Maruki and lands right on Ren; and she is
abruptly reminded of his stiff shoulders and flat voice, and she thinks that maybe he actually
doesn’t really know how to deal with this any more than her.
Maybe Kasumi wouldn’t have, either.

Well. Sumire is the only one that’s here.
“You’re shaking.” She blurts, stepping a little closer.
Goro’s hands clench into fists, but that only makes them shake harder. He clicks his tongue,
“It’s fine. It’s just-” He waves a hand, the arc not particularly smooth, “Loki- it’s a give and
take, causing a break like that.”
Sumire thinks she might remember Goro mentioning that, at some point. She wishes she
remembered a little more.
“Oh.” She says in a quiet exclamation.
“It’ll wear off.” Goro says flatly.
She had assumed as much; but, still. She opens her mouth, and then clicks it shut, thinking
better of the words ready to spill from her tongue.
She decides to think better of thinking better, actually, “You can stay over at my place too, if
you need.” She says in a rush, “Haru-senpai will be there too. Um, my dad might raise an
eyebrow at me bringing a boy over, but if I say you’ll be staying in the guest room then he’ll
probably get over it-”
“Sumire.” Goro cuts her off, “It’s fine.”
She swallows, her throat still feels dry, “Are you sure?”
“Yes.” He tugs at his gloves, “I think I’d like to go home, now.”
“Alright.” Sumire concedes, knowing she can’t really fight him.
He nods shortly, not meeting her eyes, “See you.”
“See you.” Sumire echoes.
And he turns and leaves.
Sumire’s shoulders slump, and she starts heading back to the plaza. Haru is standing outside,
the rest of the thieves having dispersed, a bag over her shoulder.
She perks up slightly when she sees Sumire, and Sumire can’t quite tell if she’s faking it,
“Sumi-chan.” She says, “…Should we get going?”
Sumire tries to pull her lips up in a smile, “Yes. Um- sorry, it might take a while if we’re
going through Mementos.”
“That’s alright.” Haru says lightly, falling into step as Sumire starts walking, “It’s rather late,
so it’s safer this way.”
“Mm.” Sumire agrees.

After a few minutes of silence, Haru speaks up, “Was he okay?” She asks softly.
She doesn’t need to clarify who, “I’m not sure.” Sumire admits weakly, “I think he will be.”
Wishful thinking, maybe.
Haru nods, posture loosening slightly.
“What about you?” Sumire asks after a moment.
“Hm?”
“Are you alright?”
Haru grimaces, “I don’t know.”
Sumire halts in her tracks, and quickly pulls Haru forward, wrapping her arms around her
waist.
“Oh!” Haru exclaims, laughing slightly in surprise. Sumire hears her sniffle a little as she
reciprocates the hug.
“We’ll figure it out.” Sumire promises.
Haru sniffles a little more, “Thank you, Sumi-chan.”
Sumire hugs her a little tighter.
***
In hindsight, stealing Okumura’s heart a day before the school festival has turned out to be a
rather awful idea. Sumire concedes that no amount of foresight could have prepared them for
this fact, however.
No one seems thrilled to be here. Sumire arrived alongside Haru, their presence received with
strained smiles and forced greetings.
Goro isn’t here. Sumire isn’t sure if she wants to push it.
“Sooo…” Ann drawls out stiltedly, as they all sit down at one of the tables tucked away in the
school halls, far from the main congregation of people, “Um, did you guys want to do
anything, or…?”
Sumire almost thinks she hears crickets.
“Uh, Ann?” Ryuji gives her a look, “I dunno if anyone’s in the mood.”
Ann folds her arms in a huff, “Well, that’s exactly why I think we should do something!
Something fun! We’re all just gonna be miserable if we sit in silence will all this crap
hanging over our heads!”

“You have a point.” Yusuke tilts his head thoughtfully, “At the very least, I would like to
partake of some of the food stalls we passed on the way here.”
Futaba snorts quietly, “Yeah, yeah.” She elbows him, “Sojiro gave me some money, so I
guess I can share.”
Yusuke smiles cheerfully, “I am in your debt, Futaba.”
“You owe me a lot of money, Inari.” Futaba pokes him sharply in the side.
“…We can all pitch in.” Makoto says, bemused, her lips twitching up slightly.
“I’d like to try some of the food stalls, as well.” Haru interjects softly. She fidgets her hands
in her lap, “And maybe some of the other classes setups, too.”
“Ooo, that could be fun!” Ann nods enthusiastically, her smile growing more natural as the
conversation continues.
“I’d like that.” Ren says, “I didn’t see much of the festival back then. Just the after-party,
mostly.”
“Oh, how come?” Morgana pokes his head out of the bag.
Ren grimaces, “Well… a couple reasons. We weren’t that happy at the festival last time,
either.”
Sumire thinks that two minutes before the mood soured is better than nothing.
Haru’s smile falters, “Right…” She straightens up, “Well, I’d like to have a good time today.”
“Hear, hear.” Futaba chimes in, staring down at the table. She jumps up, “Well! Let’s get a
move on then, go, go! They’ll definitely sell out of food if we’re not quick!”
The rest of the thieves scramble out of their chairs, chatting away as they all start speeding
towards the stalls towards the centre of campus.
Sumire lags behind slightly, falling into step with Haru.
“…Do you think Goro-kun will show up?” Haru asks.
Sumire shrugs, knowing full well the answer is probably ‘no’. She knows that Haru knows
that, too, so… “Should we try calling him?”
Haru gives an incredulous laugh, “And demand he shows up?”
“If you want to?” Sumire offers with a sheepish grin.
Haru looks to consider this for a beat, before giving a firm nod. “I do.”
Sumire pulls out her phone, and scrolls through her contacts.

The first call, perhaps unsurprisingly, goes to voicemail.
Undeterred, she calls again.
A click,
“I was hoping you’d give up.” Goro comments flatly.
Sumire smiles, even though he can’t see it, “You folded pretty quickly, though.”
There’s only a short hum in response.
Sumire fidgets, “Um, so- you promised you’d show up?”
“Did I.”
“Well, maybe not promised,” Sumire amends, “But you did say, so…”
Even only hearing one half of the conversation, Haru frowns.
“C-can I put you on speakerphone?” Sumire quickly asks.
There’s a sigh, “Who else is here?”
“Just Haru-senpai.”
Another sigh, wearier than the last, “Go ahead, then.”
Sumire quickly presses the button, and holds the phone between her and Haru. “So,” She
starts again.
“I’m not going to show up.” Goro cuts her off, “I doubt I’d be entirely welcome, anyway.”
“Since I’m right here, you could just ask me, Goro-kun.” Haru interjects, airy with a thread of
steel, “I’d like it if you were here.”
“Really.”
“And I’d like to talk to you, as well.” Haru adds.
There’s a resigned chuckle, “Well, this is new.”
“Please?” Sumire pushes again, “It doesn’t have to be for long.”
“I have a headache.” Goro protests flatly, and Sumire figures he’s running out of arguments.
“Drink some water.” Haru suggests.
“That’s not- you’re both incredibly persistent.” Goro hisses.
Sumire’s lips pull up in a weak smile, “Are you going to come, then?”

“Must I remind you that we’re sitting on a ticking time bomb?”
He’s not out of arguments then, Sumire thinks, a little defeated.
“We’re well aware.” Haru says tightly, “But no one’s going to drop dead if you show up at a
school festival at the behest of your friends.”
A scoff, “Fine, then. If we’re digging our graves we might as well go all the way.”
“No one’s dying.” Sumire reiterates.
“We’ll see.” Goro says, and the line goes dead.
***
There are myriad reasons why Akechi doesn’t want to be here.
He’s not entirely put back together, he thinks. Still scattered about in cracks and debris,
clawing himself forward and trying to see if the jagged edges still fit.
The buzzing static and complete inability to think hasn’t persisted for very long, this time. A
blessing and a curse, Akechi supposes, as it turns out that Robin and Loki are never truly
silent during these episodes, he just can’t hear them.
Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose, and takes a deep breath.
This is your fault.
MINE? WOULD YOU RATHER WE BE A COLLECTION OF LIMBS IN THE
VACCUM OF SPACE?
Hardly! But it is your incessant effects on his mind thatI AM THOU AND THOU ART I! HIS MIND IS HIS OWN! THERE’S NOTHING
WRONG WITHDriving himself mad?
“I’m right here, you know.” Akechi grits quietly, feeling the sentiment ought to be expressed
aloud on the off chance it will make his personas shut up.
On his worst days, he has been inclined to blame them for all his misfortune. On his- best is
pushing it, but on the days he doesn’t entirely hate existing, he would be inclined to consider
them far more favourably.
He always remembers what they are. I am thou, thou art I. His choices and actions are his
alone, and having two halves of his head arguing about it is doing wonders about driving him
more permanently insane.
He doesn’t want to go to the school festival. Haru said she wants to talk, however, and, well.

He wonders, if the Haru of last timeline had attempted to strongarm him into a conversation
about her various grievances, if he would have complied. The uncertainty almost makes him
laugh, for how he is entirely unable to say no to her now.
The journey to Shujin takes longer than it feels it should. He wasn’t lying about his headache,
while on the phone to Sumire and Haru; mustering up the poise to smile and wave at the
students that point and whisper is taking a toll on what energy he has left.
He didn’t get a lot of sleep, last night.
He spots a flash of bright red, and an even brighter ribbon, along with blue, bleach blonde,
regular blonde, orange- the whole cohort.
HeDoesn’t want to talk to all of them.
Finding a relatively empty hall to duck into isn’t too difficult, and he sends a quick text to
Sumire and Haru announcing his presence. It’s Haru who finds him first- or perhaps she
called first dibs on talking to him.
“Goro-kun.” She says, as she walks up to him, a half-smile pulling at the edges of her lips.
“Haru-san.” Akechi responds in kind.
Haru’s smile widens slightly, “I’m glad you agreed to show up.”
“Hm.” Akechi hums shortly, “Well. You insisted.”
“That I did…” Haru trails off, a little awkward.
Akechi hates this. It feels strange, to reflect on his friendship with Haru in this way- their past
conversations suddenly seem far easier, in comparison to whatever the hell this is supposed
to be.
He never could quite read what she was thinking, last time- his freshest collateral victim.
There had almost been a businesslike politeness to her, throughout January. It had been
grating, at the time, just as it is now, though for far different reasons.
“You do that a lot.” Akechi comments.
Haru blinks, “…Insist on things?”
Akechi shakes his head, “No. Force yourself to act amicably.”
Haru looks almost hurt, “…I’m not forcing myself to act any particular way at the moment,
Goro-kun.”
Akechi looks her up and down, appraising. “…Right.”

“Why did you assume I was?” Haru pushes.
Akechi clenches his jaw, lowering his voice, “Haru-san, need I remind you what I just did to
your father?”
A short laugh bubbles from Haru’s lips, before she clamps a hand over her mouth, looking
mortified, “I-I’m sorry!” She stammers, like the apparent humour she finds in the situation
matters to Akechi at all, “It’s just- ha.”
She presses her lips together in a wobbly line, and Akechi stiffens. He knows how to deal
with her anger, wherever it may be directed- appreciates it, even. He doesn’t know how to
deal with her tears. He fears he’d be even less help than last time.
“I’m not upset.” Haru insists, and Akechi can only give her a flat stare at the blatant lie. “I’m
not, it’s just-”
Akechi presses his lips together.
Haru laughs delicately, “I honestly did just want to talk. I didn’t mean to-” She gestures to her
face, and it twists a little further, “…I honestly don’t know why I’m so upset.” She admits,
voice a bit wet. She laughs weakly, “But I feel like I’m not upset enough, either.”
Akechi doesn’t care to repeat what he said to Sumire the day prior. And any empty platitudes
would be frankly insulting.
So he stays quiet.
“…I feel like we’ve had this conversation before.” Haru observes, quickly swiping at her
eyes.
“We have.” Akechi confirms. “You can say it again though, if you’d like.” He offers, for how
little he’d like to retread the ground that always leads him a little too close to thinking about
Shido.
Haru, thankfully, shakes her head, “No, no it’s alright.” She rolls out her shoulders, and
straightens up, “I told you, once, that if you were put in a difficult position, not to sacrifice
yourself for my sake.”
“I told you I never intended to.” Akechi points out.
“And you haven’t.” A ghost of a smile plays on Haru’s lips, “I think I’m glad.” She huffs
shortly, “We were all going to die.”
“Right.” Akechi murmurs, thinking of alarms and machinery and a wash of stars. The list of
imagery that has been solidly ruined for him is on the rise, it seems.
Haru takes a shaky breath, “Quite the close call, no?”
“Quite.” Akechi agrees, “Closer than last time, too.”

Haru laughs humourlessly, “Let’s hope this isn’t a pattern.”
“I’d make a guess, based on our plan, but that’s all in the trash, isn’t it?” Akechi sighs, “I hate
this waiting.”
“I hate it too.” Haru agrees, “It seems like it’s all we do lately, isn’t it?” She sighs, an ironic
grimace pasted on her face, “Let’s hope we don’t have to wait for long.”
“No, I expect that we won’t.” Akechi mutters.
Haru’s gaze flicks to the floor, “Do you think- that is to say-” She pauses to retake her breath,
“Do you think my previous… preparations, will still be necessary?”
Akechi tilts his head, considering. It’s a valid question, steeped in just as much uncertainty as
the rest of this nightmare.
“I would say no.” Akechi eventually decides, “Don’t dismiss them entirely, in case there is a
follow-up attempt on your father’s life; but, I think the chances of that occurring are
unlikely.”
Haru nods slowly, “I understand.” She pauses, “I wonder-” And cuts herself off.
Akechi cocks his head in question, but Haru just smiles slightly and shakes her head.
“Nevermind.” She says, “Now, shall we join the others?”
***
Futaba doesn’t know how to feel about the past few days.
It’s weird to think that she hasn’t actually been a Phantom Thief for very long. Okumura’s
palace, excluding her own, was going to be the first time she actually participated in a full
heist and stole someone’s heart.
She supposes they technically still succeeded. She also knows that the response to do you
guys accidentally cause psychotic breakdowns often is a solid ‘No’.
She guesses there’s a first time for everything. It’s nice to be included.
…She thinks she would have preferred not being included in this, actually. She feels weird.
The purest essence of the word, in fact. She feels guilty, too, which she thinks might be a bit
stupid, because what else was she supposed to do? Navigate harder?
As that thought crosses her mind, she think that it might have actually been beneficial if she
did. Her whole job is to make sure a fight goes smoothly, and that fight did not go smoothly.
She feels weird about being saved, technically, by Akechi as well. She feels worse that the
result is this.
At least Haru seems to be taking it alright. Or she’s a great liar- what does Futaba know?

It’s a mess, but at least it has a short fuse. Futaba isn’t sure she could handle stewing in this
for weeks- the projected few days is more than enough already. Pretending everything is fine
is pretty easy while she’s running around a school festival, anyway.
She sees Haru rejoin them, with Akechi at her side. Huh. She thought he wasn’t going to
show up, honestly. She wonders if he feels bad.
That thought is a sure-fire way for Futaba to trip into other thoughts that she very much does
not wish to have, so sheWell.
Hm.
Akechi’s standing off to the side, not talking to anyone, aside from Sumire or Haru
occasionally turning and saying something, plus some weird non-verbal eye fight with Ren
(ew)- though, as she looks a little closer, that seems to be mostly Ren making a fool of
himself while Akechi ignores him, what else is new?
There’s an opportunity here.
It’s the afternoon, and there’s only an hour or so before the festival starts wrapping up for day
one anyway, so,
Fuck it.
“Hey, nerd.” Futaba blurts, as she sidles up to Akechi.
Akechi gives her the flattest look she’s ever seen. She valiantly doesn’t shrink back from it.
“Futaba-chan.” Akechi says, “To what do I owe the pleasure.” It doesn’t sound much like a
question. Futaba thinks it actually sounds an awful lot like go away please, which she
guesses is about as polite as Akechi gets when he’s not doing his weird idol routine.
“I want to talk.” She manages to get out.
Akechi gives her an incredulous stare, and looks pointedly around at the festival, “Now?”
“No, in three years.” Futaba sticks her tongue out, “Yes now.”
Akechi gives a quick side eye to the rest of the thieves milling about the student body, and
tightly folds his arms with a roll of his eyes, “Fine. Where to?”
Futaba matches the eyeroll, asshole, “Around the side somewhere, I guess. Away from
people.”
“I figured.” Akechi lets his arms fall to his side, “Lead the way.”
Futaba stuffs her hands in her pockets, and attempts to do just that. It’s a little awkward,
trying to find her way through a campus that she’s never actually been to before. She’s not

sure if Akechi notices, since he shouldn’t have spent that much time here either, but she still
feels thoroughly judged.
Not a great start.
Eventually, she manages to find an alley around the side of the school, far from the general
clamour of the school festival. They, miraculously, only managed to draw a few weird looks
on their way there- surely they recognised Akechi, but no one was brave enough to walk up
to him, it seems.
She spins on the balls of her feet to face him, pressing her lips together in a little huff. “So.”
Akechi looks almost resigned, which Futaba almost finds funny, “So. I believe I know what
this is about.”
“Do you.” Futaba states more than asks, shifting on her feet, “Did you think I dragged you
out here to be like ‘you killed my mom, prepare to die?’”
“Something to that effect.” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Though, perhaps not, if you’re so
blasé.”
Futaba snorts, and looks at the ground, “Yeah, sure. I think- I don’t know what I think.
Maybe I’d like to do that.” She takes a deep breath, “But there’s something I want to ask
first.”
Akechi inclines his head slightly, “Go ahead.”
Futaba puffs out her cheeks. Great, she really has no idea where to start with this- her nerves
are starting to catch up to her.
From the beginning, then, “So, before we figured out all your time travel bullshit, Makoto
and I were trying to figure out your deal.”
Akechi’s other eyebrow shoots up to meet the first, “Oh? Even considering your respective
skillsets, I can’t imagine you found much.”
Futaba will think about that response later. “Not really.” She admits, “Not at first. All your
records are wiped clean,” Which is suspicious in and of itself, “And Makoto’s sis knows jack
shit about you.”
“I don’t tend to tell the gritty details of my sordid past to my coworkers, no.” Akechi says
dryly.
Futaba makes a token effort not to laugh, and ends up with a half-choked scoff, “Good tragic
backstory practice. Keep it mysterious. So, we couldn’t find anything, and I was kinda
weirded out because usually I can find anything, and-” She’s getting sidetracked, “But,
basically, I started thinking about the other big time where I couldn’t find any information
about something.”
Akechi tilts his head, “That being?”

Futaba chews on her lip, “My mom’s research. I spent a long time looking for it, and just like
all your stuff, I couldn’t find even a bit of it.”
Akechi freezes.
“So, I started thinking it might be connected,” Futaba continues, spurred on by the response,
“And I asked the only other person who might know something about my mom’s stuff.”
Akechi can’t quite meet her eyes. “Sakura-san, I presume?”
Okay, okay, now she’s getting somewhere, “Yep. And he said that my mom was-” She
swallows, “-Experimenting. On people. He said he met some ‘scrawny kid’.”
Akechi’s nose wrinkles at the descriptor. Futaba doesn’t know if she should laugh or cry.
“So?” Futaba pushes, “It was you, right?”
Now, Akechi’s eyes shoot up to glare at her. “What makes you think that?”
Oh, this is how they’re doing this, huh? “Well.” Futaba starts, and tries to find her thin thread
of logic, “I guess my first thought was- for a kid to be useful in a cognitive psience study-” It
feels wrong, speaking about it so detachedly; her mom, a name on a research paper, probablyAkechi, an unnamed participant, “-They’d probably have something to do with, y’know,
cognitive psience. Like a persona user, maybe. So I got to thinking that maybe it was the
black mask, since we didn’t know who it was at the time. And, well,” She gestures to the
aforementioned black mask.
“Well?” Akechi echoes, “So what? What are you trying to get out of this? It’s not like I have
access to her research- Shido keeps that under lock and key.”
That’s as good as a confirmation- even more than all the other little ticks that have littered the
conversation. Futaba presses her lips together- she has no idea where to go from here.
“That was one thing I wanted.” She admits. She sucks in a breath, a bit shaky- shit, “But…
you knew her.” She accuses.
Akechi’s eyes narrow at the ground, “I did.”
“And you killed her.” Futaba says, properly accusatory now.
“That’s been established.” Akechi intones, clipped.
“You-” Futaba clenches her jaw, a righteous anger bubbling in her chest, “You don’t just get
to-!”
Her eyes sting, throat tightening, and she thinks: this, this is why she didn’t think about it. To
think, that someone who knew her mom, worked with her, had entire conversations with her,
to think that person killed the mom she loved so, so much, and Futaba had to watch-

“I don’t just get to what?” Akechi says lowly, a hiss creeping into his voice. “I don’t want to
talk about this.”
“Well I do.” Futaba spits, “You knew her, you knew her and you still killed her. Did you even
care? Did you know about me?”
“I did.” It almost sounds like a confession.
Futaba clenches her fists, “Why?” She asks- begs, voice wrecked.
Akechi clicks his tongue, shoulders tense, “What do you want to hear? That knowing her
made it so hard? That I cared about what would happen after? Even if it were true, it clearly
doesn’t matter. She’s dead all the same.”
“So you did care?” Futaba chokes out, furiously rubbing at her eyes so that they stop“No. I didn’t.” Akechi sneers, “I didn’t give a single shit. Hell- I felt relieved when I got the
order.”
Stop, stop, her mom was amazing, and wonderful, and how could anyone that knew her be
glad she’s gone, “Shut up.”
“Don’t ask things you don’t want answers to.” Akechi grits.
(What about the-) How dare he- why the hell does he get to be here when her mom isn’t?
Why does- (She hasn’t asked about the research, that’s the missing-) No, no, shut up, it
wasn’t bad, her mom would never- (How does she know? How could she-)
“Just- just leave me alone!” Futaba shouts, tears properly streaming down her face, “Just go
away!”
She spins on her heel so fast that she stumbles, sprinting out of the alley, ignoring the way
people turn and look at her, and people are staring, don’t look, why can’t they just leaveShe staggers to a stop outside the school, pressing herself against a brick wall and sinking to
the ground, legs tucked against her chest and face streamed with snot and tears pressed
forcefully into her knees.
(The Death grows to rank four, and Akechi ignores its thrum.)
***
Ren tries not to feel worried when both Akechi and Futaba suddenly vanish from the group,
an hour or so before the festival ends for the first day.
He had actually been looking for the right moment to pull Akechi away himself- but it seems
like Futaba beat him to it. Which is- new. He thinks he should be worried, but it seems worse
to look for them to try and, what, intervene?
He can’t be the mediator for everything, and certainly not something like this.

Still, the urge to make sure nothing goes too awry remains.
The festival activities come to a close for the day, and he still hasn’t seen Futaba or Akechi.
The other thieves slowly start to disperse, expressions tense- likely from a combination of the
Sword of Damocles resting over their necks and their obvious absentees.
Ren shoots Futaba a quick where are you? text.
Three ellipses appear and disappear for a moment, before eventually a response comes in.
Futaba: outside the school
Ren: front or back?
Ren: or all the way at the station?
Futaba: front
Ren takes that as enough invitation. He steps through the gates, scanning the street up and
down, until he sees Futaba, half tucked away in a gap between the buildings.
He squats in front of her, “Hey.”
Futaba slowly drags her face out of her knees. Her cheeks are wet, and her eyes are puffy,
“Hey.” She mumbles.
Ren thinks that maybe he should have played mediator. Though, maybe that would have
made it worse. “What’s up?”
“Mm.” She swallows, “I think I messed up.”
“Yeah?”
She nods, chin tapping against her legs, “I didn’t mean to…”
Ren tries not to fill in the blank with whatever worst-case scenario his brain is insistent on
cooking, “You were with Akechi, right?”
She nods again, “I wanted to ask him something. But then I just got so mad, and…”
Ren tries for a light-hearted smirk, “He’s still alive, right?”
“Oh, he’s just fine.” Futaba mutters, steeped in bitterness.
Ren drops the expression, “Alright. …Why do you think you messed up, then?”
“I wanted to ask him about mom.” Futaba says quietly, and Ren is starting to get a better
picture for why this went horribly.
“About her research?” Ren asks, wondering if that’s something Akechi would even have
access to.

“Yep.” Futaba says with an unceremonious pop. She tucks her knees even closer to her chest,
“I needed to know if he was the guy mom did experiments or whatever on, and he didn’t say
it, but it’s definitely him.”
Ren loses the thread.
What?
“Your mom…?” Experimented on people. Cognitive psience, so Ren guesses that makes
sense, but experimented on Akechi“Mmhm.” Futaba hums flatly, “I don’t know anything about it, because I didn’t ask.” She
says, brows furrowing in frustration, “And I dunno if he’ll talk to me again.”
Ren smiles weakly, trying to bring himself back to the conversation, “I’m sure he will.” He
says, and he’s fairly certain he’s telling the truth, “He can’t be more upset with you than me,
right? If he’s mad at you at all.”
Futaba snorts, “Sounding pretty confident there.”
“Well, you know.” Ren shifts out of his squat to sit properly on the ground.
“I don’t.” Futaba grits out, “I don’t know. I have no idea what to do.”
Ren hums, “What do you want to do?”
“I don’t want to apologise.” Futaba grips at her knees, “He was a dick.”
“Maybe you can both apologise, then…?” Ren suggests tentatively, “If you hurt each other?”
He doesn’t know where the middle ground is, for something like this.
“Maybe.” Futaba mumbles, not sounding convinced. She abruptly stands, “I want to go
home.”
Ren stands as well, “Then let’s go.”
Futaba nods, and stares at the ground as she walks.

Chapter End Notes

i am so so so annoyed I had this chapter all prepped and then my internet and ao3 were
like "but what if we deleted that?" and now I have to do it AGAIN UGHanyway
fun times at the school festival! :D

also, I made some art for The Events of Last Chapter, which you can find here!
Aaaaand, this was made a while ago technically but for some reason my brain didn't
think to link it: Zoe (cookiecomics on tumblr) made a meme for this fic that I am still
laughing at weeks later. seriously it gets funnier everytime I watch it HAHAHA you can
find here!
Socials! I suppose I should mention that I occasionally share WIP's of fftsr on my
tumblr? not on any particular schedule, or anything, but just when I find something
funny and feel the need to share it weeks in advance lmao
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! before the OG chapter got nuked I did a bit about not being able to make a
joke about the Death because I was hungry. Unfortunately that no longer stands since I
have now had dinner. I still can't think of a joke though HAHAHA
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 4
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: That chat with Haru wasn't entirely awful. Maybe this day isn't going to be
terribleFutaba: hey
Akechi: nevermind
(also entirely unrelated but send help I tripped back into the aoc/botw/totk rabbit hole I
can't escape help)

Chapter 64
Chapter Summary

Musings, festivals, and talks that none want to have.

Chapter Notes

CW: small reference to suicide and suicidal ideation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi doesn’t like thinking about Wakaba Isshiki.
Some days are better than others, as is commonplace. Some days, even the thought of her
name will send him spiralling into rivers and lakes in his mind, pushing his head underwater
to drown his voice and lungs. Some days, he can regard her memory with a calm detachment
more befitting of someone far removed.
That all happened to someone else, you see, of course! There was no laboratory, there was no
temple, there was no gun, and there was no child that the researcher would always love more.
Akechi never particularly liked thinking about Futaba Sakura, either, until circumstances
have forced him to start thinking about her quite a bit.
How Futaba managed to unearth the dots that all string together in a neat little row with
words like experiments and Black Mask and ethical malpractice is beyond him. He only met
the elder Sakura once, during his time at the lab, before Wakaba had quickly ushered him out
with cheerful deflections and vague allusions to NDA’s. Perhaps Sakura just has a good
memory.
Perhaps, Akechi owes Futaba something like answers. He disagrees. In his opinion, Wakaba
owes Futaba answers, Wakaba owes him answers too- but, well,
If there’s no one left alive to provide what Futaba is looking for, that’s fine by Akechi. He can
play a role in her head just fine. So long as she doesn’t forget the larger villain while she’s at
it.
It’s curious, though- this didn’t happen last time. This argument, these questions. The most
obvious difference Akechi can think of that Futaba alluded to is that she went properly
digging, as opposed to having the go-ahead to pick through his phone and find all his secrets.

But it still doesn’t add up. Futaba was borderline friendly to him, during January, and Akechi
has never been able to understand why. He certainly can’t now, when this Futaba is reacting in
the way that he can only expect her to.
He did taunt her, though. He didn’t do that last time. Is that really enough for such a drastic
difference? Maybe she was able to stomach talking to him by silently plotting his revenge,
unaware of the fact that Akechi already had a death sentence ticking down in both past and
future.
The worst reason he can think of is that witnessing his death made her pity him. Akechi
doesn’t like that one, so he disregards it.
But none of that matters, really.
The facts are as follows: Akechi is not going to discuss Wakaba Isshiki, not with Futaba, not
with anyone. He isn’t going to think about her either- he’s had more than enough of that
between Futaba’s little mission and Sae’s probing questions, and that brief conversation with
Sumire months ago,
He didn’t particularly enjoy learning that Futaba had a palace.
(It felt, weirdly, absurdly, like a betrayal to Wakaba. Like Futaba stewing in her own misery
was some fate that Akechi had promised to circumvent.
He promised no such thing. He and Wakaba didn’t have promises- not ones that held any
weight, not worth the paper they were written on.
He idly wonders if Wakaba ever read contracts she signed. He thinks (fondly, absurdly,
absurd, it’s all so ridiculous) that she may have been too scatterbrained to ever bother.
She was far more precise in practice-)
He isn’t thinking about her, he isn’t.
If he tries to avoid the school festival again tomorrow, no doubt Sumire or Haru will pester
him until he folds. Maybe if he’s snappy enough they’ll leave him be. He doubts it.
No choice, then, as ever.
You’re stagnating.
AREN’T YOU BORED?
Is he?
***
Ren is determined.

It’s the second day of the festival, and while he would have honestly preferred to do it
yesterday, now seems like as good a time as any (far superior to, say, a week from now, when
Ren will surely lose his nerve and sink beneath a lake of apathy) to find Akechi and demand
they talk. Properly. No holds barred.
It’s something of a surprise that Akechi is here at all, considering what Ren can only interpret
as a disastrous conversation with Futaba yesterday, but he won’t look a gift horse in the
mouth.
The group is still tense, scattered about in twos and threes without being entirely separatedAkechi is standing off to the side, avoiding even Haru and Sumire, it seems.
Ren takes a breath and takes his chances.
“Hey.” He says, marching up to Akechi’s side, “Can we go somewhere? I want to talk.”
The look Akechi gives him is eerily blank, like he’s deciding how violently to react. Ren
hopes he can convince him to just come along before he lands on an answer.
“Somewhere more quiet.” Ren continues. Abruptly, he realises that Akechi might have some
assumptions about what this is, “I’m- this isn’t about Futaba. Or Okumura. I wanted to talk
about- uh, us?”
He curses himself for the stutter, and for phrasing it like a question. Fuck, where the hell is
Joker’s conviction when he needs it?
Left somewhere behind in the false reality, probably.
Well, it’s not like it was that reliable to begin with.
Akechi’s eyes narrow, flicking up and down.
“Please?” Ren adds quietly, “It’ll be quick.” Probably a lie, knowing them.
Akechi scoffs, seeming more tired than affronted. Ren can work with that.
“Where to, then?” Akechi asks snippily, “You’re the one who knows your way around.”
Ren bites at his lip as he considers it, “The old PE faculty office, I guess? It’s empty.” He
tries for a smile, “Familiar, huh?”
Akechi ignores him, and stalks off in the direction of the abandoned faculty office, barely
checking to see if the other thieves’ attentions are diverted before he does. Ren checks a little
more thoroughly before following, only catching the eyes of Ann, who gives him a pointed
eyebrow waggle which Ren can’t be bothered to unpack.
He nods anyway, and turns to follow Akechi.
There’s barely anyone in the corridors to begin with, and Ren doesn’t have to make much of
a show of stealth as he clicks the door shut behind them.

“If this is another lecture on teamwork,” Akechi says, staccato, “Then you can save it. I did
what I did out of necessity, and I was hardly causing any problems during the fight proper.”
Ren shakes his head firmly, “No, I know.”
Akechi tilts his head, appraising, “I suppose you didn’t seem particularly disturbed, when it
happened.”
Ren reaches to tug at his bangs, unsure if he should be feeling ashamed or not, “No. Not
really. I could kind of tell that was what you were about to do.”
“Hm.” Akechi snorts humourlessly, “Well, be that as it may. Get on with whatever it is you
want to say.” You know I won’t listen, his eyes say.
Ren will make him listen.
He considers the angle he should take. He probably should have considered it sooner.
“We’ve been letting everything fester.” Ren starts slowly, “I wanted to give you space, at
first.”
Akechi’s lips twist into a scowl, as he probably realises exactly what kind of talk this is,
“Space.” He spits, “You really believe space can fix this?” He gestures vaguely.
“Evidently not.” Keep your cool, keep your cool.
“And what?” Akechi continues, derisive, “You’re changing tactics? Wondering if begging me
on your hands and knees will fix anything?”
Ren had, admittedly, considered it. “I think we should talk about what happened in
February.” He blurts instead.
Akechi, to his credit, does not immediately blow up in Ren’s face. He instead laughs
mockingly, “What’s there to say?”
Ren swallows, “A lot, I think.”
“Well, I certainly don’t have anything to say.” Akechi snaps, “This is all it is: I told you not to
take the deal. We all did,” He adds on like an afterthought, “But apparently your opinion is
the only one that matters.”
Ren presses his lips together, “I wanted to explain myself.”
“Explain what?” Akechi pushes, and sneers, “Explain your reasoning? You think you’re so
fucking above it all, Ren.”
“I don’t-” Ren protests. He cuts himself off, keep your cool, “I didn’t do it because I thought I
was better than you. That I deserved to make the choice more, or something.”

“No one should have made the choice, and that’s the problem.” Akechi seethes, “But you did
make the choice. I’m so sick of it. I’m so sick of you.”
“I wasn’t trying to- control you.” Ren gets out, voice not wavering, “I just wanted you alive.”
“God, you sound just like Maruki.” Akechi spits, “Do you even hear yourself?”
“I’m not.” Ren snaps, “I’m-”
You are. Metatron interrupts, and Ren deflates.
Fuck.
Ren starts again, “I-”
“Um, hello? Is there someone in there?”
Ren and Akechi both freeze.
“Oh, the door’s locked. Sorry- I heard shouting? Um, I think this part of the school is offlimits, at the moment. I know it’s easy to get lost! Haha.”
Akechi looks caught between furious and exhausted. Ren doesn’t feel any better.
“Could you open the door? Sorry, you’re not in trouble! I-”
Ren takes a short breath, and stalks over to swing the door open.
Maruki jumps, surprised, “Oh- Amamiya-kun?”
“Hi, doc.” Ren says, flat.
Ren is pretty sick of this too, now that he thinks about it.
“I didn’t expect it’d be you in here,” Maruki says, sounding amazed, “I thought you’d be out
enjoying the festival with your friends. Though I guess in retrospect I did hear your voice, I
just didn’t connect it to- oh!” His eyes catch on Akechi, “Aren’t you…?”
“Hm.” Is all that Akechi offers, apparently not deeming Maruki worth the effort of his
princely mask.
“You keep famous company, Amamiya-kun!” Maruki laughs, oblivious to or ignoring the
atmosphere, “Oh- but, oh, you were shouting- is everything alright?”
“Just fine.” Ren says, one hand still on the door, “We were having a conversation.”
“Oh, well…” Maruki laughs awkwardly, in that way he often does, “Don’t let me interrupt
you? Oh, but- this place is off limits for the festival, and in general I think, so-”
“We’ll be quick.” Ren interrupts, “Promise.”

Ren hears something like a muffled scoff behind him, and valiantly ignores it.
“Well…” Maruki grimaces, looking a little conflicted. He eventually relents with a sigh, “I
suppose I trust you, Amamiya-kun.” He chuckles, “Maybe you can pay me back by helping
out with my research some more? Or even just stopping by for regular counselling. It’s been
while!”
“Will do.” Ren will not. “I’ll see you around.” He will continue to actively avoid him.
“Good to hear.” Maruki says with an earnest smile, “See you, Amamiya-kun! And you as
well, Akechi-kun, it was nice meeting you.”
Akechi’s face splits with a smile so plastic that Ren thinks he must be making it look fake on
purpose, “Likewise.” He says, voice entirely saccharine.
Maruki, again either oblivious or pointedly ignorant, smiles and waves as he takes a step
back, “Enjoy the rest of the festival! I hear there’s an afterparty, if you’re interested.”
“Yep.” Ren mumbles, and quickly closes the door again, locking it. He strains his ears, and
only relaxes as he hears Maruki’s footsteps disappear down the hall.
“Well.” Akechi eventually says, dry as the desert, “Do you hear it yet?”
“Hear what?” Ren sighs, only half turning around.
“The resemblance is uncanny.” Akechi drawls, “Glasses and hair that’s never seen a brush? I
think you’re cramping his style.”
Ren half laughs, smiling miserably, “I thought I was supposed to sound like him, not be his
long-lost relative.”
Akechi tilts his head, thinking performatively, “I suppose. I could also hunt through my
phone for one of Shido’s drunken voicemails. I wonder how similar you would sound to
him?”
Ren freezes, “You’re crossing a line.” He says lightly, like they’re just friends joking around.
“Am I?” Akechi says innocently, coy as he’s ever been.
“Yes.” Ren hisses, “He ruined my life- he ruined your life- don’t- I hate him just as much as
you do, don’t compare us just because you’re pissed.”
“He did ruin my life.” Akechi agrees easily, “But you and Maruki took a very solid crack at
ruining my death, too. One I could escape from, if I was desperate. The other, well.”
Ren scoffs, incredulous and just a touch hysterical, “Don’t make it sound like I’m worse than
him.”
“No, I suppose you’re not.” Akechi hums, and Ren really hates how easily he took control of
this conversation, “You’re definitely more pathetic, though.” He narrows his eyes, “After all

this, it’s almost like you're still convinced you haven’t done anything wrong.”
This is a test. It’s not even thinly veiled- Akechi’s trials never are.
“I-” Ren chokes, “It’s okay though -now- isn’t it? You’re not dead. You’re not going to die.
We’re going to get through this.”
Swing and a miss. Strike one, or one thousand. Ren doesn’t think either of them are really
counting.
“You think that just because Sumire miraculously got the chance to kick the can down the
road, that all is well?” Akechi sneers, his airy taunts slipping.
Ren grimaces, “Better her than either of us, right?”
Akechi snorts, and Ren takes it as a victory, “For you, maybe. If I woke up back in April, the
first thing I would have done is kill you.”
A lifeline. Ren almost smiles. “You haven’t killed me, though.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “I didn’t wake up in April. I woke up in October.” He says slowly,
like he’s questioning Ren’s intelligence.
“You’ve still had the chance, though.” Ren points out, getting somewhere, “You had a sword
to my throat, and you didn’t kill me. Why?”
“Perhaps I don’t think you’re worth the effort.” Akechi spits.
“Liar.” Ren says simply.
“Don’t turn this on me.” Akechi snarls, “If your intention was to gear up to some big
apology, you’re doing a terrible fucking job.”
Point. “Is that something you want from me?” Ren asks, genuinely.
“I don’t want anything from you.” Akechi says, sounding so, so tired, “I wanted you to not
take the deal. I was certain you wouldn’t.” He scoffs, “It was a rather unpleasant shock, to
realise you weren’t the person I thought you were at all.”
A moment,
“I’m still me.” Ren says quietly.
“Are you?” Akechi accuses, “Really? Are you? You take a gun to your head with grace, but
the second it’s turned around the challenge is suddenly too much. Why?”
There is something Ren could say. It would be painfully, catastrophically true. He couldn’t lie
if he tried.
He doesn’t say it.

“Your life isn’t-” This is too familiar for Ren’s liking.
“I’m not playing this game with you.” Akechi spits, “We’re not doing this again. You want
things to be normal? Convince me that you wouldn’t make the same choice, if the
circumstances presented themselves once again.”
Ren’s mouth goes dry. He swallows. “I never wanted to put you in a cage.” You know that,
right? You have to know that, you have to“I thought I said convince me.” Akechi growls, and grits out, “Your attempt is lacking.”
And Akechi turns on his heel and leaves, throwing the door open, fury in his step and
frustration baked into every line of his body.
And RenRen thinks, about November, half-heartedly reaching out for something he knew wasn’t
possible, making sure the game was set in his favour. He thinks about December, pounding
his fists against a watertight door with the mortifying knowledge that he was too late, that he
irrecoverably fucked up- rigged the game and watched patiently as the other player spooled
out more than enough rope to hang himself with.
He thinks about January, the blissful ignorance of thinking he had a second chance, reaching
out again and again with a desperate fervour, begging the other in the safety of his mind,
don’t run from me, don’t you dare hide, I can fix this, I can make this work, one month and
then we have the rest of our lives.
(February, where he made a choice)
And now,
The blood that binds the Justice, fractured, but not broken.
I’m not letting you slip away, Ren thinks to Goro’s retreating back. Somewhere, in the depths
of Ren’s mind, he feels the silver of Metatron’s face curl into a smile.
***
“Sooo, that kinda sucked.” Ann drawls out, as she exits the haunted house attraction with the
rest of the present thieves.
Sumire, in the privacy of her own mind while her classmates are still withing earshot, agrees.
She isn’t so confident to think that if she contributed more, then the exhibit would have
turned out better, but really, what they got was a pretty sad showing.
“I had hoped for a little more, yes.” Haru sighs, “What else are we missing? We tried most of
the food stalls yesterday…”
“I think the play is already halfway through by now.” Makoto chimes in, “I’m not sure if
they’re doing more than one run through, so we might have to cut our losses on that front.”

“Man…” Ryuji groans, “This is so lame.”
“The afterparty wasn’t too bad.” Sumire adds, “But we have to wait a little longer for that.”
Futaba hums, “I kinda just wanna go home, to be honest.”
Makoto grimaces in what Sumire assumes is supposed to be a sympathetic smile, “Well, if
Ren doesn’t want to leave, you can ask one of us to take you home.”
Futaba sighs, “If Ren wants to stick around I guess I can wait. Maybe.”
“Where the hell is Ren?!” Morgana complains, “He disappeared ages ago!”
Sumire figured it was pretty obvious, considering who else is missing.
Ann laughs stiltedly, “Yeah, gee, I wonder!”
It seems like the thieves take that as a collective not their business, and dissolve back into
chatter. Sumire takes the opportunity to walk up to Ann’s side.
“Um, so,” Sumire starts, unsure how worried she should be, “Do you actually know where
Ren and Goro went?”
Ann startles, and then deflates, “Okay, well, not really. But Ren asked me for advice the other
day! So I guess he’s probably trying to-” She waves her arms, “Put it into action.”
“Ah.” Sumire hums flatly, “Well, if we find a corpse…?”
Ann snorts, “We’ll know what happened then. I’m sure it’ll be fine! Let’s not talk about those
idiots- thinking about them too much stresses me out.”
Sumire laughs into her hand, “I get that.” She looks around, “How should we waste some
time?”
Ann’s smile looks more like a grimace, “Oh boy, we’ve been stretched so thin that even the
words ‘wasting time’ freak me out. I’ve had to cancel a couple photo shoots just because of
how busy we’ve been.”
“Me too, actually.” Sumire frowns, “Oh- not photo shoots,” She laughs, “But I have had to
call out of a lot of practice sessions with my club. I think my coach is starting to get annoyed
with me.”
Ann presses her lips together, “That sucks… I’m really worried about getting a reputation for
being flaky. But it’s not like I can get a doctor’s note to be like Sorry! I was off stealing
hearts in the metaverse! No I can’t tell you what that is!” She blows a raspberry.
Sumire giggles under her breath, “Doesn’t Ren-senpai have a doctor he goes to? Maybe we
can beg her for something.”

“God, I wish.” Ann pouts, “But that would be super suspicious if anyone bothered to look
probably, and ugh- I’m not cut out for this!”
“I’m not much of a tactician either.” Sumire admits, though she supposes it’s probably
obvious, “I-” She sighs, “I’ve been kind of getting away with being absent a lot in practice,
since… Kasumi died at the start of the year. It’s not like I’ve been telling anyone that’s why
I’ve been missing practice, but- I don’t know. I really don’t like using her as my excuse,
especially when it isn’t true.”
Ann tilts her head curiously, “Is it not true?” She blanches, “Oh my god, that was probably
super insensitive. Sorry! Ignore me!”
Sumire flashes her a small smile, “It’s alright. I don’t mind. It’s…” She huffs, “I didn’t take
any time off, at first, in the original 2016.” She explains, “I just… went to practice, did
terribly, and then felt even more miserable.”
Ann tugs on one of her pigtails, “So is it like… it’s been nearly two years for you, so it’s
kinda- duller? Or something?”
Sumire does not want to think about how it’s been technically nearly two years since Kasumi
died- her chest tightens at the thought, and she breathes in sharply to try and dispel it. “I- I
guess that’s part of it. But- it was only a few weeks after… that, that Dr Maruki made me
think I was Kasumi. So then I spent nearly a whole year being miserable at practice, but I
didn’t even understand why.”
Ann frowns, “So did… Sumire, as like, a concept, just not exist for you?”
Sumire shakes her head, “No, it’s-” She laughs self-deprecatingly, “It’s kind of funny,
honestly. In my head, I was Kasumi Yoshizawa, and my younger sister had died in an
accident just a few months ago. But- I guess it would have been my cognition of Kasumi, that
she didn’t let something like that get to her. I was sad, but…”
Not nearly as devastated as Sumire had been, when she saw red painting the road, washing
out with the rain.
“Wow, that is…” Ann puffs out her cheeks, “Freaky. All of it is. I guess- like, it did kind of
happen to me, right? You said that Maruki gave all of us perfect little realities for a bit, but
it’s not like he turned me into a different person.”
Sumire bites her lip, “I thought a lot, about why Dr Maruki didn’t just… bring Kasumi back
to life, when he became a god.” She says quietly, “He did it for other people, but he just… let
Sumire stay dead. Kind of.” She’s trying not to give herself a headache.
Ann hums, considering, “…Maybe he didn’t want to change what he already gave you? He
already actualised you wayyy earlier, so…”
Sumire smiles unhappily, “I think I used that excuse at first, too. But- I think it might be
because I wasn’t happy while Kasumi was alive, either.”

Ann’s expression crumples, “Oh…”
Sumire bites at her lip a little harder, “Um- sorry, I didn’t mean to- uh, dump this on you, I
guess,”
Ann shakes her head furiously, “No, no! It’s okay!” She pats Sumire’s shoulders, “Get it all
out! I’d be like, the biggest hypocrite if I couldn’t take it- I dump all my stuff on Ren all the
time! I mean, I’ve been trying to be a bit better about it, since I don’t want him to be my
therapist, but that usually means going to Ryuji since Shiho’s got more than enough to worry
about, and- yeah.” She laughs, “It’s perfectly okay.”
Sumire smiles in relief, “That’s- good. Thank you, Ann-senpai.”
Ann waves her hands, flustered, “It’s no problem, seriously! And- oh!” She jumps, “Uhh,
what time is it?”
Sumire checks her phone, “Just after five.”
Ann groans, “Oh thank god, think they’ve cleared out the gym for the afterparty, yet?”
“…By now, probably?” Sumire casts her mind back, fishing for the memory, “At least, I
think we’ll be able to loiter before it starts.” She giggles, “They had a whole production by
the dance club, last time.”
“Ooo, that sounds fun,” Ann titters, and then waves to all the other thieves, “Hey, guys! We
can probably go to the gym now, instead of just wandering around!”
There are several relieved groans and cheers, and they pivot their general meandering to
follow the paths to the practice building.
“Um…” Ann speaks up at some point, her and Sumire still a little separated from the others,
“Hey, really, thanks for telling me all that.” She laughs a little, and tugs at her hair, “I know
we’re not super close, but I’d like to be!”
Sumire blinks, “Oh! Well- thank you as well, Ann-senpai.” She gives a short bow with an
awkward but genuine smile, “I’m glad.”
Ann smiles cheerfully in turn, and they continue walking forward.
***
After a while, and a bit of loitering in the corner of the gym as other students slowly filter in,
Sumire spots Goro rejoining the group, scowl etched on his face.
She sidles up to him, “Were you talking with…?”
Goro’s scowl deepens, “Don’t ask me how it went.” He snaps.
Sumire grimaces, “…That bad?”

“What do you think?” Goro mutters without much heat.
Sumire pats his arm reassuringly, and supposes that now isn’t the time. Not too long after, she
sees Ren quietly step back into the group as well. Ann steps up to presumably mirror
Sumire’s prying, and Ren’s answering frown tells her all she really needs to know.
“I hope the festival wasn’t too bad for you.” Sumire eventually says, feeling a little guilty at
how she pushed for him to show up in the first place.
“It was bad.” Goro says bluntly, and Sumire winces. “I much preferred last time, when I got
to blackmail everyone.” He adds.
Sumire laughs, and Goro shoots her a look. “Do you want to know something embarrassing
about me so that you can take another shot at it?”
“I know plenty of embarrassing things about you.” Goro fires back immediately.
“Huh?” Sumire gapes caught off guard, “Like what?!”
“You snore, for one.” Goro says dryly, and Sumire pouts. “And, oh, do you recall? When you
were so caught off guard by my demeanour that you loudly asked if I was always a ruthless
sort of person-”
“I get it!” Sumire quickly interrupts. She really didn’t expect this to get turned around on her,
but she’ll take it if it lightens the mood, “There are probably-”
Sumire feels the air grow tense, as she spots some students suddenly whispering in groups,
wide-eyed and staring at their phones.
Ah.
She doesn’t take out her own. She thinks she knows what she might see.
At her side, Goro’s eyes narrow. “Haru-san.” He says, any semblance of light-heartedness in
his voice drained away, “Did your father happen to call a press conference this morning, by
any chance?”
“I stayed at Sumi-chan’s place again, so I don’t know.” She answers quietly.
“I see.” Is the blank response.
Some of the other thieves, who were chatting idly away, start to pick up on the mood.
“Is- is it happenin’?” Ryuji asks, looking downtrodden.
“There’s only one way to find out.” Makoto points out stiffly.
No one takes out their phone.
“I don’t think I wanna see.” Futaba says.

“It would be unpleasant, yes.” Yusuke agrees, looking uncomfortable.
Haru takes a shaky breath. Sumire quickly grabs her hand, and gives her an equally shaky
smile.
Ann chuckles without humour, “I guess the day’s over, then.”
“It might not be- that.” Ren points out softly. He gives a half-hearted grin, “Maybe Shido
tripped and died.”
Goro snorts, and then looks very annoyed at himself for having such a reaction. It kind of
makes Sumire want to laugh too.
“If only.” Makoto agrees weakly.
“The student council prez hoping someone trips and dies?” Morgana teases half-heartedly,
the energy usually in the air entirely sapped, “Who replaced you with an evil clone?”
Futaba brightens slightly at that, “Look at you, kitty!” (“I’m not a cat!”) “I think I’ve finally
made you cultured!”
“I would have made that joke before I met you, thank you very much!” Morgana huffs.
Haru giggles slightly at their antics. Sumire squeezes her hand a little tighter, and takes a
small comfort in the slightly wider smile.
The whispering around the gym gets a little louder. More students look around in confusion,
taking out their phones, if only to fit in. It doesn’t take long for those students to go wideeyed as well.
Sumire nearly jumps three feet in the air when Goro’s phone starts ringing. He slowly takes it
out of his pocket with a resigned exhale, and brings it to his ear after eyeing the caller ID.
“Sae-san? Is there something you need?”
Sumire can hear sharp and frantic words through the receiver, a little too quiet to truly make
anything out.
“What happened with Okumura?!” Goro exclaims, entirely performative, expression a little
too flat for the tone to be real, “I- yes, of course, I’ll be there right away.” A pause, “I’m at
Shujin, at the moment; some friends- yes I understand.”
The other thieves exchange looks, as Goro pauses again.
“I’ll see you soon, Sae-san. I promise we’ll get to the bottom of this.” He finishes off,
flashing an interview smile probably out of habit more than anything, and ends the call.
“Well.” Goro rolls out his neck, “The time bomb went off.”
“…I take it my sister wants you at the precinct?” Makoto asks, dour.

“That would be correct.” Goro says, readjusting his tie. “I’m sure to her, this confirms all her
theories about the Phantom Thieves. Which- ha.” He breathes something that might be a
laugh, “I’ll try and… curb her enthusiasm, a bit. We hardly want her to arrest us on the spot
come the time where we sit down and talk it out.” He adds in a lower voice.
“Right.” Haru agrees quietly, and Sumire can hear her phone buzzing in her pocket. She
swallows, “I think I might need to take my leave, as well. It would be odd if I had no reaction
to my father…”
Ren tugs at his fringe, “…I’ll try and find a recording of what just happened. It wouldn’t hurt
to know how much Okumura managed to get out in his confession before… whatever
happened.”
Hearing it phrased like that almost makes Sumire wish she had sucked it up and watched the
press conference. The time bomb has gone off, yes, but they don’t even know what it was
made of.
Morgana’s ears flick, “…Should we all head home, then?”
“I doubt they’ll cancel the rest of the school festival over this,” Makoto says, “But I don’t
think any of us are really up for festivities.”
Sumire presses her lips together, “No, not really.” She admits.
Ren shoves his hands in his pockets, “Let’s go home, then.” He says quietly, and everyone
can only nod.
***
Despite his words, Ren doesn’t leave immediately. Neither do most of the other thieves,
blending with the rest of the crowd as they hold hushed conversations in corners. Akechi
does leave immediately; unsurprising, since he has places to be.
Haru stands by herself, frowning helplessly at her phone.
“Hey.” Ren says, moving to stand at her side.
Haru looks up, and blinks, “Oh. Hello, Ren-kun.”
“You alright?” He cuts to the chase.
Haru laughs weakly, “I assume if I said yes, you wouldn’t believe me.”
Ren smiles guiltily, “Yeah. I wouldn’t.”
Haru’s own smile becomes a little more genuine, “At least you’re honest.”
“I try to be.” He says, apropos nothing. Does he? Peripherally, he supposes, but living a life
of pseudo-crime doesn’t typically lend to the truth being the best option. And, as Morgana
would probably remind him, he isn’t the most open in personal situations, either.

Haru gives him a look, as though she is also experiencing Ren’s internal monologue.
“Usually.” Ren tacks on, even though that’s also blatantly false.
Haru giggles behind her hand with a bit less energy than Ren would normally expect from
her, “If you say so.”
“But seriously,” Ren pivots, not wishing to dwell on that any longer, “If you need to talk to
someone, or something-” He pauses, “Well- I guess you have Sumire and Akechi for that.”
“I do.” Haru concedes, “Though that doesn’t mean I wish to be secretive with you, Ren-kun,”
She tilts her head, “I suppose I’ve just already talked it out.”
“Fully?” Ren asks, a little sceptically.
Haru shakes her head, and exhales shortly with what might be amusement, “Perhaps not. I-”
She smiles ruefully, “I’ve already said it in so many words, but I’m mostly frustrated with
myself.”
“Don’t be.” Ren says quickly, “It was a group effort. And I’m our leader,” Mostly, “So if the
blame has to fall to one person, let it fall to me.”
“That would be the logical way to feel about this, yes.” Haru says agreeably, “But I can’t
force myself to feel that way, unfortunately. And I don’t want to blame you for everything,
Ren-kun. That wouldn’t be fair.”
Ren rubs the back of his neck, “Well. Thanks.”
Haru’s lips twitch again, “Not at all. It was foolish to expect that everything would go as we
planned. Or that it would be easy.”
Ren almost snorts, “Yeah. Yeah, it probably was. Everything started going wrong about now
last time, too. Maybe we’re cursed?”
Haru laughs, sounding a bit surprised. “Goodness, I hope not! That would make everything
rather difficult.”
“No kidding.” Ren mumbles, not thinking about cruise ships and klaxon alarms, “I think we
just- got overconfident. Didn’t expect the shadow to be invincible.”
Haru sighs, “No. We didn’t. It’s funny, isn’t it? I honestly expected my father to be a bit of a
pushover.”
Ren does snort, this time, “I wish. I’d say that I hope the next palace ruler is, but I don’t want
to jinx it.”
Haru laughs slightly, “Maybe it can be an early Christmas wish.”
“For Yaldabaoth to stop making things difficult?” Directly or indirectly- Ren doesn’t know
nor care, he just wants it to stop, “Fitting, since we fought him on Christmas eve.”

Haru’s laugh fills out a little more, “My, what good timing.” Her eyes flick down to her
phone as it buzzes, “I… think I should go.”
Ren inclines his head, “Good luck, Haru.”
She smiles, “Thank you.” She takes a sharp breath, and straightens up, “I’ll keep you all
updated.”
“Remember to ask if you need help.” Ren reminds her.
Haru nods gratefully, “I will, don’t worry.” She waves shortly, and turns around, “Goodbye,
Ren-kun.”
“Bye.” Ren mumbles, even as Haru can’t hear him as she leaves.
After a moment, Futaba creeps up to his side, and tugs on her sleeve, “Are we going?”
“Yeah, yeah.” Ren runs a hand through his hair, and tries to breathe deeply.
***
It’s odd.
Takuto doesn’t know what he did, really. He had suspected that Amamiya was avoiding him,
but had chalked it up to paranoia. He had seemed uncomfortable, when Takuto had ran into
him today, though, so maybe the theory does hold some water.
And with Goro Akechi, too. Takuto didn’t know Amamiya kept such high-profile company,
honestly! Or, he was vaguely aware, and after a little prying months prior had been politely
and quickly told it was none of his business. That’s all fair, he supposes. He’s a counsellor,
not a warden.
It was still surprising, though. If he were the type to gossip, he’s sure he’d be bouncing off
the walls with excitement. Akechi hadn’t seemed particularly enthused to see him either,
though.
…Maybe Akechi heard about him from Amamiya, and has something against counsellors?
The detective isn’t an idol, but he’s certainly close, and he’s heard all sorts of things about
mental health in those kinds of professions, so maybeOr, maybe, he had just been offput by being interrupted.
That’s… far more likely than whatever unprompted spiral of psychoanalysis Takuto was on,
he decides.
He hates you. He is opposed to your ideology.
And just when he thought he could have some peace and quiet. Not that he really minds that
much.

The voices (or rather, voice, singular) in his head are rarely so specific, so it’s interesting to
hear them use so passionate a descriptor, with the teenage detective he’s never met before.
The only other people that’s really happened with are one Ren Amamiya and one Sumire
Yoshizawa.
AndWell.
Takuto tries not to think about her, too often, but she always creeps back in his thoughts
despite his efforts.
Shaking his head as though to clear it, Takuto sighs. He swears he didn’t used to be such a
busybody- maybe it’s just a side effect of the job.
If there’s an opening to learn more, he’ll take it. If there’s an opening to help, then…
Don’t jump the gun.
They’ll tear you to shreds while you can’t defend yourself.
That’s awfully vague. And a bit concerning. He’s only ever heeded the advice of- he should
really come up with a better name than The Voice In His Head. It’s on the tip of his tonguemaybe something starting with ‘A’? A passing thought, and the other syllables illude him.
Supposed danger or no; if he can help, he will. How could he ever not?

Chapter End Notes

Alright! I've made the descision! I'm putting my foot down, pulling the plug, etc, etc: I'll
be pulling back to fortnightly updates. Hopefully once my semester is over I can bump it
back up to once a week, but don't hold your breath. (definitely don't hold your breathit's two weeks till the next chapter I don't think humans can live that long without
breathing)
watch me forget I made this descision and I update as normal next week anyway
HAHAHAHA
uh yeah anyway the PT don't even know what Okumura did yet LMAO tune in next
time for moon rank 7 finally
Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara

Confidants! good thing I already spoiled that Moon is next chapter 'cause otherwise I've
got nothin' for ya lmao
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 6
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 7
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 5
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 4
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Meanwhile, Sae's side of the phone call:
Sae: Akechi you will not BELIEVE what just happened. I called it. you owe me moneyAkechi, loudly: What!? I'll be at the precint right away. This is an unprecedented eventSae: why are you talking like that
Akechi, whispering: listen my friends are right there they can't know that we mostly
gossip instead of doing actual work

Chapter 65
Chapter Summary

Going through the motions, second takes, and a clock hits zero.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It’s been a while since Akechi has spent any meaningful time in the precinct or prosecutor’s
office.
He’s spent time, sure. But most of it has been occupied with nothing cases that the SIU
director sends his way as the cases of mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns have a
dry spell. Surely some would consider it a nice break, but most of it is just drawing fake dots
between fake evidence, and Akechi feels an awful lot like Shido is squeezing his neck,
wringing out any last drop of usefulness Akechi can provide for the conspiracy while he’s
occupied.
Akechi doesn’t want to know what Shido thinks of this unprecedented change of plans. He
doesn’t think ‘I didn’t want this to happen, either!’ will placate the man.
But first, he has to placate Sae.
“I knew it.” Sae hisses between her teeth, rewinding the recording of Okumura’s press
conference and subsequent psychotic breakdown over and over.
Akechi had quickly watched it in the bathroom before meeting up with Sae, if only to avoid
revealing his first reaction. He had watched, detached, as Okumura had cut himself off
halfway through his sobbing speech about his abysmal work health and safety policies, eyes
glazing over, launching himself at journalists and camera men, screeching about traitors and
divinity all in one breath.
Four people were injured. One needed to be carted off to hospital, sporting a concussion from
being cracked over the head with a camera.
Akechi can’t quite tell if he cares.
Annoyingly, Okumura’s sudden obsession with the gods turning against him may cause a
dent in the validity of his confession once he snaps back to his regularly scheduled change of
heart. It might spare his life, at least.
“The Phantom Thieves have revealed their hand.” Sae mutters, glaring at her laptop with
furious intensity, “Bit the hand that fed them, by the looks of it. I knew Okumura was

involved in this somehow. Too many of the psychotic breaks benefited him.” She snorts,
“Guess he got what was coming to him.”
In the privacy of his mind, Akechi can only agree. He would never tell Haru that, though.
And really, a change of heart is already enough of a horrific rearranging of the mind to serve
as a punishment.
But, beyond that, Sae’s little spiral is moving a little too quickly for his tastes.
“Are you entirely sure, Sae-san?” Akechi cuts in, “A change of heart and a psychotic
breakdown occurring at the same time isn’t exactly sufficient evidence to claim that they’re
perpetrated by the same party. We don’t even know how they occur.”
Sae only falters for a moment, “It’s a little too convenient to be a coincidence.” She decides,
“They found a calling card on the premises. The house servants are saying his daughter found
it in the mail. Security footage checks out.”
He may as well go the full nine yards. “How is a calling card sufficient evidence for the
Phantom Thieves being responsible for the psychotic breakdown, though?” He pushes,
“Unless it proudly declared that they were going to break Okumura’s mind as punishment for
his crimes, it’s as absurd as claiming the thieves responsible for any misfortune that happens
to their targets just by way of association.”
Sae grits her teeth, still not meeting his eyes, “Unless you have a better explanation, then this
case is as good as solved, Akechi. I just need to find them.”
Akechi wonders how much he can get away with running his mouth before one of Shido’s
men tries to suffocate him in the breakroom. Likely not much, he decides.
“Sae-san,” He says, as gentle as he can muster, “You know your logic is flawed.”
Sae sneers at him, “And? I thought you agreed with me, Akechi; the Phantom Thieves are
dangerous.”
Akechi tries not to feel too irritated by the dropped honorific. “On principle, perhaps,” He
agrees carefully, “But if you’re only trying to catch them because you believe they’re
responsible for the bloodier incidents plaguing us, then I urge you to reexamine some
things.”
“What does it matter?” Sae snaps, and oh, what Akechi wouldn’t give to burn that casino in
her head to the ground.
“It matters quite a bit, I’d argue.” Akechi says pleasantly.
“You’d argue.” Sae echoes, mocking, “The Phantom Thieves have made a mockery of us.
Running circles while making us look like fools.” She huffs a laugh, “Well, they’re not so
righteous now.”
“Are you jealous, Sae-san?”

Sae’s head snaps up, “Excuse me?”
“Are you jealous?” Akechi repeats, “The Phantom Thieves got to some of your bigger cases
before you got the chance. They saved the school your sister attends from a problem you
didn’t even know existed.”
“I don’t know what you’re implying.” Sae mutters, jaw tensed, “But I think you should quit
while you’re ahead.”
It’s times like these that Akechi feels three times his age. Speaking to Sae when she’s like this
is surely giving him grey hairs.
“Besides,” Sae continues, “It’s more than just Okumura. Do you remember Kobayakawa?
The principal at Shujin?”
Akechi does, in fact. Killing someone twice leaves quite the impression. “I do.”
“They found a calling card in his office, just today.” She says, conspiratorial, “He died from a
mental shutdown. Twice is a pattern, Akechi.”
“I’m fairly sure twice is still a coincidence, actually.” Akechi says brightly, “And we’re going
in circles. Yet again, a calling card is all the evidence you have.”
Sae raises an eyebrow, “We could argue about the Phantom Thieves’ modus operandi all day,
but even you have to concede that a calling card is part of their shtick.”
“It is.” Akechi agrees, “But I also happened to pass by a plethora of calling cards just this
morning, sold for a negligible handful of yen apiece.”
Sae presses her lips together.
“It is rather annoying,” Akechi concedes, “That the Phantom Thieves are entirely
anonymous. Much like Medjed, it is difficult to pinpoint what acts actually belong to the
group, and which are another’s doing entirely.”
Sae scoffs, “Are you attempting to argue that some of the changes of heart aren’t done by the
Phantom Thieves at all?” She glares, “Or are you trying to argue they don’t exist?”
“Not at all,” Akechi shakes his head, “The changes of hearts themselves are downright
supernatural in nature. If more than one group of people knew how to utilise that power, we’d
have a far easier time catching them, I think. Or at least be able to discern their methods.” He
leans forward, “I’m saying, that using a piece of paper that can be purchased in a variety of
stores is a flimsy connection to other crimes.”
“Then what do you want from me?” Sae snarls, “If that’s your reasoning, then we’re no
closer to solving this case than we were months ago.”
Now that, Akechi has no response to. Nothing that he can say here, at least.

“Surely there are other ways to wrap up cases beyond throwing crimes at the wall and hoping
they stick.” Akechi drawls, not quite able to keep the derision out of his voice.
Sae glares at him, clearly finished with this conversation. Akechi is amazed she hasn’t told
him to find somewhere else to do his work.
But the casino and its stacked decks remains sturdy, nonetheless.
Supressing a sigh, Akechi supposes that this will become a round of pointedly ignoring each
other until they quietly pack up their things and leave. Not wanting to piss Sae off any more
than he already has, Akechi does just that.
His phones buzzes.
Unknown Number: 7:00pm. Usual place.
Well. How kind of him not to call Akechi while he’s busy at work.
He takes a sharp breath, the tension that had dissipated from needling Sae returning in full
force. He grits his teeth, and tries to keep it in.
Sae looks up, eyes narrowed. “Bad news?” She asks, voice still bitter.
Akechi carves his best smile into his face, “Nothing of the sort. Though I’m afraid I’ll have
to leave earlier than I anticipated.”
Sae scoffs, before she frowns, something passing over her face. “Why?”
“Just some personal business, nothing to be concerned about.” Akechi deflects.
Sae narrows her eyes even further, typing something on her laptop with increased ferocity,
“You seem off-put.”
“Do I?”
Sae releases a sharp huff of breath, “Are you still playing games, Akechi?”
“I assure you; I’ve been entirely serious all night.” Akechi says, a little snippily, “I’m sorry
that I have to leave early.”
“That wasn’t what I-” Sae’s expression twists, “I know you do this on purpose. You’re not
nearly as slick as you think you are.” She scowls, “I think fame went to your head.”
Akechi can only laugh at that, “Perhaps it did.” He concedes, “Though it’s not entirely
relevant. Would you like to do my interviews for a change? They get awfully repetitive.”
“My point, is that you think you’re smoother than you are.” Sae snaps back, not looking
nearly as amused, “Something upset you, and now you’re hiding it. That only makes you
more suspicious, you know.”

“Am I being interrogated?” Akechi asks, “Ask away, I suppose. But know I have to leave in
ten minutes.”
Sae gives him a searching look, “That’s short notice.”
“I apologise.”
“I meant from whoever texted you.” She glares, and eventually rolls her eyes, “Whatever. Do
what you want. I’m not your boss.”
“…Good luck on your work, Sae-san.” Akechi eventually decides to say. He throws up a
small wave, “Think about what I said.”
Sae gives him a pointed look, and mutters something under her breath, turning back to her
work.
Akechi turns as well, marching out of the precinct, wondering if he’d be able to see how
close the sword is to his neck if he looks up.
And, ringing in a half-forgotten chord, the Moon grows to its seventh rank.
***
The ride back home is quiet. Ren doesn’t feel much like starting conversation, especially with
Futaba’s nose already buried in her phone, and the fact that talking with a cat may raise some
eyebrows. The other passengers on the train don’t pay them any mind, whispers darting about
Okumura and the Phantom Thieves.
Safe to say, their popularity is in the dumps. It’s familiar. And almost comforting, that
something went to plan.
Ren nudges Futaba as the train reaches Yongen, and they both trail off, meandering towards
Leblanc.
“You’re not gonna head straight home?” Ren asks, nudging her shoulder.
“Nah.” She says simply.
“Are you going to stay the night, or something?” Morgana pops his head out of Ren’s bag.
“Uh, and sleep where?” Futaba snarks with only half her usual energy, “I just wanna see if I
can get some curry.”
“If Sojiro’s not there, I can get you some.” Ren offers, and Futaba nods.
He feels tense. Unsurprising, considering everything. That isn’t quite enough to chase the
feeling away, though.
The lights are still on inside Leblanc, though the sign is flipped to closed. Ren frowns,
opening the door, and sees Sojiro scowling down at something on the bar.

Sojiro looks up, “You’re back.” He comments.
“Hey, Sojiro,” Futaba calls, “We’re-” She shrinks back slightly at his expression, “…back?”
Sojiro clears his throat, somewhere between a huff and a scoff, “I found this,” He holds up a
black and red card, and Ren grimaces, “While I was cleaning your room.”
Ah.
Ren silently curses himself for forgetting about this.
“I was going to confront you about it yesterday.” Sojiro continues, gaining some momentum,
“But you looked so damn miserable I figured it wasn’t a good idea.”
“You kept it?” Morgana hisses at Futaba.
“I-” She chokes, her shoulders folding in.
“I can explain.” Ren cuts in, taking a step forward.
“You’d better.” Sojiro glares, “Hell, why do you know what’s going on here, kid?”
The foresight of having already had this conversation does wonders for Ren’s resolve to cut
to the chase.
“You already know what it is, right?” Ren asks, “You read it.”
Sojiro snorts, “Yeah. A calling card. From the guys that made that CEO lose it on live TV
two hours ago.”
Ren grimaces, “That’s…”
“I thought it was weird, when Futaba started leaving her room out of nowhere, made a bunch
of friends her age.” Sojiro grits out, “I thought, hey! Maybe I did something right for once.
Maybe taking in another kid was the push she needed to make some connections. Maybe
you’re just a tenacious little bastard and wouldn’t leave her alone until she got out of her
head.”
Ren smiles weakly, “Sort of.”
“You’d better not be implying what I think you’re implying.” Sojiro says lowly, taking off his
glasses to press a hand to his forehead.
“T-they changed my heart!” Futaba blurts, “The Phantom Thieves. I asked them to.”
Sojiro gapes, “You asked- Futaba, what were you thinking?”
“I couldn’t get out.” She chokes, stilted, “It- I felt like I was going to die. I thought
everything that happened to mom was all my fault.” She sucks in a deep breath, “But the
Phantom Thieves helped me see it wasn’t.”

“They’re still dangerous,” Sojiro growls, “Anonymous- you have no idea who they are-”
“She knew who we were.” Ren cuts in, and Morgana gives a defeated groan.
Sojiro slams his hand on the bar, “Goddamnit, kid!” He shoves his glasses back on, “Does
probation mean anything to you!?”
“You don’t sound surprised.” Ren says quietly, sidestepping everything else.
Sojiro scoffs, “I’m trying to be. But- god, kid, I’m not an idiot.” His jaw clenches, “Your
friends are a colourful bunch. Just- you dragged Futaba into this!”
“That was all me!” Futaba blurts, taking a step forward, “I reached out to them,” She repeats,
“I needed help, and they did! And then I joined them, ‘cause I needed to know what really
happened to mom.”
“To Wakaba?” Sojiro echoes, bewildered, “Is that why you were asking-? Futaba, you need
to stop- you have no idea what you’re getting yourself into.”
Futaba clenches her fists, “I do! I know what happened to her! If you really think she killed
herself then you’re lying to yourself as much as I was!”
At that, Sojiro deflates.
“You know, huh?” He mutters, “Don’t get me wrong, I’ve taken a couple of shots in the dark,
but I’ve never been stupid enough to act on it.”
Ren tugs at his fringe, “S’that why you opened the café?”
“How the hell did you get that out of what I just said?” Sojiro scoffs, “But sure. Things were
dicey, even before Wakaba died. Not like that was enough to make me believe her when she
got all paranoid.”
Futaba shrinks in on herself, “Oh.”
Sojiro sniffs, “You kids… Lemme guess, I’ll go through my whole spiel about how idiotic
you’re being, and it’ll go in one ear and out the other.”
Ren smiles the only way he can, “Yeah, pretty much.”
“God damnit.” Sojiro mutters again. He scoffs, waving an arm violently, “The least you
could do is explain yourself. How did this happen? What the hell happened to that CEO- was
that you? What did you do?”
Ren grimaces, “That was… a mistake. We messed up, with that one.”
“We were trying to change his heart.” Futaba explains quietly, perhaps unnecessarily, “And
we were trying to save his life, too.”

There’s another stream of muttered how did this happen, how did you kids get involved,
idiots, stupid, that all blends together under Sojiro’s breath. Ren decides to let him get it off
his chest.
Sojiro fires off more questions, sounding increasingly resigned and defeated as they go
round. Ren confirms; no, they aren’t behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic
breakdowns, Okumura was a one-off, a mistake. He opts to leave out the cursory explanation
of time travel, if only to avoid sending the man to an early grave.
There comes a point where he has to mention Shido.
“We have a plan.” Is what Ren leads with, and decides to not mention that the plan is half in
shambles.
Sojiro snorts, “Care to elaborate?”
Futaba kicks her boots against the ground, “Do you want the short version, or the version
where we have to explain the cognitive world to you?”
“Cognitive-?” Sojiro cuts himself off, “Of course. Why not.”
“Short version?” Ren pushes.
Sojiro clicks his tongue, and moves to start messing with the coffee siphons, “Please.”
“Masayoshi Shido is behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns.” Ren starts,
and Sojiro nearly shatters a mug on the ground.
“You can’t seriously think you can face that man.” Sojiro growls.
“He killed mom.” Futaba protests, “We’re going after him.” She wrings her hands together,
“And you don’t sound that surprised.” A running theme, Ren thinks.
“That’s because I’m not.” Sojiro says, as he angrily goes back to making coffee, “I know that
man. Which is why I know he’s not above making some teenagers conveniently disappear.”
“Oh, we know.” Ren says wryly. “He’s responsible for my probation.”
Sojiro does shatter a mug, this time. “Not surprised, not surprised…” He grumbles, and
begrudgingly waves for Ren to continue.
He tries to explain their plan in as simple terms as he can, which turns out to be quite difficult
when trying to dodge the broadest parts of the cognitive world. On the fly, he decides to cut
out the two gods they’re going to have to fight, too.
He does say: They’re getting Sae Niijima on their side at all costs.
He does say: Come December, Masayoshi Shido will be a shell of the man he once was.
He stretches the truth: Masayoshi Shido will be their last target.

“Is this why you were so sketchy around the redhead girl? God, and the detective, for that
matter.” Sojiro spits out at one point, looking exhausted.
“Akechi’s one of us.” Ren leaves out everything else about Akechi. That’s for another time,
he thinks. “And Sumire, too.”
“Jesus.” Sojiro says, emphatic.
Futaba had, sometime during the explanation, taken a seat on one of the stools and slumped
against the bar. Now, she swings her feet back and forth idly, “Do you want the list of
members, or something?”
“I can guess.” Sojiro dismisses. “The fluffy one a member?”
“Who, Mona?” Futaba says with a token attempt at levity, holding up Morgana despite his
yowls of protest.
“No, not the cat.” Sojiro scoffs, “I meant the girl. With the fluffy hair?”
“Haru’s one of us.” Ren confirms. He smiles, awkward, “But, Morgana’s a member too.”
“You’re joking.” Sojiro says, tone making it abundantly clear that he doesn’t find it
particularly funny.
“Someone translate for me!” Morgana complains, “Or just take the chief into the Metaverse
so I can introduce myself!”
Ren is sticking to his plan of not giving Sojiro a heart attack, so he opts not to do that.
“Cognitive stuff.” He shrugs, “Morgana can talk, but you can only hear him if you’ve heard
him in the cognitive world.”
“Anything goes.” Sojiro spits, clearly channelling all his frustration into how harshly he sets
down the two coffee cups on the bar, “Anything goes.”
“Anything goes.” Ren murmurs into his mug, taking a sip. It’s more bitter than usual.
Sojiro takes a long, bracing breath. “Alright.” He says eventually, “Here’s how this is going
to go.”
Futaba and Ren share a look.
“I’m holding you to it, when you say that Shido is going to be your last target. No and’s, if’s,
or but’s.” He lights a cigarette, “I’d tell you to back off right away, but by the sounds of it,
you kids have twisted the knot so tight that it’s too late for that.”
“That’s right.” Ren says, unapologetic.
Sojiro takes a drag, and Futaba wrinkles her nose at the smell, “Watch it.” He warns, and
sighs, “That’s my condition. I’ve still got… contacts. If you need ‘em, ask. And,” He

punctuates with a second drag of the cigarette, “If you’re backed into a corner, no righteous
hero bullshit. Run. Get the hell out of there. Do what you have to.”
Ren gives a rueful smile, and thinks of Okumura, “We already have.”
“Good.” Sojiro makes a face, “You’re one-hundred percent confident that a change of heart’ll
stick on Shido?”
It has before. If it doesn’t, Ren will make it. “We are.”
Sojiro snorts, like he finds Ren’s confidence hilarious, “Anything goes,” He mumbles one
last time.
***
There’s a sense of finality, as Akechi clicks the door to Shido’s office shut behind him. It’s a
small comfort that there’s no sudden addition of unfamiliar men in black suits that may or
may not be hiding tattoos and guns under the fabric.
A small comfort. Shido could always have a gun neatly tucked away in his desk drawers. The
man seldom likes to dirty his own hands, but maybe Akechi is just special.
At least Loki seems to find the thought amusing.
“Akechi.” Shido greets him, “I saw your handiwork.”
“Mm.”
Shido looks at him, long and hard, before snorting. “That’s it?” He laughs a little more, like
they’re two friends in on a joke, “You’ve got guts, Akechi! I have to give you that.”
Akechi smiles placidly, “Shall we cut to the chase, sir?”
Shido’s grin becomes almost mocking, “Shall we? I admit,” He stands, and strides over to the
liquor cabinet that stands to the side of his desk, “I believe I have misjudged you.”
Akechi eyes the clock hanging above a set of filing cabinets, and wonders if it’s ticking down
the time he has left.
Or maybe it’s just a normal clock.
Akechi doesn’t blink, as Shido opts for brandy, this time, “Really? With your insight?” He
doesn’t bother hiding the sardonic lilt. No point, anymore.
Shido chuckles, “See, this,” He jabs a finger in Akechi’s direction as he sits back down, “I
had wondered where this was. Aren’t teenagers supposed to be rebellious? It’s a bit late to
start now, you know.”
He could be referring to Akechi’s age, or his position. The subtext doesn’t seem to matter so
much as the neon sign blaring danger warnings at every word. “What is it that you were

expecting?” Akechi asks mildly.
Shido gives him a piercing look. “You’re not an idiot, Akechi. Far from it.” It doesn’t sound
much like a compliment. “I thought we had an understanding, really.”
“I thought talking in circles was my prerogative.” Akechi says, eyebrows raised as Shido
swirls the brandy in its glass, not taking a sip.
“You’re right about that.” Shido hums, “You’re good at your job, because you’re not stupid.
You understand what needs to be done. You, unlike some of my other, ah, partners, know that
there is a level of commitment needed to meet my expectations.”
Akechi tilts his head, and smiles, “Do you find yourself questioning my intelligence, Shidosan?”
Shido taps his fingers against his desk, “We really do seem to be on the same page.” He
agrees. He leans back, glass still in hand, “I expected you to need guidance- you’re still a kid.
You’re independent, though, that was a pleasant surprise.”
Akechi bites the inside of his cheek to stop himself from doing something overly rash. He
treads water, determined not to give into the waves and slip below.
Shido makes a sound halfway between a scoff and another laugh, “I’ve been curious, what
you’ve really been up to this year. I haven’t changed, and neither has our deal. So why have
you?”
“Are you sure it’s just something you didn’t notice?” Akechi asks, already knowing the
response. He would be a fool to forget how the devil builds the tower.
He shouldn’t draw this out. He can’t help feeling indulgent, though.
“Quite sure.” Shido fires back, “You weren’t born a good liar, Akechi, and you certainly
weren’t a good liar at fourteen.” He waves a hand, “I had thought it was irrelevant, though.
You take your time, when you want to act on your own, and, well,” He grins, “There’s the
understanding, too.”
Akechi gets it. He’s had it said to his face, in no uncertain terms, by both a blank-faced
puppet and a disturbingly bright-eyed marionette with half its strings cut.
He’s the unwitting protagonist of a rather unfortunate math problem. If two people are
holding a knife each; person A will always aim for the gut, and person B will always forgo
the knife and try to kick person A out of a tower, how long until person B dies from blood
loss?
Akechi doesn’t think he’s quick enough with his arithmetic to get the answer before the
number is already zero.
“I don’t think,” Akechi says slowly, “That this has exactly been cutting to the chase.”

“Perhaps not.” Shido agrees, finally taking a small swig from his glass, “I suppose I’ll ask,
then: why did you fuck up with Okumura?”
Not how, or what happened. Akechi sees how it is. “Not enough time.” He settles on, “The
palace was collapsing. Shadows aren’t like people. They can take a beating before they really
die. A psychotic break is much faster.”
“You couldn’t have tried harder?” Shido asks, mild as he’s ever been.
Akechi shrugs. He may as well lean into the teenage belligerence now that Shido expects it of
him. “I could have. But, then there would be a very good chance that I would be dead,
crunched into non-existence from the collapse of Okumura’s cognitive world, and the shadow
whisked away safely to Okumura Proper’s head. And then all you’d be left with would be an
uninterrupted confession of Okumura’s myriad sins, the change of heart entirely successful.”
He threads his fingers together, “I figured this was the next best thing.”
Shido hums, “Clever.” He swirls his drink contemplatively, “I’ll give you that, Akechi. That’s
fair.” He leans forward, “I think you can still make it up to me, though.”
If Akechi pushed hard enough, would the window behind Shido shatter? “Shoot.” He says.
“I think I’ve figured it out.” Shido says, “It’s obvious, in hindsight. The only thing different,
this year, has been the Phantom Thieves.” He takes another swig, “I’d think nothing of it; but
I suppose now that you’ve seen them…”
Is a drop from this high survivable? Akechi isn’t sure what he wants the answer to be.
Depends on if he’s aiming for an escape or homicide, he supposes. “Sir?”
Shido barks a grating laugh, “I’d ask if the leader is your type, but that’s not relevant, is it?”
It’s somewhere between a genuine question and a threat. “Of course not.”
Shido places his glass on the desk with a crisp clink. “You can make it up to me, by telling
me their names.”
Akechi hums, throat dry. “They wear masks, sir.”
“Their leader, at least.” Shido drawls, because he definitely knows how absolutely full of shit
Akechi is, “Don’t bullshit me. You would have looked them up.”
Well.
Akechi pulls a name out of his ass. “Akira Kurusu.”
The Devil, hilariously, grows to rank eight.
Shido nods, “There, that wasn’t so difficult, was it?”
Akechi has no idea if Shido actually believes him. The jig will be up fairly quickly either
way, the second Shido does a cursory check to find that Akira Kurusu doesn’t exist. Or, some

random citizen with terrible luck and an unfortunate name will be arrested and used as a
scapegoat.
Akechi figures that Shido sees right through him.
He tilts his head, and gives a wry smile, “Is all forgiven?”
Shido chuckles, “Of course. Safe trip home, kid.”
Shido used to call him ‘kid’ a lot, back when Akechi first offered his services. He stopped
doing it, after displeasure must have seeped through the cracks in Akechi’s mask one too
many times.
He had thought the change was a sign of respect. Proof that they were equals.
What a joke.
He’s out of time.
Akechi smiles, and turns on his heel, clicking the door shut with some vague sense of finality.
He waves to the receptionist, and wonders if she’ll gossip to her friends about having seen
the detective prince the night he vanished, and oh, isn’t that terrifying! It could have been me!
What a poor boy, so young, too.
He slips his phone out of his pocket, and keeps a furious stride through to the train station,
making sure he turns heads.
Crow: Apologies for the short notice, but we’re out of time.
Crow: How quickly can any of you make and deliver a calling card?
***
The panicked fervour that Morgana observes in Ren would probably be funny if he wasn’t
experiencing the same thing.
Ren’s face had blanched so quickly, staring at his phone, that Morgana had honestly thought
for a second that someone had died. He guesses that someone could die, though, so same
difference.
Morgana had to claw at Ren’s leg after he had spent too long mulling over what sin to put on
Crow’s Not-Calling-Card, probably trying to strike a balance between what would be the
least offensive while also genuinely considering what would be accurate.
After Morgana had moved to start biting his ankles to hurry it up, Joker! Ren finally settled
on ‘sinner of falsehoods’, and, yeah, Morgana doesn’t think it’s their best work either, but
they need to go, go, go.
Which leads to now, where Morgana is grumbling to himself, wondering how this is the
second time he’s had to run to Akechi’s apartment for calling card related business. He leaps

up the fire escape, trying to remember if Crow leaves his windows unlocked.
This turns out to not be an issue, as Morgana sees Akechi flitting about once he reaches the
right floor.
Morgana bats a paw at the glass, “What are you doing?!” He hisses.
That gets Akechi’s attention, as he startles, eyes narrowing as he sees Morgana angrily
lashing his tail. He strides over to the window, slipping it open and grabbing Morgana by the
scruff to get him inside.
“Wha- hey!” Morgana yowls. He will not be manhandled.
“Hello to you too.” Akechi snipes back, which is rich, “You were fast.”
“Of course I was fast! I’m-” Morgana stops puffing out his chest as he recognises the red
herring for what it is, “No, answer my question first! What are you doing here?! Aren’t the
yakuza or something after you?!”
“Theoretically.” Akechi answers primly, already back to pacing about the apartment, rifling
through drawers and shelves, “But they aren’t here yet, and you seem to be forgetting I can
melt into another reality on a whim.”
“Not if you don’t have your phone on you.” Morgana snarks, padding over to the coffee table
to place down the calling card.
“Then it’s a good thing I do have my phone on me.” Akechi barks from another room. He
barrels back out, a laptop under his arm.
“Did you come here to grab your things?” Morgana asks, incredulous, “That’s so risky! Can’t
you just be a minimalist or something?!”
“We can’t all live in dusty attics.” Akechi sneers.
“Do you really want to have something electronic on you?” Morgana pushes, because this is
all ridiculous, “What if it’s bugged!”
“You could say the same for my phone.” Akechi points out, “Even so, I’d like to keep it long
enough to get F-” He cuts himself of with an eyeroll, “Someone, who would be willing to
help me, to back up its data before tossing it in the nearest river.”
“What’s on it?” Morgana asks, eyeing it suspiciously.
“There are pros and cons to keeping paper or digital copies of evidence.” Akechi begins, with
the air of a storyteller, “Evidence against Shido, that is, not for my job. Ex-job.” He amends
with a grimace, “So, I opted for a bit of both. Nothing backed up to the cloud or connected to
the internet, of course, but if Shido’s men got their hands on this,” He drops the laptop on the
couch unceremoniously, “It’s nothing they don’t already know, but…”
He trails off, as goes back to running around the apartment like a man possessed.

“Is it enough to get him convicted for stuff?” Morgana shouts, “And you said you had paper
copies of stuff too?”
“Right here.” Akechi calls back, running over to dump an accordion folder on the couch next
to the laptop, “And of course it’s not enough to get him convicted. I’ve never been able to get
my hands on that much.” He scoffs, “But it’s something. I’m sure Sae-san will appreciate it.”
Morgana hums, “Right…” He looks around the apartment, “So this is it, huh?”
“What could you possibly be referring to?” Akechi grits out, pulling on a hoodie over his
blazer.
“We’re faking your death, obviously.” Morgana rolls his eyes, “It kinda snuck up on us,
huh?”
“No kidding.” Akechi snorts, “I had wanted to delay this. I wonder if the public will even be
able to process this, given how quickly it’s happened after Okumura’s stunt?”
Morgana blinks. He hadn’t thought about that, actually. “…How long until someone figures
out you’re missing?”
Akechi shrugs, “However long it takes for my school to get suspicious, or until Sae tries to
call me demanding I come into work. She knows where I live.” He tilts his head, “I guess
Shido might try to make the news spread as quickly as possible, though. Or not. Who knows?
Maybe he doesn’t actually plan to have me killed tonight.”
Morgana’s ears press against his head at Akechi’s tone and biting laugh. “You met with him
today, huh?”
“Obviously.” Akechi spits, “Otherwise I wouldn’t be so convinced I’m a dead man walking.
He demanded the name of the leader of the Phantom Thieves-”
“Did you tell him?!” Morgana yelps.
“Of course not.” Akechi hisses, “I made one up. You don’t know any Akira Kurusu’s, do
you?”
“No…?”
“Probably for the best.” Akechi says mildly. “But either way, it’s fine.”
Morgana narrows his eyes, “You don’t sound fine.”
“Do I ever?” Akechi mutters. At least he’s self-aware, Morgana thinks.
“Not really.” Morgana says, opting for blunt honesty. He watches as Akechi shoves some
things in a nondescript backpack, “Where are you staying, anyway? Haru’s?”
“That would be entirely too suspicious.” Akechi dismisses, “And I couldn’t possibly infringe
on her hospitality. I’m the one who did that to her father.”

Morgana’s tail twitches at the reminder. “Oh… right…” He paws uncomfortably at the couch
cushions, “That fight was awful.”
“Heard it all before.” Akechi mutters under his breath.
Morgana snorts, “Yeah, I bet.” His tail twitches again, “I really was useless in that fight… I
had no idea what to do.”
“Sometimes.” Akechi starts, “Fighting a palace ruler is like solving a puzzle. Other times, it
requires brute force. I had assumed we were dealing with the latter, when it seems it was, in
actuality, more akin to the former.” He turns, “Rest assured I don’t think you’re alone in how
you’re feeling. I suggest you take it up with someone else.”
Morgana rolls his eyes, “Wow, you’re sooo comforting.”
“Take it up with someone else.” Akechi repeats, unrepentant.
“Yeah, yeah.” Morgana leaps off the couch, and moves to the kitchen counter to gain some
more height, “I don’t think you’d be infringing on Haru’s hospitality if you asked to stay with
her. She doesn’t seem mad at you.”
“It’d still be suspicious. She has house servants to contend with. No doubt her place will be
swarming with police in the coming days.” Akechi reminds him. A pause, “And, I don’t…”
Morgana’s ears flick, “You don’t?”
Akechi scoffs, “How many times must I have this conversation?” He mutters to himself, “I
don’t feel bad for what I did to Okumura.”
Morgana considers this. “You saved us.” He says slowly, “But, not even a little?”
“Certainly not for the man himself.” Akechi says cooly. “But- shit.” He runs a hand through
his hair.
“You do feel bad.” Morgana accuses.
“I’m not explaining myself correctly.” Akechi shakes his head, “I feel bad for Haru-san. Her
dad’s a piece of shit, and he deserves what he got, and still.” He clicks his tongue as he cuts
himself off.
Morgana makes a face, as much as he can, “…What, like, having friends?”
Akechi scoffs.
“You’ve been friends with Haru and Yoshizawa for ages, though!” Morgana yowls, not
believing what he’s hearing. “You’ve never, I dunno, thought about this stuff before?!”
“Not really.” Akechi says through grit teeth. “I’m not even sorry. Isn’t that hilarious?”

Morgana rolls out his shoulders with a huff, “I really don’t get you.” A sentiment he’s
probably said before, but he’ll say it again, “Are you even sorry for anything? Ever?”
Akechi glares at him, “Does it matter? What does sorry do for anyone?”
“Is that what you really think?” Morgana challenges.
Akechi, to his surprise, actually falters at that, “There was…” He huffs, “There was a time,
where I may have thought it meant something. You learn better.”
“That just sounds sad.” Morgana says bluntly, “I know you said something to Futaba the other
day. Did you act like this around her, too?”
Akechi sneers, “I see how it is. Allow me to amend my statement, then. An apology is only
worth something if you mean it. Which I don’t. Giving a false one would just be insulting.”
“That’s-!” Morgana can’t think of anything to say. Maybe it would be insulting. He didn’t
really go into this expecting to argue about Futaba. He figured it wasn’t really his place, but
Akechi is just so annoyingMorgana thinks they’ve lost the thread.
He still thinks Akechi’s stupid.
“Whatever.” Morgana mutters, and turns to shout at Akechi, “You’d better talk to everyone!
You’re kind of pathetic like this.”
Akechi’s face twists, looking more affronted than Morgana’s ever seen him. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me!” Morgana prods him a little more, “Your apartment is just sad, you’re
terrible at making friends, you’re about to fake your death-”
“Please shut up.” Akechi hisses.
“Then get it together!” Morgana shouts, hopping off the kitchen counter to bat at Akechi’s
legs, “You’re miserable! Everyone’s miserable! You have company.”
Akechi’s face twists even further, and Morgana really hopes that he’s above killing a cat.
Not a cat.
“Is that all.” Akechi drawls slowly.
“For now.” Morgana sniffs. “Don’t worry, I’ll give everyone else an earful too.”
“Delightful.” Akechi deadpans, “Do screech in Ren’s ear, would you?”
Morgana rolls his eyes, “I was going to do that anyway. Whatever- if you’re not going to
Haru’s, where are you gonna sleep?” He perks up, “Are you coming to Leblanc?”
“Of course not.” Akechi gives him an are you stupid look. “I’m going to Mementos.”

“You’re sleeping in Mementos?” Morgana says, because it’s so absurd that it bears repeating,
“That’s-”
“Just the top floors.” Akechi waves a hand before Morgana can launch into his tirade, “I’ll be
travelling exclusively through Mementos, too. It’ll be easy enough for you to find me.”
Morgana feels like this is a losing battle. “If you say so…” He mutters. He puffs his chest
out, trying to make himself look a little more commanding, “This is only a temporary
solution.”
“Sure.”
“I’m serious!” Morgana yowls, “You can’t sleep in the Metaverse all the time!”
“We’ll have this discussion later.” Akechi says snippily, “I need to carry my stuff.”
Morgana groans, and figures he may as well help, if they’ll be travelling by Mementos.
(And, in Akechi’s mind, the Hermit grows to rank six.)
***
It’s odd.
Or, perhaps not. Things have been changing for a long time.
It had been quite the shock, being flung into the bloody seas without so much as a how do
you do. It had been even more surprising that he had survived the encounter, dragging salt
and brine onto the deck, running a gloved hand through his dripping hair.
It’s a good thing none of this is real. The leather would have been ruined, otherwise.
Goro isn’t quite sure where he stands, anymore. The captain is still The Captain, but, well,
saying it these days feels like an act of mockery more than deference.
He feels off. Malleable. He’s rather sure cognition isn’t supposed to work like this, but what
does he know?
As much as the captain, probably. Which is weird in and of itself; none of the other
cognitions have ever quite reached this. Not the traitors nor the easily bought nor the fiercely
loyal.
Just him.
He smirks. My, what a way to make him feel special.
He could do without the half-drowned thing, though.
The captain wants him dead. The captain also knows he isn’t. Or, is fairly sure he isn’t. He
was never much of a guest to begin with, so this doesn’t change that much, Goro supposes.

Or, not him. The other one. The one that gets all the fun. He can’t begrudge the other him’s
success that much, though, since it’s what saved him from being dragged leagues below. A
disgusting death. He’s delighted to have avoided it.
Ah, now that’s a thought. He’s died twice now, at the hand of the real him, for all that
monicker is worth. Would it be more permanent, now that the captain wants him dead? Or is
he simply that resistant in the captain’s mind?
He finds himself not eager to find out. Another change. The captain must have pegged the
real him as suicidal. Past tense, it seems- Goro had felt…
Well. Being tossed off the side of a cruise ship was an unpleasant experience.
He thinks he’ll be hung up on that for a while.
What would happen to him, if the real Goro Akechi died without the captain knowing it? For
all Goro knows, the real him is dead, and the captain is living a delusion that someone of his
blood has to be made of stronger stuff.
Unlikely. Blood has never done Goro -either of them, really- any favours.
He supposes he’d just exist as he is now, until a passing line of information makes him blink
out of existence- shift forms or shift minds. Both are horrifying.
Hm.
He has to hide from the shadows, now. The other cognitions finally acknowledge his
existence, too. An intruder on his own ship. What is there to be done?
Waiting, perhaps. He furrows his brow, and tries to pull on the- thing. He doesn’t know what
it is, really. He thinks the captain has one, too. He’s laughed about it before. Maybe Goro
can’t pinpoint it since he isn’t a shadow.
Maybe he’ll ask, the next time the real him shows up.

Chapter End Notes

Mandatory "Joker has two names" joke
bit aside, my preference honestly isn't really that strong. Obviously I prefer Ren since
[gestures] well, that's what I'm writing, but my main greivance with Akira is that
"Kurusu" is hard to pronounce with my accent HAHAHA
Anyway, hi hello! it's been 300 years.... and by that I mean two weeks. I hope you
weren't holding your breath

Socials!
Tumblr
Instagram
Cara
Confidants! it's a three-for-one special, apparently! Also, hi there, cogkechi. no rank up
for you just yet
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 5
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 3
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 4
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Morgana: So you just made a name up?
Akechi: It's fine. They'll see through it immediately.
Meanwhile, Sae barging into someone's house: Freeze!
Akira: woAH WOAH HOLD IT

Chapter 66
Chapter Summary

A hasty plan comes to fruition, and the workings of fate

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It takes quite some time before Akechi can shake off the cat.
Morgana initially insists on bringing all the sensitive documents they collected from his
apartment to Leblanc, or the Sakura residence, or somewhere in the real world, somewhere
where they aren’t at risk of melting into the sludge of Mementos.
Akechi argues that keeping them in the real world isn’t really all that much better. They have
no idea how long any of this is going to be in stasis, and whoever ends up storing this
information would be living with a target on their backs for potentially months. Morgana
eventually concedes to this argument, coupled with that despite the fact that he does have
thumbs in the Metaverse, he would still struggle to drag everything to where it needs to go.
And so, Akechi is left standing outside of the reflection of Shibuya station, Morgana
scampering off to report to Ren.
Home sweet home is the only wry thought he can muster, as his Metaverse outfit burns across
his body, stepping down the station steps and onto the first floor.
This place is disgusting. In all his time doing work in these tunnels, he’s made it a point never
to spend the night amongst the rot and filth that pulses along the walls. He’d find a place to
sleep in topside Mementos, but then the thieves might have a difficult time tracking him
down, and the thought of sleeping somewhere as open as station square makes his skin crawl.
So, bloodstained tile it is. He thinks he’s slept in worse places, but he doesn’t care to
reminisce.
Maybe he just won’t sleep.
“What are you doing here, defendant?!”
Akechi sighs through his nose as quietly as he can. An affronted scoff tells him he isn’t as
quiet as he hoped.
He turns, and gives a sarcastic salute to the twins barring the courtroom door.

Caroline rolls her eye, but surprisingly doesn’t threaten violence.
“We’re curious, defendant.” Justine says serenely, “And, it has been some time.”
“I come here alone rather frequently.” Akechi points out, “You’ve never shown interest
before. And, it hasn’t been all that long.”
Caroline snorts, “I guess not. But you didn’t explain yourself!”
Akechi furrows his brow, trying to remember what she’s talking about.
Justine seems to take pity on him, as she waves her hand, and a glowing blue tarot card
manifests in from of her, The Temperence, Akechi can tell even without reading it.
“Last we spoke, it seems we barely saw each other at all.” Justine explain idly, “And yet our
bond still grew. It is not unheard of, for bonds to grow unevenly, but it is… disconcerting, to
say the least.”
Ah, yes. Curious, are they? Akechi thinks this might be a good thing.
“Do you want me to explain what happened on my end?” He asks, walking forward.
“What do you think!?” Caroline snaps, whacking her baton against the ground. “We’ve been
wracking our brains, and we’ve got nothing! It’s weird!”
Akechi huffs, “Alright then. We did have a conversation that you seem to have forgotten. I
asked you about some… sensitive information, it seems, and you simply stopped. You both
appeared to be in pain, and once it had passed you had forgotten the encounter entirely.”
The twins both exchange an unsettled look.
Caroline narrows her eye, “What was the information?”
“I think,” Akechi begins, slowly, “That if I were to say it again, you would forget you asked.”
Caroline scowls, but seems to accept this. Justine frowns.
“The Velvet Room exists between dream and reality, mind and matter.” She says, like Akechi
hasn’t heard it before, “And so do its residents. We appear only to those whom we choose.
Wildcards, such as yourself, being one such example.”
“We show ourselves to everyone when we’re out and about.” Caroline interjects, “You’d look
real weird if you were talking to thin air.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “You don’t garner odd looks for your attire?”
“On occasion.” Justine nods, “But not enough to stimulate distress within the human mind.
Those with stronger wills may notice something out of place, but we do not exist to disturb
your reality.”

Funny, considering what their current master is attempting to do.
“Caroline,” Justine turns to her sister, “Do you think this could be related to…?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Related to what?”
Caroline stomps her foot, “None of your business, defendant!”
“It could be his business.” Justine counters calmly, “Theoretically, the inmate and the
defendant should be on equal footing, and we have spoken with the inmate about this at
length.”
Caroline makes a face, “I guess…”
“What,” Akechi repeats, “Are you talking about?”
Justine taps her clipboard, “There is a list we were working off of. A way to grow closer to
the inmate via his arcana with us, the Strength.”
“We gave him a bunch of challenges for fusing personas with specific skills.” Caroline
begrudgingly adds, “We went down the list, and he would waste all his money fusing
personas for us.”
Akechi snorts.
“But we don’t know where the list came from.” Justine continues. “I had thought Caroline
wrote it.”
“And I thought Justine wrote it.” Caroline huffs, “So you see the problem.”
Akechi is starting to get the picture.
Lavenza, now that he thinks about it, had looked remarkably like the twins before him. It
doesn’t pass his attention, that the twins are missing an opposite eye a piece, and that their
hats hold the respective vowels and consonants to spell oxymoron.
An inkling of an idea of exactly who Lavenza might be, and how the false god
commandeered her servitude, sprouts in his mind.
Perhaps, they are quite alike.
The Temperance grows to its sixth rank at the thought.
Caroline gives an affronted scoff, and Justine raises an eyebrow, as the Temperance card still
hovering in front of them sparks and gleams a little brighter.
“Did you just have an epiphany or something, defendant?!” Caroline snaps, “Well? Spill!”
“Over halfway to a completed bond.” Justine muses, “I see some of your other bonds have
grown as well. Congratulations on completing the Fool. Your progress on the Judgement is

most impressive, too.”
“Thanks.” Akechi says, dry, “And I can’t tell you.”
“Oh, come on!” Caroline whines with a childish pout, “Are we going to have to wait for a
blood oath until you tell us?!”
Akechi smirks, “That may well be the case, at this rate.”
“We already have a blood oath with the inmate.” Justine points out, turning to her sister,
“Perhaps we can pester him next he deigns to visit us.”
“But the Velvet Room is still closed!” Caroline complains, “He doesn’t come here for us, he
just wants the guillotines!”
“Maybe you can throw rocks at him to catch his attention.” Akechi suggests, “Aim for the
head, if you would.”
“I like the way you think!” Caroline grins, looking like a devil.
“We will heed your advice, defendant.” Justine says with the utmost seriousness.
Akechi snorts, “Go for it.” He turns, and looks towards the escalators. Unless he wants the
twins staring at him all night, then he’ll have to sleep a layer down. “I’ll be seeing you, I
suppose.”
“You’re leaving?” Caroline taps her baton over her shoulder, “Come back soon and talk to us!
I want to get to the bottom of this, properly this time.”
“As do I.” Justine hums, “Hopefully it won’t be long until court is back in session.”
Akechi disagrees, but he can’t deny he’s itching to resolve this as well.
Ren would probably know for certain what’s going on with the twins, he thinks, as he jogs
down the steps. He’s not going to ask Ren about it.
Surely you can handle speaking to him for the sake of information? Robin goads.
Akechi grits his teeth.
Certainly not tonight.
***
Sumire wonders how easy it is to have a heart attack. She think she gets halfway to
experiencing one when Goro sends his half-cryptic message to the group chat, informing
them that they’re out of time.
Sumire had paced back and forth for nearly an hour before Ren had texted everyone
confirming that all is well; according to Morgana, Goro is sleeping in Mementos for now.

The thought makes Sumire wring her hands. It seems uncomfortable, for one. Not just from
sleeping on the floor, too- she would definitely be unable to sleep with the general
atmosphere of creaking groans and rattling chains. Unpleasant is something of an
understatement.
But, maybe she could…
She has school tomorrow. It’s a terrible idea.
She resigns herself to doing it anyway, as she starts shoving some clothes, along with a
blanket, into the duffle bag she uses for gymnastics.
She’s never snuck out of the house like this before. She decides not to think about how
panicked her parents are going to be when she’s not here the next morning.
She throws her bag over her shoulder, and pads down the hall as quietly as she can.
“…Where are you going?”
Ah.
“Um!” Sumire whirls around, and pastes on her best innocent expression, “Hi, dad.”
Her dad blinks, looking befuddled, “…Hi, Sumire.” He narrows his eyes, “Where are you
going?” He asks again.
Sumire chuckles to stall for time, and runs through her list of excuses.
Sudden training camp? No, that’s the kind of thing that Maruki would come up with, and
Sumire doesn’t have the reality-bending capabilities to back it up.
She’s running this bag over to a friend’s house? Not particularly convincing, and it kind of
sounds like she’s smuggling drugs.
A friend’s house, though“I- I wanted to stay at Haru-senpai’s place.” Sumire settles on, “I don’t know if I ever told
you her family name, but her dad… did you see the news today?”
Her dad’s eyes widen, “Oh, she’s an Okumura?” He grimaces, “That’s… ah, that’s quite
unfortunate.”
“Yeah.” Sumire shifts on her feet, “So, um, I don’t really want her to be alone, so I thought
I’d go and stay over…?”
Her dad sighs, “I see… Well, I suppose that’s okay. I’m guessing if I asked for her parents’
permission you’d tell me to watch the news again, huh?” He chuckles humourlessly.
“Yeah.” Sumire says. Now that she thinks about it, she feels a little bad that she’s not actually
going to see Haru.

“You’ll be going to school tomorrow?” Her dad asks, as sternly as he can.
“Yep.”
“Do you need me to drive you? It’s pretty late.”
“No, it’s-” That might be suspicious, “You can drive me to the train station?”
“I can do that.”
Her dad stands up, looking for his keys, and Sumire quietly puts on her shoes.
***
(Sometimes, Sumire wonders why she was chosen for this.
It’s an unbidden thought to have. So late in the game, too; but she can’t help but wonder.
Chosen is such a dramatic word. She isn’t sure she likes it, really. She’s sure that Goro and
Ren don’t, and they’ve always seemed far more chosen than she is. She doesn’t envy them
for it, nor does she begrudge their clear dislike of it.
It remains the question, then, of what she’s supposed to do.
She would say: stick to the plan. This has not worked out, historically, but it’s not though
everything is in shambles.
She thinks, that if she wished, she could take a step back. She has taken a step back. If in
battle she can meld seamlessly between offence and support, then she can certainly do so in
other situations as well.
But then why her?
Maybe it’s self-centred, to think that there is some grander reason for her role in this. Maybe
it’s a little spark of a desperate need, for a little more proof that it is Sumire that is worthy,
that is capable, and not anyone else.
She doesn’t really think that’s what’s going on here. But it’s a nice thought.
She reviews the future in her head.
Next up is convincing Sae Niijima to join them. Not really her specialty; Sumire’s only met
the woman once, at the Phantom Thieves’ new year’s party, and she definitely hasn’t met her
in this timeline.
She has, however, seen the inside of her heart. An uncomfortable degree of unbalanced
intimacy that Sumire will be sure to never mention to Niijima herself.
And then…

Sumire hopes that they can follow through on changing Doctor Maruki’s heart early. The
weight of it all sits square on her chest, and she wantsWell, that’s the question, isn’t it?
She wants everything to be okay, as vague and idealistic as it is. She wants to fulfill her and
Kasumi’s dream. She wants everyone to come out of this the other side alive and well. She
wants her friends to be safe from the shadows that loom over their backs. SheThe list goes on, she muses. Her problem, is that playing the hero isn’t her prerogative. She
doesn’t think it’s anyone’s, really.
Someone has to do it. Some stubborn and rigid part of her mind declares.
Do they? Some other part counters.
If someone does have to play a role, how could it ever be her? And back around again, and
again, to the why of it all.
Maybe it doesn’t have to be anyone. Maybe they can justSumire always feels like she loses the thread when she gets to this station along her train of
thought. It’s silly, almost. If she wanted to have her cake and eat it too, she should have just
been content to live in Maruki’s reality.
But she isn’t. That, at least, has been a constant since all of this began.
The train starts up again, and Sumire bites her lip.
Maybe, it’s all very simple. Maybe it’s what she’s been doing anyway. Halfway, at least.
You don’t have to do it alone, Ella finishes the thought, None of you do, and Sumire almost
laughs.
Who’s doing the choosing, really?)
***
Sumire lets her dad drive her to the train station, shoving her thoughts away after she opens
the car door. She takes the train to Shibuya, assuming that -even though it was never stated
outright- Goro would pick their main entrance to Mementos as a good place to camp.
She shakes off the wandering eyes of passers-by, and quietly slips into Mementos.
It occurs to her, as she trots down the steps, that she’s going to have to sleep in her Metaverse
outfit. She’s never considered it uncomfortable before, but coupled with the tiles littered with
stains of dubious origin, she wonders if she’s going to get much rest at all.
She walks down an extra layer, frowning as she doesn’t see Goro in the immediate entrance
of the tunnels.

There’s a sigh, as she steps onto the next floor.
“What,” Goro grits out, surrounded by accordion folders, a laptop, a backpack, and one
blanket, “Are you doing here, Violet?”
Sumire smiles sheepishly, and pats her own duffle bag, “Keeping you company?”
“I take it,” Goro continues, in the same clipped and exhausted voice, “That you have already
made up your mind about this?”
Well, at least he isn’t trying to fight it. “Yes!” Sumire confirms cheerfully, as she whips her
own blanket out of her bag, laying it down on the ground. She’ll have to wash it later. “It was
kind of scary, when you sent that message. I thought we’d have a little more time.”
“Didn’t we all?” Goro drawls. His mask is laying to the side, though the rest of his helmet
remains firmly in place. Sumire takes off her own mask, resting it on the ground beside her.
Sumire smiles, half-hearted, “I guess.” She wrings her hands together, “Did Shido call you in
for a meeting? Or did you… see someone, on your way home?”
“The former.” Goro responds simply, idly taking out some files from one of the folders, eyes
flicking across it disinterestedly, “I had been in the middle of my meeting with Sae-san when
it happened. I think she noticed something was wrong.”
“Oh…” Sumire grimaces, “She’s… going to think you died, huh?”
Goro freezes, like he hadn’t considered this, “…If all goes to plan,” He eventually says,
“Then that won’t be the case for long.”
Sumire guesses that’s true. She certainly hopes that it’s true.
“Is it normal, for Shido to call you in so suddenly?” Sumire asks.
“Of course.” Goro says, waving a dismissive hand, “But I knew he was going to call me in
today. Even if I hadn’t, outwardly, fucked up, he’d probably have wanted to gloat to himself
while I stood there.”
Oh.
“You could have said something.” Sumire tells him quietly.
Goro snorts, “Sure, I could have. But what would it have accomplished?”
Sumire sighs, and her past musings threaten to loop again, “Oh, I don’t know,” She taps her
fingers against the ground, rhythmic, “We could have helped you out?”
“Of course.” Goro says, agreeable in the way that means he actually doesn’t agree with you
at all, “You could have been my emotional support while I met with Shido. Oh, don’t mind
her, Shido-san! She’ll just stand in the corner while we chat. Do you mind if she pokes
through your filing cabinets?”

Sumire tries not to get knocked too off track by the absurdity of it all.
She swallows, “I- yeah. I guess we couldn’t have…” She trails off, and then laughs weakly,
“You still could have told us, though. Then we’d know, if…”
If something went wrong. Or, they could have been more prepared to plant a calling card.
“I had a feeling you would have all been insufferable about it, if I said I had to meet with
Shido.” Goro says bluntly, “And it’s not like it’s hard to figure out that I needed to see him, at
some point.”
Well now Sumire just feels stupid.
She decides to poke him with her pointer finger. “Did you not want us to worry? Or are you
just being mean for the sake of it?”
Goro frowns, his brow furrowing as he glares at the ground.
Sumire pokes him again.
He turns that glare on her, so affronted that Sumire has to laugh. She yelps when he pokes her
back, his gauntlets significantly sharper than her own gloved hands.
“I,” Goro starts, clipped and clearly enunciated, “Don’t know. I’ve just had a remarkably
similar conversation with the cat, so you’ll forgive me if I’m not in the mood.”
Sumire, unfortunately, does forgive him. She pokes him once more, both as revenge for his
retaliation, and to make her dissatisfaction clear.
“What are you, five?” Goro snaps, and Sumire dissolves into giggles.
“You poked back.” She points out.
“Eye for an eye.” Goro says with far more gravity than the statement really should have.
Sumire’s snickers die off, and she starts pulling the rest of what she packed out of her bag.
“You’re really sleeping here?” Goro asks, with some degree of incredulity, eyeing the ratty
sleeping bag that Sumire lays out over her blanket.
“Did you think I’d leave?” She asks, kicking out the fabric. Maybe she should have brought a
pillow.
“I had assumed that you would have thought better of it when you realised the conditions you
would have to suffer.” Goro drawls out, “Also, don’t you have school tomorrow?”
Sumire pats her bag, “I brought my uniform!”
Goro gestures around, “And you’re going to get changed where?”
Sumire pauses. She hadn’t thought about that. “…Up a floor?”

“Don’t. The twins will be able to see you.”
Sumire hadn’t thought much about the Velvet Room situation before, but now she has to
admit that a door and two girls she can’t see is a bit unnerving. “…A floor above that?”
Though, then she’d have to get changed in the open air, and that’s a bit disconcerting too,
even if there’s no one there, “A station bathroom, maybe.”
Goro shrugs, “That’d work, I suppose.”
Sumire suddenly realises that she isn’t going to have access to a shower until tomorrow
afternoon. She elects not to bring this up, if only to preserve her dignity and spare her from
another pointed look.
“This is kind of like another sleepover, isn’t it?” She says instead.
Goro snorts, “Is it better or worse than when we were all on death’s door?”
Sumire is already lamenting the lack of cushioning. She makes a face, and Goro seems to get
the gist. He huffs, and goes back to frowning at the paper in his hands.
Sumire tilts her head, “What’s that?”
Goro waves it in the air carelessly, “Evidence. Against Shido, that is. Some of this I managed
to grab years ago, so I hardly remember what’s on it.”
“You managed to get stuff like that?” Sumire asks, eyes widening.
Goro smirks joylessly, “It’s not nearly as impressive as it sounds. All of these are records that
are hardly incriminating on their own. Transactions, bank records, the occasional transcript,
that kind of stuff.”
“But there’s nothing about assassinations?” Sumire pushes. Or fraud, she thinks, or the
various election laws she’s sure Shido has broken.
“Not at all.” Goro says, crisply placing the paper back within its place in the folder, “He was
far more careful about my role in the conspiracy. If I were to go to the police, it would be my
word against his.” He scoffs, “Not that going to the police would help anyone, really, when
half of them are in his pocket.”
Sumire bites her lip, “Then… if that’s… even when we do get a confession, is anyone going
to pursue it?”
“If Sae-san knows what’s good for her, she will.” Goro says, and it only half sounds like a
threat, “It will be difficult, though. There would have to be enough people willing to put
themselves in the line of fire in order to get a conviction to stick.”
Sumire thinks she sees the problem that is beginning to present itself.
She pulls her knees close to her chest, “You’re not going to do that, though.” She says,
decisive.

Goro’s face twists into something uncomfortable. “Last time, when Maruki brought me back,
I found myself standing in Shibuya station square with no recollection of how I got there or
how I survived, listening to Sae-san trying to convince Ren to testify against Shido. It seemed
like the only thing to do, to step in and take his place.”
Sumire looks at the ground.
“I would assume that in the true reality, Ren would have testified.” Goro continues,
“Considering I wouldn’t be there to step in.”
“But that’s not fair.” Sumire says in a small voice.
Goro snorts, “Which part?”
“All of it.” She shakes her head. “You said you wouldn’t…”
Sumire knows very well that Goro revealing his role in the conspiracy would not end well for
him.
Goro knits his hands together, “I had, perhaps foolishly, hoped that what I have collected over
the years would amount to something, but…” He gestures to the accordion folders, “There’s
not much.”
“All together, would it help?” Sumire tries.
Goro shrugs, “Possibly. Sae-san would have a better eye for the legality of it all. Paired with
a confession, it could certainly help as well.” He rolls his neck, and it cracks, “Assuming that
she doesn’t haul me into the station the second she hears what exactly I am.”
Sumire grimaces, “…Maybe we should tell her that after we convince her to help us.”
“That might be for the best.” Goro says with a huff.
There is another option. If Niijima had initially thought that Ren’s testimony would be the
key to convicting Shido, then presumably that could work as well.
But Sumire doesn’t think that’s very fair, either. She’s sure Ren would do it, if he deemed it
necessary. She’s sure Goro would do it if he deemed it necessary too, and Sumire doesn’t
want any of it.
“What are you going to do, when all of this is over?” She blurts.
Goro gives her a look, “…In the event that I am a free man?”
“Pretend that isn’t a problem.” She says quickly, “Please.”
Goro raises his eyebrows, and leans back, sighing. After a moment, he says: “You go first.”
Sumire blinks, “Huh?”

“I need to think about it.” Goro explains, “Tell me what you’re going to do first.”
Sumire tilts her head, thinking about it. “Well… I’m only in my first year of high school, so I
guess I’ll finish that?”
Goro raises an eyebrow, “You guess?”
“I will!” Sumire corrects with a laugh, “Though that’s kind of a boring answer, isn’t it?”
“It is.” Goro says bluntly.
Sumire smiles, “Um… in that case…” She taps her chin, “Well, I really need to get back into
the swing of things with gymnastics, obviously.”
“Obviously.” Goro says, definitely mocking.
Sumire pauses, “I do need to.” She says, “This year has been… distracting.” Twice over.
Goro mirrors her pose, pulling his legs closer to his chest and resting his head on one of his
knees, “What are you going to do after gymnastics?”
Sumire frowns, “Hm?”
“Don’t play dumb.” Goro scowls, “You’ve told me before. Competing in gymnastics is
hardly a life-long career, so what about after? If you’re asking me about my goals for
something I never planned for, it’s only fair if you answer the same.”
Sumire laughs under her breath, “Well…”
She never did get around to thinking about it.
“I do love the sport.” She says, genuine, “And sports in general. Maybe I could stay in the
field?” Coach Hiraguchi is in her thirties, Sumire knows, so that job at least seems to have a
longer life expectancy, “I like cooking, too. And nutrition.” She lists.
Goro tilts his head to his other knee, looking her up and down, “Would you study something
like that, after high school?”
Sumire shrugs, feeling a bit exposed, “Maybe?”
Goro raises another eyebrow.
“How did this turn back around on me?” Sumire complains.
Goro snorts, “Would you like me to answer now?”
“Yes.” Sumire folds her arms, going for stern but probably hitting petulant, “You’re in your
last year of high school, so what are you going to do?”
Goro presses his lips together.

“I guess going to university doesn’t disgust me.” He eventually says. “Though, considering I
am either about to be declared missing or legally dead rather soon, I’m not sure how high my
prospects for graduating are.”
Right.
“If you do graduate.” Sumire amends, “What do you think you’ll study?”
Goro shrugs, “I have no idea. I’ve always said ‘Law’ whenever I’ve been asked in interviews,
but that’s just because it’s an obvious answer.”
Sumire taps her knees, “Do you think you’ll stay a detective?”
Goro makes a face, “Absolutely not. And I think I’ll be fired.”
“What if you went freelance?” Sumire asks with a grin.
“What, like Shirogane?” Goro’s eyebrows hike even higher, “Better, but opening a private
practice isn’t the kind of thing you can really do half-heartedly, I believe.”
Sumire wilts a bit, “That’s true…” She considers it some more, “What about-”
“I think,” Goro interrupts her, “That this musing is rather pointless, when the future is so
uncertain.”
Sumire’s smile falls. “…Right.”
Goro frowns at the ground. He peels off his gauntlets, and says: “I’ll think about it some
more later, when more things are set in stone. Perhaps after we find out where we stand with
Sae-san.”
Sumire perks up, “Really?”
“Sure.”
She smiles, and lies down.
***
The morning after the school festival, Makoto still feels like she’s coming down from the
whirlwind of panic she felt, realising that time was much tighter than they had predicted. She
hadn’t been particularly involved in the aftermath- in either aftermath, she notices.
Failing to properly complete Okumura’s palace felt like a punch to the face. Makoto thinks
she’s been spiralling down ever since early October, when everyone’s lies were forced into
the open with all the grace of opening an airlock.
She had, foolishly, hoped that getting back on track would solve this. But they haven’t gotten
back on track. They missed the mark by a mile, and god, Makoto can’t stand this, she’s their
strategist, what the hell happened with Okumura? Why couldn’t she do anything-

“It’s been a while since we’ve had breakfast together.” Sae muses from across the table.
Makoto startles, and pastes on a shaky smile, “It has.” She agrees.
The next logical step for getting back on track is dealing with her sister.
Makoto doesn’t know what to do.
“There’s so much work to do.” Sae mutters. “Akechi-kun vanished halfway through helping
me last night; not that he was doing much to begin with.” She scoffs, but there’s a tight line
through her eyebrows that betrays her concern.
Makoto bites at her lips. “Hm.”
Sae huffs, “I’ll see if he’s free again today.” She looks towards the TV, “Let’s see if there’s
anything interesting on…” She hums under her breath.
Sae stands, coffee mug in hand, and moves to grab the remote off of one of the couch arms.
She fumbles for the on button, taking a sip of coffee as she does.
The screen flicks to life, displaying the news.
“Breaking news this morning, as Tokyo police releases a statement.” A woman recites, “It
has been revealed that Goro Akechi, often referred to as the second coming of the Detective
Prince, has been declared missing, and is presumed dead. A calling card was found in his
apartment, and the police have confirmed that-”
Sae drops her mug.
Makoto sucks in a breath. The only thought she can muster is that she’s probably going to
have to be the one to try and get those coffee stains out of the rug.
Sae’s shoulders are shaking.
Makoto swallows, “…Sis-”
“What, Makoto?” Sae snaps, eyes not leaving the TV as the news report continues.
“I-” She chokes, and clamps her mouth shut.
Here’s the thing:
Makoto knows, quite well, that Akechi isn’t dead. She didn’t expect the news to break so
quickly, but she did expect it to break. All of this is smoke and mirrors. The police statement,
the news report, all likely engineered by Shido to declare the message he wants.
It’s obvious- even though it’s not unreasonable to think that Akechi might be dead with the
information presented, the immediacy of the assumption and the fact that no one has
challenged it would ring alarm bells in Makoto’s head if she were not already in the know.

It doesn’t seem like her sister is hearing those alarms.
“Sis.” Makoto tries again, and what does she say, what can she say, she’s not grappling with
this news like Sae is and Makoto’s a terrible liar, “I’m so sorry.”
Sae breathes in sharply, “Don’t be.” She grits out. “We know who’s responsible for this.” She
picks up the mug, not shattered, but cracked along the side, “And I,” She slams the ceramic
on the kitchen counter, “Am going,” She marches to the table, grabbing her keys, “To find
them.”
Makoto keeps her mouth shut.
Sae freezes, halfway to the exit, choking on a laugh. “I don’t know what Akechi was playing
at.” She whispers.
Makoto steps forward, “What do you mean?”
Sae scoffs, still not looking at Makoto, “I swear he wanted me to gamble this case away.
Look where that got him.”
As far as Sae knows, dead in the ground, right under her nose.
Makoto clenches her jaw together.
“Make sure you go to school.” Sae says tightly from the doorway, pulling on her heels, “I
won’t be back tonight.”
“Okay.” Makoto says quietly.
“See you.” Sae calls, overlapping with the slam of the door.
And Makoto is alone.
She hesitantly pulls out her phone from her pocket, and taps on the Nav.
“Sae Niijima.” She says, clear, “Courthouse.”
And, her guess:
“Casino.” She whispers.
Candidate Found. The Nav chimes, Move closer to location to begin navigation.
“Of course.” Makoto says to the empty hallway.
***
When Ren trots down the stairs the next morning after a restless night of sleep, Morgana at
his heels, the first thing he sees is Sojiro with his head in his hands.

“…What’s up with the chief?” Morgana whispers, and Ren shrugs, inching forward a little
more.
Sojiro looks up, and the TV drones on. “Hey, kid.” He says, some small thread of accusation
pulled taught in his voice, “You seen the news?”
Ren frowns, and shakes his head.
Sojiro gestures carelessly towards the TV, rubbing at his eyes. “Might wanna sit down.” He
mutters.
Ren turns his head, confusion and dread slowly spooling in his gut. The report is
incomprehensible for a bit, Ren only having started listening in halfway through, but he
eventually gets the gist:
Goro Akechi, famed detective prince, has been declared missing and presumed dead after a
calling card from the Phantom Thieves was found in his home. Following both this and
Okumura’s psychotic breakdown, the manhunt for the Phantom Thieves has been declared a
top priority.
There is a small part of Ren that tenses and panics, even with the knowledge that this is all to
plan.
“That was quick.” Morgana comments, also looking a little shaken as a series of photos of
Akechi are displayed in some dramatic memorial.
Ren hums under his breath. The devil works fast, and Shido works faster, it seems.
“Kid…” Sojiro speaks up again, giving Ren a pitying look, and oh, right,
“He’s okay.” Ren blurts.
Sojiro takes a deep breath, apparently having missed the point, “Look, I know it’s hard when
stuff like this happens so suddenly, but-”
“No, I mean I know he’s okay.” Ren interrupts, and then realises that that still sounds like he’s
in denial, “We planned for this.” Mostly. “We left that calling card, to make it look like we
did something to him, but he’s camping out in the Metaverse right now.”
Sojiro blinks. “You…?”
“So everything’s fine.” Ren finishes, rubbing the back of his neck.
Sojiro pinches the bridge of his nose, “You’re actually serious. Kid, that news report gave me
a heart attack.”
Ren grimaces. He probably should have warned Sojiro in advance. “…Sorry?”
“I figured the calling card was a set up as soon as they mentioned it, but I thought that boy
actually died- …you’re sure he’s fine?” Sojiro interrupts himself.

Ren smiles, “He’ll be okay. It’s not like anyone can find him in the other world.”
“That you know.” Sojiro grouses, shuffling over to the coffee siphons with a huff, “But sure,
I’ll take your word for it.”
A pause.
“Why did you need to fake his death?” Sojiro snaps to the air.
Ah.
“Because Akechi’s stupid.” Morgana says helpfully.
“What did the cat say?”
“He called Akechi stupid.” Ren translates, because he might as well.
Sojiro snorts, like he doesn’t believe Ren for a second, “Sure. Now why does the detective
being stupid mean he needs to go into hiding?”
Ren had initially left faking Akechi’s death out of his explanation, because then he would
have been confronted with the why of it all, and that wasn’t a conversation he was ready to
have.
He doesn’t think it’s a conversation he’s ready to have now either.
Ren knits his fingers together, “Shido wants him dead.” He says, slowly, “And you said it
yourself: he’s not above killing teenagers.”
Sojiro releases a weary sigh, “How on earth did that kid piss off Shido?”
Ren shrugs, unhelpful, “Ask him yourself next time he shows up.”
“He’d better not be coming here.” Sojiro snaps, “Do you want to lead a trail to where we
live?”
Ren waves his hands, “Akechi’ll probably travel by Mementos, which means no one can
follow him.” And he sincerely doubts Akechi will be showing up to Leblanc voluntarily.
Sojiro rubs at his temples, “Whatever you say, kid.”
Ren tries to smile apologetically, and thinks he probably only gets halfway.
***
It's a little after Sumire leaves in a panic, realising she can’t tell the time in Mementos,
hoping that she isn’t too late for school, that Akechi realises that the Metaverse lacks several
amenities.
He knew this, obviously. It doesn’t take long to notice that cognitive food doesn’t actually fill
your stomach. In fact, getting hungry at all is a strange and nebulous thing in the other world,

not to mention other bodily functions, and Akechi isn’t sure he wants to know what several
days of existing in limbo catching up to him feels like.
So, he needs to leave. Discretely. Theft might be necessary, and Akechi has to supress a
groan at the irony. Using a card for money is a no-go, and going to a bank to withdraw cash
isn’t a great idea either. At the very least, he’s packed a nondescript hoodie and facemask;
he’ll have to do away with the gloves, but that should suffice as a disguise for the time being.
Akechi ducks into an alley on the surface of Mementos, having left most of his belongings
behind. It irks him, to leave it unattended, but shadows are the only potential dangers to it,
and they don’t wander this high.
By the looks of it, it’s mid-afternoon; droves of school children wander about station square
and central street, and Akechi makes sure to keep his head down as he ducks into the closest
Triple Seven.
He makes several laps of the store, taking note of where the security cameras are, as well as
the essentials he’s looking to swipe.
“Crow?” An incredulous voice hisses.
Akechi whirls around and claps a hand over Ann’s mouth.
She sputters, and pushes him away, “Hey! It’s not like I said your name!” She says, to her
credit, quite quietly.
“Don’t draw attention to me.” He snaps.
“I’m not!” She protests, “You’re the one who looks like you’re about to rob the place! What
are you doing here?!”
Akechi gives her an irritated look.
“…Are you about to rob the place?” She asks slowly, suspicion creeping into her voice.
“We need to leave.” He announces. It doesn’t look like anyone’s noticed them yet, but
paranoia leaves eyes burning in the back of his neck. He turns, and begins marching out of
the store.
Ann scrambles to follow him, “You didn’t say what you’re doing here!”
“I need food.” He snaps, taking a turn into the alley with the courtroom door burning blue at
its edges, “And water. I was going to make use of the station bathrooms, too. You realise they
don’t have those in Mementos?”
Ann’s eyes widen, “Ohhhh…” She drawls out, “Why didn’t you say so?”
“I just did.”
She laughs, “No, I mean yesterday. You slept in Mementos, right?”

“Better than the open air.” Akechi says, dry as the desert.
“But, not better than a proper house, right?” Ann says, a devious glint in her eyes.
Akechi wonders if she’s getting at something or if she’s just rubbing it in, “No.”
Ann beams, “You can stay over at mine, then!”
What.
“What?” He says, “No.”
Ann’s face falls, “Oh, come on! My parents are overseas! And staying in the Metaverse
clearly isn’t sustainable!”
“Absolutely not.” Akechi insists, with a little more fervour, “Are you trying to invite the
yakuza to come knocking at your door? Having me stay anywhere is a risk.”
“Not if you travel by Mementos, it’s not!” Ann declares, triumphantly putting her hands on
her hips like she had thought about this in advance and isn’t making a split-second decision,
“Y’know, I never thought about Mementos travel really, but it’s really convenient now that
we need it.”
“Mementos.” Akechi mutters into his phone, and Ann jumps as reality shifts. “It is quite
convenient.” He agrees, relaxing now that the nearby street is entirely empty, “Which is why
I don’t need to impose on your living space.”
Ann frowns, “I’m offering, though. Come on, Akechi-kun! My place is really big! We won’t
be stepping on each other’s toes, or anything.”
“I- all my stuff is here.” Akechi digs for some other excuses.
“And we’ll transport it through Mementos!” Ann counters, with all the flourish of someone
who has discovered a catch-all solution.
“I don’t particularly want to live with you.” Akechi grits out.
“But I’m a delight!”
“Are you being obstinate on purpose?” Akechi snaps.
Ann smiles sheepishly, “Yes?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and strides towards the reflection of station square.
Ann jogs to keep up, “Please? At least living with me you wouldn’t have to keep ducking out
into public for like, basic necessities. I can buy everything!”
“That wouldn’t be a strain on your budget?” Akechi asks, already knowing the answer.
“Not at all!” Ann says cheerfully, “It’ll be fun, if anything- like having a roommate!”

Akechi gives her a look.
“…I’ll be gone most of the day, too? Because of school?” Ann tries, “And I have a guest
room, so you’ll have an actual bed.”
Akechi takes a deep breath.
“Please?” Ann asks, practically begging at this point, “You can’t deny it’s safer! And better
for your back, probably.”
Akechi grits his teeth, and cuts his losses, “Fine.”
Ann blinks, and then smiles, looking so much like her arcana’s namesake, “Great! Where’s
your stuff?”
And, of course, the Sun grows to rank four.

Chapter End Notes

cue sitcom music
HAHAHA anyway. hi hello. if any of you are still holding your breath i swearSocials! come say hey, if you so desire
Tumblr, Instagram, Cara
Confidants! quite a lot, these days
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 3
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 4
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 4
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 2
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sojiro: kid, you've got to fill me in on all your plans. I can't keep breaking my mugs.
Ren: yeah that's fair
Ren: so, Akechi's an assassinSojiro: [drops a mug] fuckingRen: ...and Sumire's a time traveller-

Chapter 67
Chapter Summary

Limbo, boredom, and a shift in plans.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren doesn’t think it’s unreasonable to call a meeting, just the day after everything seems to
have gone to hell. The time bomb has detonated, and now they can actually take stock of the
damage.
Through the group chat, everyone is quick to confirm that they’ll be at Leblanc shortly. He’s
not sure if Akechi has gotten the message, though, so he supposes he’ll ask Mona to grab him
should he be absent. Ann, strangely, messages back with a ‘we’ll be there!’, leaving Ren
frowning in confusion at his phone.
His silent question to the void is answered when both Ann and Akechi materialise out of thin
air in the middle of Leblanc’s attic.
“What the hell!?” Morgana yelps, “Jeez, you scared me!”
“Sorry!” Ann smiles brightly, “We just figured Mementos was the better way to travel.”
“Better to have no links between Leblanc and your apartment.” Akechi says in agreement,
eyeing the wall with disdain.
Ren blinks, “You were at her apartment?”
“Oh, right! Get this!” Ann’s smile, impossibly, gets even brighter, “We’re roommates now!
Sort of.” She corrects, at Akechi’s withering glare.
“How’d you manage that?” Morgana asks, astounded.
“I’m right here.” Akechi grits.
“Well,” Ann drawls, plopping down on the couch, “I just pointed out how much better my
place is compared to the dirty floor of Mementos, and he agreed!”
“An oversimplification.” Akechi sneers, and takes a delicate seat next to her, “But I suppose
that is the gist of it, yes.”
“That’s… good.” Ren says slowly.

Ann nods, and Ren sees some of her cheer melt into smugness while Akechi pointedly looks
at the opposite wall. Ren rubs at his mouth to hide his smile.
It’s not long before the other thieves start pouring in. Ann delights in giving the same
explanation she gave Ren and Morgana with each new addition, to Akechi’s clear chagrin.
Sumire in particular responds with a relieved smile.
“Mementos is really uncomfortable.” She says by way of explanation, and Ren figures that’s
probably a sign to drop the subject.
Futaba is last to arrive, looking anywhere but at Akechi.
And, so,
Ren rolls his neck and takes a breath,
What now?
“Coulda turned out worse, right?” Ryuji is the first to speak up, as the silence persists a little
too long.
“You could say that about many things.” Yusuke points out.
“Well, yeah, but,” Ryuji waves a hand, “We’re still kinda on track.”
“Are we?” Futaba mutters.
Makoto laces her hands together, a little too tight for the action to be natural, “Let’s go over
what our plan was, shall we?”
“We’re supposed to be speaking with Niijima-san next, yes?” Haru asks, “My father…” She
swallows, “Things have been derailed, clearly, but the effect is practically the same.”
“With the god of control? Yeah.” Ren agrees, “I think we need to be on the lookout for Shido,
though.”
“Does he know who we are, by now?” Ann asks, worriedly.
“Apparently not.” Morgana hops up onto the table, and Akechi nods in agreement, “But that’s
the same as it’s always been.”
“Be careful, don’t draw attention, yadda, yadda.” Futaba recites, picking at the skin around
her fingers.
“I would recommend utilising Mementos as a method of transport, where you may find it
inconspicuous.” Akechi adds, “Perhaps when travelling to and from Leblanc, at the least.”
“Right…” Sumire hums, “And, um,” She worries her lips together, “Were we still going to
try and make some progress with Maruki, this month?”

Ren frowns, considering, “I would like to.” He says, “…But I think we should figure out
where we stand with Niijima before we go rushing into any other infiltrations.”
“That is reasonable.” Yusuke hums.
“How’re we gonna do this, then?” Morgana flicks his ears, tail twitching, “Queen? Any
thoughts?”
Makoto startles, “Oh, um…” She grimaces, “I… did you want for me to plan for a way so we
can all meet my sister, or should it just be me…?”
“How has she been taking the recent news?” Haru asks, “That seems like a good place to
start.”
“Bad.” Makoto says, blunt.
“She took the incident with Okumura as definitive proof for all her suspicions.” Akechi says,
inspecting his nails, “Though, I don’t doubt she can be swayed if presented with definitive
evidence.”
“That’s not all.” Makoto interrupts, a slight edge to her voice, “Did you forget you were
declared dead this morning?”
“Ah.” Akechi intones. A pause, before he corrects: “Missing, technically.”
“Do you mean that your sister might be hard to reason with?” Ren turns to Makoto, before
she can think of a retort to Akechi’s words.
“I- well.” She starts and stops, “Maybe? But if she finds out Akechi is alive, then that…
shouldn’t be a problem.”
A beat.
“Theoretically.” Futaba quips, and Ren really doesn’t think that now is the time.
“I can convince her.” Makoto says, an unreadable determination etched on her face.
“Alone?” Ryuji questions with a grimace.
“Yes.” Makoto snaps, then falters, “I can- give me some time. I’ll figure out how to do this.”
“If you’re sure…” Ren trails off, eyes flicking between the rest of the thieves for any
unspoken protests.
Finding none, Ren straightens up, “I guess that means we get a break, in the meantime.”
No one seems particularly thrilled.
***
Sae has sworn off breaks.

She doesn’t have time, frankly. She’s wasted months, as far as she’s concerned, toiling at
leads and dead ends and frayed threads of nothing.
She’s known exactly who’s responsible for the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns
for far longer than is reasonable, and dragging her feet has cost her far too much.
God knows the Director’s promise of a promotion is probably long rescinded. Too much
beating around the bush and not nearly enough results. Perhaps, the lack of tangible reward
would give Sae cause to slow down, but no,
Kobayakawa, though his death was initially ruled as a suicide, then a mental shutdown, and
only months later was a calling card unearthed in his office- Sae knew something was off
from the start. The fact that Kobayakawa was the principal of Shujin, of all places, certainly
did nothing to silence the alarm bells.
And then Okumura. Whatever grievous sins Sae is sure would have come spilling out in his
confession have been entirely overshadowed in her mind- The Phantom Thieves have
revealed their hand, and their little stunt with the CEO more than proves it.
And then, there’sHe’sNo.
Sae draws her attention back to the Okumura residence.
Several officers are milling about, questioning staff and combing the place for something,
anything. Okumura the younger -Haru, Sae believes her name is- sits stiffly on the living
room couch, hands drawn tightly together.
Time for an interrogation.
“Okumura-san.” Sae approaches her, and doesn’t sit down, “I’d like to ask you a few
questions.”
Okumura stiffens slightly, not quite meeting Sae’s eyes, before she nods. “Of course.” She
says, “And, please, call me Haru.”
“…Haru-san.” Sae amends. “If that’s what you want. I’ll start by offering my condolences,
first and foremost.”
Haru’s laugh is a tinkling, strained, thing, “Oh, there’s no need. It’s not as though my father is
dead.”
Sae supposes, that even without the psychotic breakdown to muddy things, she and Haru
have different definitions on what a change of heart entails.
“I suppose that’s true.” Sae concedes, nonetheless. “Now, you were the one to find the calling
card, yes?”

Haru nods, finally drawing herself up, “Yes. I found it in the mailbox. I’m sure some of the
house servants can confirm this, too.”
“Of course.” Sae hums, and notes this down, “Pardon my being so vague, but did you notice
anything off about your father, before and after receiving the calling card?”
Haru fidgets for a moment, “Well, he was certainly different after receiving it. But he was no
more different than I would expect after receiving a threat like that. In the following days,
I’m not quite so sure. I spent some time at a friend’s house.”
Sae nods slowly. She’ll have to question some of the staff herself. “And before?”
Haru hesitates.
“Haru-san.” Sae says, emphatic, “Any information you can provide could be instrumental in
this case.”
“I understand.” Haru presses her lips together, “Well- father had been… irritable, for quite a
few days before receiving the calling card. But, that’s because- um,” She grimaces, “A
business deal had fallen through.”
Sae’s eyes narrow, “A business deal?”
Haru nods, “You may have heard that my father was aiming to get into politics? He… found
a way to get a foot in the door, by having me engaged to the grandson of a rather renowned
politician.”
It is years of professionalism that keeps Sae from announcing her disgust.
“I see.” She says instead, “…And you said this deal fell through?”
Haru nods, “Yes- my ex-fiancé called it off.”
There is something about Haru’s posture, about her voice, that Sae wants to pry into. She
can’t meet Sae’s eyes for long, her voice is too flat, her hands are drawn white with how
tightly they’re pressed together.
But is it tension because of the topic at hand, or is it tension because of a lie?
What reason would Haru have to lie about this?
“Thank you, Haru-san.” Sae nods slowly, reviewing her notes, “This will be very helpful for
us.”
Haru smiles slightly, “I’m glad.” She fidgets, “Um, can I ask…?”
“Yes?”
“You asked me these questions for the Phantom Thieves case, right?” Haru asks, gracing Sae
with a rare bit of eye contact, “What about the case against my father? Is that being

prosecuted as well?”
Sae raises an eyebrow, “…Given his psychotic breakdown, his confession is being regarded
with scepticism at the moment. You don’t have to worry.”
“You misunderstand me.” Haru says firmly, “My father… has not been a good man, as of
late, Niijima-san.”
Sae gathered that. Revealing a bit more won’t hurt. “At the moment, the effects of the
psychotic breakdown… haven’t been subsiding as quickly as the ones we have documented
have in the past. Of course, it isn’t an identifiable medical condition, so no one can make a
claim as to what that means.”
Haru bites at her lip, glancing at the floor, “…And the change of heart?”
Sae hesitates, “…What he initially said during the press conference is still on record. But last
I heard he isn’t coherent enough to say much more. At the very least, he’ll likely be
prosecuted for assault.”
Sae can’t quite decipher the way Haru’s expression shifts, “I see…” She hums, “I- if it’s not
presumptuous- if you ever need someone to testify-”
“We’ll call on you.” Sae reassures her, “But, at the moment, the Phantom Thieves’ case is our
top priority.”
“Mm.” Is Haru’s only response, accompanied by a nod. She gives a short laugh under her
breath, humourless, “I suppose they are rather infamous these days.”
Sae doesn’t let her thoughts drift to“They are.” Sae says simply.
Haru shifts, “…If I may -sorry if this is personal- but, how are you, Niijima-san? The news
this morning; I know you and Goro-kun were rather close-”
Sae almost doesn’t recognise who she’s talking about, saying his given name rather than just
Akechi, “How do you know that?” She snaps.
Haru jumps, “Oh-! Well, Goro-kun and I are close friends.” She explains haltingly.
Present tense, Sae notes.
“He’s mentioned you before.” Haru continues, twisting her hands in her lap.
Sae has been doing her utmost to not think about Akechi.
She can’t, won’t, fall apart from this. Her reputation is already in tatters, she can’t afford to
take a few days off to do something as inconsequential as mourn.
Well,

That, and mourning implies that the subject in question is dead.
You don’t believe it either, A relieved and desperate part of Sae’s mind whispers as she eyes
Haru appraisingly, He can’t be dead, there’s no body, no chain that links it, even the calling
card was only mildly threatening at best,
Sae swallows.
“I’m doing fine.” Sae decides, snapping herself back to reality, “And I can promise you this,
Haru-san: I’ll bring the Phantom Thieves to justice. They won’t get away with what they’ve
done.”
Haru’s answering smile is hollow and disbelieving.
***
Akechi dislikes the waiting game.
He especially dislikes waiting for Makoto to act; as a simple point of pride, if nothing else.
He concedes that he can’t exactly be the one to organise a conversation with Sae, when
revealing his status as living to her could have unforeseen consequences if done indelicately.
Going through the logic of it all does little to solve the boredom, though.
Akechi has no desire to root around in Ann’s things. Or, rather, he already has, and has run
out of things to snoop on. Anything that he had thought might catch his attention is proving
fruitless. He swears TV used to be more entertaining when he was a child- and yet it only
takes five or so minutes before his mind begins to wander.
It’s a relief when the mid-afternoon dawns, and Ann returns with a cheerful “I’m back!”
from the front door.
“Took you long enough.” Akechi grouses.
Ann snorts, “I had school! You’re not that bored, are you? You can entertain yourself!”
As it turns out, such a task is easier said than done. When Akechi was, effectively, working
three full-time jobs, he would have killed for this kind of free time (And, technically, he had).
Now, with far too much time on his hands, he’s wondering if killing wasn’t his most
stimulating hobby.
“And, uh, anyway,” Ann continues, a bit sheepish, “I actually need to go. Right now.”
Akechi flops back on the couch with a glare.
“I’ll only be like half an hour!” Ann protests, “You’ll live!”
“If you come back to dust and bones,” Akechi drawls, “You know whose fault it is.”

“Read a book!” Is Ann’s sage advice, as she drops her schoolbag in the entryway and dashes
out the door.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and doesn’t get the chance to say that he checked all the books in Ann’s
apartment, and they all seem as painfully uninteresting as staring at the ceiling would be.
So stare at the ceiling he does, and thinks. He tries poking Robin and Loki into an argument,
which works until they start throwing insults that are pointedly personal in relation to
whatever philosophy Akechi was trying to idly muse about, and he decides that’s enough.
He starts, tense, as the door opens without Ann’s signature greeting.
“Yo!” Is the call at the door instead, and Akechi deflates, rolling his eyes as he
simultaneously rolls out the sudden tension in his shoulders.
The other blonde, then.
“Anyone home?” Sakamoto waltzes into the living room, plastic grocery bag slung around
his arm.
“You should announce yourself more quickly.” Akechi advises, hauling himself up from the
couch. “I could have stabbed you, thinking you were an intruder.”
“Looks like you were just lyin’ on the couch, dude.” Sakamoto points out, entirely unphased.
“Also- intruder? What is this, a fortress?”
“Considering it is where I am forced to spend my time, hiding from politicians and the
yakuza, it may as well be.” Akechi says dryly.
You’re being dramatic. Robin says, like he isn’t equally guilty of the same thing by nature
of his existence.
IT’S SOMETHING TO DO. Loki points out, and Akechi wonders if the trickster god is to
blame for his current temperament.
“You’re bein’ dramatic, dude.” Sakamoto says, and before Akechi can lament the fact that
Sakamoto of all people and half of his soul are apparently on the same page, Sakamoto drops
the shopping bag on the counter and continues, “Where’s Ann, by the way? Am I gonna find
her corpse in a closet or somthin’?”
Akechi shoots him an unamused look. “No.” He says, flat, “She came back, dropped her bag,
and then promptly left.”
“Gotcha.” Sakamoto sighs, and hops up on the kitchen island, ignoring the pointed looks that
Akechi sends towards the perfectly serviceable stools.
A beat.
“How did you get in here?” Akechi eventually breaks the silence, hoping to anything that
Ann didn’t do something so absurd as leave the door unlocked.

“There’s a spare key under the pot plant out front.” Sakamoto says, rummaging through the
grocery bags and whipping out a packet of chips with a flourish, “I think Ann’s parents put it
there after she kept forgettin’ her keys.”
Ah. That’s not much better.
“Right.” Akechi mutters through gritted teeth.
“Lighten up, dude.” Sakamoto loudly opens the chips, “I think if someone knew you were
here, a locked door wouldn’t stop ‘em.”
That is, unfortunately, an excellent point. Akechi does nothing to acknowledge it.
“Anyway,” Sakamoto continues through a mouthful of potato, “I guess this is fine with just
the two of us here for now.”
Akechi gives him a deadpan look, “How so?”
“Last time we talked, you kinda just told me to eff off.” Sakamoto says, “And, yeah, you’re
an asshole, so I guess that tracks.”
Akechi doesn’t entirely know how to follow that up. “Your point?”
“Well,” Sakamoto drawls, “I was tryin’ to figure out what your deal is. And now, you can’t
just gimme a bunch ‘a bullshit excuses and run away.” He grins, looking overly pleased with
himself.
Akechi grimaces, “I suppose that is an accurate summary of the current situation.”
Sakamoto makes a face, “Kinda weird how you talkin’ like that wasn’t fake.”
Akechi frowns, “What’s wrong with the way I talk?”
“It’s just kinda snobby.” Sakamoto says, waving a hand.
“Both Niijima and Haru-san’s vocabulary are passably similar to mine.” Akechi points out
with a glare, “Not to mention Kitagawa. I don’t see you hounding them.”
Sakamoto rummages around for more chips, “Eh, I call Yusuke weird plenty. And I call
Makoto uptight all the time. And, Haru…?” He shrugs, “I dunno. She just comes off nicer ‘n
you.”
Akechi supposes he can’t argue with that.
“Aaanyway,” Sakamoto shoves more chips in his mouth, “Past few days have been kinda
wild, huh?”
Akechi blinks, slowly, “Is your idea of figuring out my deal dragging me into small talk?”
Sakamoto groans, “I dunno, man! I didn’t have a plan going into this.”

Before Akechi can say something snappish, there’s the sound of keys in the door.
“I’m back! Again!” Ann jogs into the kitchen, and blinks at the grocery bags cluttering her
kitchen island. “I thought I was buying snacks?”
Sakamoto mirrors her bewildered expression, “But I bought snacks.”
They stare at each other.
Akechi rubs his temple, feeling a migraine coming on, “…Surely, you can save the leftovers
for next time if this is too much?”
“It’s about the principle!” Ann snaps, marching over to the kitchen island and dumping her
bags down, “Now the roster’s all off!”
Akechi decides that he doesn’t care to participate in this argument.
“Whatever.” He mutters. He gives Ann a look, and points at Sakamoto, “Why is he here,
anyway?”
“Hey!” Sakamoto yelps.
“Ohhh, right,” Ann laughs, “I forgot to tell you. Ryuji comes by pretty often.”
“Forgot, did you?” Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Ann laughs some more, “Alright, I intentionally didn’t tell you because I knew you’d find a
reason to run off.” She jabs Akechi’s ribs, “But now you’re stuck with us!”
“Joy.” Akechi says, feeling anything but.
“Oi, Ann.” Sakamoto pipes up, and holds out the bag of chips, which Ann gratefully
rummages around in, “You’re good with people stuff, right?” He gestures towards Akechi,
“What’s his deal?”
Ann snorts around a mouthful of chips, “You think I know?” She looks Akechi up and down,
“Ask Ren. He’d know.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, derisive, “You’re better off asking Sumire.”
Sakamoto nods in acceptance of this, “That tracks.” He hops off the kitchen island, tossing
the chips down. He gives Akechi the side eye, “You ever played video games, dude?”
“…On occasion.” Akechi acquiesces, “Is that why you’re here?”
“Yep!” Ann sings, throwing herself onto the couch, “I kinda suck at them, so I get Ryuji to
carry me through all the stuff we can do multiplayer.”
Sakamoto groans, “And then you get me to play Animal Crossing and shit! I dunno why I
have to be here for that!”

Ann elbows him with an affronted look, “You like playing it as much as I do! Don’t do that
weird bro thing where you’re all like hey, dude, I only play first person shooters because I’m
a man-”
“I think you will find that I could not care less about what you play.” Akechi interrupts,
delicately settling himself on the arm of the couch, “I’m stuck here no matter what.”
“You’re so dramatic.” Ann sighs, and, ah, three for three, it seems.
“That’s what I said!” Sakamoto grins.
Ann cackles, “What’s the saying? Great minds think alike?”
“And fools seldom differ.” Akechi snipes.
Ann pouts, “For that, you’re gonna have to play a game with us. I think I’ve got another
controller around here somewhere…” She trails off, walking forward to poke through a box
under the TV.
“Ugh, fine,” Sakamoto throws his hands up, “I guess I can carry you two on my back.”
Akechi scowls, “Bold of you to assume you’ll get the chance.”
“Yeah!” Ann calls over her shoulder, standing and tossing a controller at Akechi, “I’ll have
you know I’ve been getting way better.”
“Uh huh.” Sakamoto intones, entirely disbelieving, “Sure. Oi, ‘Kechi, ever played this game
before?”
Akechi looks at the screen. He can’t even read the font for the title. “No.”
Sakamoto makes a gesture like that’s all that need be said.
Ann flops back on the couch, peeling off her socks and throwing them on the floor, which,
ew, “This entertaining enough for you, Akechi-kun?” She says with a smirk before Akechi
gets the chance to give her a disgusted look.
Akechi frowns. “I suppose it will suffice.” He eventually says.
Ann’s smirk widens, and Akechi hears Sakamoto snort, “Think I’m startin’ to get what your
deal is.”
And, in a rare occurrence, both the Sun and the Chariot grow to rank five and three,
simultaneously.
***
After Ryuji leaves, Ann pulls out her phone, mulling over what to order for dinner.

All things considered; she thinks today went pretty well. She had been half-worried that
Akechi would just vanish into the ether the second Ryuji showed up, but she guesses he must
have been bored enough to tolerate them.
It was fun, even! Team bonding, or something, she retroactively decides was her grand plan.
Maybe she can invite Makoto next time, and see if that fixes whatever issue she and Akechi
have.
Ann isn’t stupid enough to invite Ren to see how that would turn out. And she certainly isn’t
mean enough to trick Futaba into something like this without advance warning.
But, well, it’s an option.
She sinks a little more into the couch pillows, and the freezes when Akechi leans over the
head of the couch with a slightly pinched expression.
“Uh,” She shuffles into a slightly more dignified position, “Hey.”
“Can I borrow your phone?” Akechi asks, eyebrows furrowed in annoyance. Ann gets the
slightly uplifting feeling that he isn’t annoyed at her, exactly.
“Ummm, don’t you have your own?” Ann drawls out.
Akechi’s scowl becomes a little sharper, “I left it in Mementos when it became apparent I’d
be staying here.” He explains, “I’d like to go for a walk, and I’m not stupid enough to do it in
the real world.”
Ann frowns, weighing her options. As much as she laughed it off when Akechi complained
about being stuck here, she doesn’t actually want to turn her apartment into a holding cell.
She also doesn’t want to give him her phone, though.
“I’ll buy a burner while I’m out.” Akechi says, like a compromise, “Or steal one, rather. Just
so the Nav will appear.”
Ann feels her resolve crumbling.
She groans, “Ugh- don’t steal anything.” She mutters, jumping off the couch and marching
over to her wallet on the kitchen island, grabbing some yen, “Just buy one. You can pay me
back later.”
Akechi slowly takes the money that Ann shoves into his hands, eyeing it suspiciously. He
shoots her a look.
She, regretfully, also shoves her phone in his hands.
“I don’t know the password.” He points out.
Ann scowls, snatching the phone back, and quickly changes the passcode to 1234, “I’ll
change it once you come back.” She says, and then shoots him the sternest look she can
muster, “Don’t go looking through all my stuff! Just Mementos!”

“I have no interest in snooping through your phone.” Akechi says, flat, and Ann figures that’s
probably the best reassurance she’ll get.
Ann waves her arms, “Okay then! That’s all you get! Go!”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and dutifully melts into thin air.
Ann huffs, and puts her hands on her hips.
Oh.
She still needs to order dinner.
…She’ll just order some pizza over the landline, she guesses.
***
Makoto has a plan.
It’s not particularly defined, or smart, or, frankly, necessary, but it is a plan nonetheless.
Step one is sneaking out.
This isn’t a difficult step. Not in the slightest, considering her sister seems to have declared
the precinct and prosecutor’s office as her new home. Fine by Makoto- it just makes this
easier.
Step two is looking reasonably unsuspicious as a high schooler making their way to the
courthouse at night. A bit more of a hurdle, but she can pass as a bit older than she actually is
if she holds herself right and doesn’t look guilty, which should be enough to avoid scrutiny.
Step three is, well,
Take out her phone, take a deep breath, and whisper:
“Sae Niijima, Courthouse, Casino.”
And let the world shift around her.
The first thing she sees are the lights, neon and blinding. Overly colourful, pinks and reds and
greens and golds. Gaudy, far flashier than Makoto ever expected of something that resides in
her sister’s heart.
The second thing she sees is that her clothes haven’t changed. She can’t tell if that’s a good or
bad sign.
And the third“What are you doing here?” Akechi asks with a raised eyebrow.
Makoto splutters, “What are you doing here?!”

Akechi gives her a flat look, and gestures broadly, “Taking in the sights, I suppose.”
“Are- are you a cognition?” Makoto hisses, looking him up and down.
Akechi’s other eyebrow raises to join the first, “No.”
Well then.
“What,” Makoto repeats, “Are you doing here? Really?”
There are few reasons to be in a palace, especially given that Akechi has a perfectly good
offer to sleep in the real world. None of the remaining reasons are pleasant, when considering
who Akechi is and what he’s done, and Makoto isn’t leaving him alone in this place for a
second“I was getting impatient.” Akechi eventually says.
“it’s been a day.” Makoto snaps, “And getting impatient about what?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “In general. I wasn’t doing anything. There’s hardly any point. I wasn’t
lying when I said I was taking in the view.”
“So, what? You just decided to come and- I don’t know, snoop on my sister’s palace?”
Makoto accuses.
“That’s exactly what I decided, yes.” Akechi hums, bland.
Makoto finds it exceedingly difficult to argue with that. She wishes Akechi would stop
talking.
“You didn’t answer my question.” Akechi doesn’t stop talking, “What is it, exactly, that you
are doing here?”
Makoto bristles.
“You hardly need to scout Sae-san’s palace in order to convince her to our side, since we all
agreed that it was unnecessary to delve into it.” Akechi continues, pushing a little further,
“And doing so alone is hardly advisable.”
“Then I guess it’s a good thing that you’re here.” Makoto mutters, giving Akechi the sharpest
look she can.
Akechi seems unphased.
Makoto clenches her fists at her sides, shifting on her feet. She eyes the lights again,
grimaces at the playing cards blowing out of doorways in non-existent winds.
Akechi makes no move to talk again. Makoto finds she hates it just as much as the obnoxious
chatter.

“I-” Makoto starts, and swallows, “I wanted to check something. That’s why I’m here.”
Akechi’s eyes flick back to her, “And what might that be?”
“Everything.” She blurts. “I- Sis, she-”
“Do you think a conversation will be insufficient in convincing Sae-san to help us?” Akechi
questions.
“No.” Makoto says, “It could work, I think.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Then what’s the problem?”
“That is the problem.” Makoto snaps. “I- Really? One conversation? One chat, and Sis will
be a better person.” She lays it out, incredulous.
A shadow cuts across Akechi’s face, “Ah.”
“And- it’s not like I don’t want it to be that easy,” Now she’s started, she can’t seem to make
herself stop, “But even if she fixes her sense of justice, or whatever, she’s still obsessed with
success, and- look!” Makoto whirls, and points furiously at the towering casino, “Is this what
she thinks her job is? A gamble?”
A pause.
“No.” Akechi says. “The opposite.”
Makoto gives him a look.
Akechi shrugs, “She thinks justice is rigged. She thinks it’s the only path, making sure she
wins. Her shadow is the casino manager.” He explains.
“That’s worse.” Makoto grits out.
“I know.” Akechi says simply.
Another pause.
“And she still…” Makoto mumbles out, and then scoffs, “You wouldn’t get it.”
Akechi gives her a look of his own, “And what might that be?”
“You-” Makoto rolls her eyes, “You wouldn’t get it.” She repeats, “My sister loves you.
You’re everyone’s golden boy, while I have to sit, and-” She cuts herself off.
Akechi folds his arms, “…Whatever your grievances with Sae-san,” He begins, “Surely you
understand that she will hardly see me in the same light once she finds out what I’ve done.”
Makoto snorts, only half believing. Considering how unconcerned the thieves seem to be
with all that, Makoto could only throw her hands up in exasperated resignation if Sae did the
same thing.

“Sure.” Makoto says in acquiescence, “But that doesn’t mean anything’s changed. Sis could
hate you, and she’d still be the person who loved me less because I wasn’t useful to her.”
She wants to take the words back as soon as she says them. There’s a thread of I’m sorry, sis,
I didn’t mean it, I’m grateful for everything you do, I know it’s hard, I know you didn’t want
this to happen,
But, instead, she looks Akechi in the eye and dares him to refute her.
He doesn’t. He just nods, silently, and Makoto turns away.
“Do you want to change her heart?” Akechi asks.
“I-” Makoto chokes, “I don’t know.”
Akechi raises his eyebrows again.
“I don’t…” She swallows, “I don’t want to-”
She probably should have thought this through a little more.
“Changing a heart is a large undertaking.” Akechi says, cutting off her stuttering, “Not just in
the work required to accomplish it, but also in what it does to the recipient.”
Which is why Makoto doesn’t know.
“A benefit, however, to how much effort it takes to complete a palace infiltration,” Akechi
continues, voice deceptively light, “Is that you don’t have to make a decision right away. Or
at all, in fact.”
Makoto narrows her eyes, “What are you suggesting?”
“Am I correct in thinking that you don’t want the others to hear about this?” Akechi turns and
raises an eyebrow, and Makoto frowns as she tentatively nods, “Then how about this? You
and I explore this palace together, in secret. There needn’t be a particular end goal, but I
assume that you’ll be stalling a talk with Sae-san until you’re either satisfied, or your hand is
forced.”
Is she really so obvious? Makoto hopes that this uncomfortable insight is a result of a
conversation she and Akechi had in the last timeline. Still weird, but far better than the
possibility that Akechi just understands things about her.
Oddly, she feels like he isn’t that thrilled by the prospect, either.
“You’d be correct.” Makoto admits, “But- it’s not like I’m trying to stall, it’s just-” She looks
up, again at the lights, flashing rhythmically, “She’s my sister.”
“So she is.” Akechi hums. He folds his arms, “Well? Yes or no?”
Makoto opens her mouth.

AndDamnit.
“Let me think about it.” She decides, which isn’t much of a decision at all, she knows, but
still.
“If you’re concerned about our safety,” Akechi continues, and it’s a small comfort that he
seems to have missed the mark on what’s causing Makoto to hesitate, “Then don’t be. You’re
perfectly adequate in healing and support, and I can cover navigation and any need for
damage.”
It’s about the closest thing to a compliment Makoto thinks she’ll ever get from Akechi. “I
know.” She says, finally managing to scrape together some composure, “I just feel off, lying
about what we’re doing.” She smooths her hands over her skirt, “But I’m not opposed. That’s
why I need to think about it.”
Akechi shrugs. “Don’t take too long.”
It’s always the timer, isn’t it?
(In Akechi’s mind, the High Priestess grows to its fourth rank.)
***
Ren isn’t sure how long Makoto needs, really, to organise everything with Niijima, but he
appreciates the semblance of a break.
Not that the stress has abated. No palace infiltration only means that Ren has more time for
the other things he's put off. The list is so long and so ambiguous that Ren doesn’t quite know
where to start.
Everything, as ever, still feels too hasty.
Spending time on the roof during breaks at school ranges emotionally from a quiet place to
think when Ren manages to get there on his own, to utter chaos when joined by some of the
other thieves.
There was a time, last time, to be precise, that the roof was also a place ofIt still is, Ren is reminded abruptly, a place of simple labour, as he sees fluffy auburn locks
peeking out from under a sunhat across the roof as he opens the door.
Haru turns, blinking with surprise, “Oh! Ren-kun!”
Ren waves, “Hi, Haru. Uh- I hope I’m not interrupting?”
She shakes her head, “Not at all. You can join me, if you’d like? You said you helped me out
in the garden a lot, last time.”

“I did.” Ren reconfirms. “I can help.” He squats next to the planters, and rolls up his sleeves.
Haru smiles, as bright as she’s ever been, “Thank you! Is Mona-chan not with you today?”
Ren is starting to get déjà vu. He shakes his head, “No, he went to hang out with Ann.” He
idly picks a weed out of the soil, “You’re calling him Mona-chan again?” He says without
thinking.
Haru blinks, “Again?”
“Oh- you called him Mona-chan last timeline,” Ren explains, “You were pretty close, since
you joined us by finding Morgana when he ran away.”
Haru laughs under her breath, “I suppose even if circumstances are different, we are
fundamentally the same people.”
Ren isn’t sure how much he can refute that.
Haru is different, from what he remembers. But that’s just the thing- Ren doesn’t know if
she’s actually different, or if he’s just seeing her from a different angle. All the gratitude and
the sparks of a first friend are directed elsewhere, the dynamic shifted entirely.
All there is to be done is gardening, it seems.
“Did I hate him, last time?”
Ren nearly falls over at the question. He turns and gives Haru an alarmed look.
He knows who she’s talking about.
Haru smiles, “I’m sorry, that was a bit out of nowhere, wasn’t it?”
“A bit.” Ren agrees.
“I’d ask Goro-kun himself, but I’m unlikely to get a straight answer.” She explains, “And I
wouldn’t want to upset him, asking something like that. I doubt Sumi-chan really knows
either- and I think the question would upset her even more.”
A good point.
“Why do you want to know?” Ren asks slowly.
“A passing curiosity, I suppose.” Haru hums, “Goro-kun told me, ahead of time, that he was
in a position to assassinate my father. And then, when he got his memories of last time back,
that he is the person who once killed my father.” She frowns, “It didn’t really matter to me. It
still doesn’t, if I’m being honest. Goro-kun might be the same person who did those things,
but the consequences have effectively been erased.”
Ren nods, tentative, “…I know Akechi sees things differently.”

Haru laughs, “Of course! Sometimes I can’t help but be shocked at how similar we are, and
then with things like this we’re entirely opposites.” She looks down, back at the soil, “I even
told him that if it came down to him or my father, given the circumstances of his employment,
shall we say, that he shouldn’t make the choice for my sake.”
Ren smiles, and thinks that Haru really is the same as ever. “If you’re asking about how you
felt about Akechi, last time…” He trails off, and trues to think of how to word it, “I don’t
know for sure, really. But I don’t think you hated him. You were pretty nice to him, all things
considered.”
“I suppose I expected that.” Haru says lightly, “I asked you only because I know my
perception of it is… coloured. Goro-kun and Sumi-chan were my first real friends. I can’t
ever imagine hating either of them.”
Ren ignores the hollow ring of another thing so different. “…Beyond curiosity,” He
continues, pulling out another weed, “Was there any other reason you wanted to know?”
Haru doesn’t look up, tilling the dirt a little more.
Ren waits.
“Niijima-san -the elder one, that is,” Haru eventually says, “She came over to my apartment,
for questioning, along with some other officers. She implied that the effects of the psychotic
breakdown haven’t seemed to have quite worn off yet.”
Ah.
Haru pushes the soil around, inspecting one of the plant leaves with gloved hands, “I don’t
think I’ll ever be getting my father back.” She says, detached.
“I don’t think you ever were.” Ren says, not unkindly.
Haru smiles, unhappy, “I know. I never could quite seem to get it through my head.”
Back to the planters. Ren picks a ripe tomato off the stem, setting it to the side.
“I could never hate him.” Haru says quietly, and Ren isn’t quite sure who she’s referring to.

Chapter End Notes

remember when Makoto was mad at everyone for digging their heels in and she had to
try and drag the plot forward on her own? well. Oh, how the turn tables HAHAHA. at
least she's actually doing something instead of moping, Renhiiii how is everyone. it feels like i'm coming back from an extended vacation every
time I upload a chapter even though it's only been two weeks lmao

Socials! uhhh I seem to have settled into a rhythym of posting fftsr wip's on my tumblr
on the off-weeks of updates, if that piques anyone's interest
Tumblr, Instagram, Cara
Confidants! Ooo a double. followed by a triple. ...and Makoto finally gets a rank up after
300 years HAHAHA
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 4
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 4
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Haru: oh, I just knew Goro-kun, is allSae: Do not speak that name to me. He's dead to me.
Haru: ...I think he may be dead to a lot of people, actually

Chapter 68
Chapter Summary

Deals, casinos, and dodging concequences.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Another timer to the pile is hardly new.
Akechi wishes that he had given Makoto a deadline to make her decision. He’s not entirely
sure what that deadline would be, but another nebulous limbo is hardly what anyone needs
right now.
He’s also stuck in the unfortunate position of not having a reliable means of communication
with anyone except for Ann. He bought a burner phone on the way back from Sae’s palace,
but he didn’t link a new number to it. He simply waited for the Nav to appear on the
homepage, and returned Ann’s phone.
Hopefully Makoto will have the foresight to try and contact Akechi in a way that is distinctly
unsuspicious.
For now, though, Ann kicks her legs back and forth on the couch, frowning at her phone.
“Um…” She mumbles, and Akechi looks up, “So… I think Futaba wants to talk to you?”
That isn’t what Akechi wanted to hear.
“And how does she intend to do that?” Akechi asks, stalling.
Ann nearly drops her phone as it starts ringing.
“Uh.” Ann gives him an apologetic look, “Like that?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and holds out his hand. Ann passes him the phone, mouthing sorry as
she does.
“Hello?” Akechi says, flat.
“What happened to your phone?” Is the snappy response.
“I left it to rot in the collective unconscious.” Akechi explains tiredly.
“Oooh.” Futaba drawls out, “That makes sense I guess.”

“I bought a burner.” Akechi continues, glaring at Ann and hoping she’ll get the message to
leave the room, “I don’t have a number attached to it, though. I assumed that would be illadvised.”
“Ah…” Futaba hums, and Akechi still can’t quite get a read on her, “Well, so long as it’s a
completely new number you should be good. And you don’t spread it around to people who
shouldn’t have it.”
“I see…” He says, and tries to figure out how to shoo Ann away without insulting her
gracious hospitality too much. She pointedly ignores him.
“Yep.” Futaba says with a pop, “We could get that done pretty quick, actually. I could make
sure all the money stuff is linked back to me, which won’t look out of place with all the other
shit I’ve bought.”
“As opposed to a strange man in a face mask and hoodie demanding to by a new sim card.”
Akechi follows the thread of logic. He raises an eyebrow, “We?”
“Yeah.” Is the simple response, followed by a pause. “You’re coming to Akihabara with me,
by the way.”
Akechi was afraid of this, “Is that so?”
“You’d better come with!” Some fire flashes in her voice, “I know where you live!”
Ann must hear that, as she frowns and her brows furrow. Akechi glares at her again.
“Do the words on the run mean nothing to you?” Akechi snarks with the least amount of
venom he can manage.
“Uh, yeah,” Futaba scoffs, “It means you get to play the role of my nameless and mysterious
bodyguard as we wander the streets. It comes with a tragic backstory and everything.”
“Have you actually thought this through?” Akechi asks lowly.
“Of course I have.” Futaba snaps, “You were willing to live the highlife of Mementos real
estate until Ann saved your ass, and you would have had to walk around town like a normal
person then.”
Apparently, Ann can hear everything, as she chimes in: “She’s kinda right…”
“Is that Ann? Thanks for backing me up!”
Akechi can feel a migraine coming on.
“Alright.” He mutters, “It’s your funeral. Or, more accurately, mine.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Futaba blows a raspberry, “You’ll be fine. I’m a great navigator. Akihabara is
no problem for us.”

Akechi grits his teeth, “I’ll meet you in the laundromat near Leblanc.”
“Be quick!”
And the line goes dead.
“So, uh…” Ann twirls her hair around a finger as she takes her phone back, “Are you two
going to be okay, or…?”
Akechi thinks his glare might be losing some of its effect, but he turns it on her again
anyway, “Weren’t you the one backing her up in this?”
Ann waves her hands, “I was just saying that one point was kinda true! I didn’t mean that
going outside is a good idea!”
“Then where were you during that part of the argument?” Akechi hisses, pulling his hoodie
over his head and rummaging around for his facemask.
“Well, maybe it’ll be good!” Ann says, flustered, “Like, good that you won’t have to use my
phone all the time. And, uh…” She grimaces, “I dunno what’s going on with you and Futaba,
but maybe you can sort something out…?”
“What’s going on is that I murdered her mother.”
Ann’s grimace gets even more strained, “Uh, yeah, right. …If she’s willing to talk to you,
then…?”
“Stop trying to give advice on things you know nothing about.” Akechi snaps, “I’ll be back
later. Or I won’t. Don’t bother looking for my body.”
“Alright, jeez!” Ann rolls her eyes and flops back on the couch, “Maybe get in a better mood
before Futaba has to deal with you.” She mutters.
Akechi says nothing, and melts into Mementos.
***
As it turns out, Futaba is the one that’s late.
“Sorry!” She yelps, barrelling into the laundromat, “I got distracted. And I had to get Ren and
Mona off my back.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “They don’t know where you’re going?”
“If they did, then they’d insist on coming along.” She says, not quite meeting his eyes, “And
you want that even less than I do.”
Point. “Right. Shall we go, then?”
“Yeah.” She kicks at the floor, then narrows her eyes. “Wait. Your disguise kinda sucks.”

Akechi blinks. He gestures to how his hair and most of his face is entirely covered, “It’s
fine…?”
“For the layman maybe,” Futaba sticks her tongue out, “But what if Sae Niijima decides to
take a leisurely stroll through Akihabara? She’ll spot you a mile away!”
Akechi sincerely doubts that’s the case. “How would you suggest I fix that, then?”
Futaba whips off her glasses, and shoves them on Akechi’s face.
“There.” She says, triumphant, as Akechi tries to recalibrate from shock. “You and Ren have
the same problem. Your eyes are weirdly intense.”
Akechi does not gape like a fish, “…Ah.”
Futaba squints, “I can’t see properly.”
“Neither can I.”
A beat.
“Oh well!” Futaba shrugs, “We’ll live. Try not to trip onto the train tracks.”
Akechi snorts, “Likewise.”
The trip to Akihabara is mercifully short, and predictably uncomfortable. The heavy
prescription glasses are starting to give Akechi a proper, non-annoyance-induced headache,
and from how often Futaba nearly runs into bins, Akechi can guess that her vision is
exceptionally blurry.
“Screens ruin your eyesight, you know.” Akechi snipes.
Futaba sticks out her tongue, “Usually I have a key item to fix that. It’s not supposed to leave
my inventory, but here we are.”
Akechi understood about half of that. “You can take it back, if you wish.”
“And leave you to the wolves? No sir. I wouldn’t be surprised if your rabid fans could
recognise you by a patch one-centimetre patch of your skin.” She says, lowering her voice.
Akechi scoffs, and privately agrees. Having a pair of glasses suddenly shoved on his face for
the purpose of disguise is a strange thing to happen twice, but he supposes it’s effective.
Actually- “Did Ren put this idea in your head?” He mutters.
Futaba’s nose scrunches with confusion, “What?”
“Nevermind.”
Her eyes widen, “Oh, no, wait,” She cackles, “Did Ren do this to you too? When? Tell me!
That’s hilarious.”

“Last timeline.” Akechi grits, “It was as unpleasant then as it is now.”
“Oh, you’ll live.” Futaba rolls her eyes, and that’s that.
Despite the two of them being temporarily eyesight impaired, Akechi manages to guide them
to the store Futaba describes once their train arrives at Akihabara. News reports of
Okumura’s psychotic breakdown and Akechi’s sudden disappearance and presumed death
display across the various screens and TVs littering the streets. He turns away.
“So, you know why I wanted to talk to you, right?” Futaba asks, quiet, as they stare at a wall
of electronics.
Akechi rolls out his shoulders. “You want to pick up where we left off, no?” He gives her a
look, “Did you hope conversing in public would stop this from ending as poorly as last
time?”
Futaba snorts, “I guess. That’s part of it.” She leans forward, and squints at a label, “I think I
get your deal, now.”
“Do you?”
She still doesn’t meet his eyes, “Did you even mean half the stuff you said, last time?”
Akechi clenches his fists in his pockets, “Of course.”
“See, that’s the thing.” Futaba mutters, “I can’t tell if you’re lying. But, I remembered, after I
left, I forgot to push you for answers on something because I got distracted by you saying all
that stuff.”
Akechi hums, “And what answers might that be?”
Futaba groans, “See! You’re even doing it now! I’m not stupid!”
“I don’t believe you are.” Akechi says truthfully. “You’d need at least a modicum of
intelligence to accomplish the things you have.”
“And now you’re trying to butter me up!” Futaba throws her hands up, “It’s not gonna work,
asshole!”
“I also assumed you would be intelligent enough to take a hint.” Akechi hisses.
Futaba angrily takes a package off the wall to get a closer look at it, “Not gonna happen. You
owe me.”
“I owe you nothing.”
“You do, you-” Futaba cuts herself off, and sucks in a breath. “This is going badly.”
Akechi says nothing in response.

She waves the package in her hand, “I’m gonna go buy this. Then we’re gonna go
somewhere else.”
And so, Akechi waits. When Futaba comes back, she holds out her hand, and he dutifully
gives her his phone.
“Refrain from putting spyware on it, please.” Akechi says mildly.
“Did I do that last time, too?”
“You did.”
“Huh.” Futaba says, and hands the phone back. “Let’s get out of here. There’s somewhere
else I wanna go, and I’ve got money to burn.”
Somewhere else, turns out to be a store filled to the brim with various action figures and
models, alongside various limited-edition books and hardware- Akechi wonders, idly, if
Futaba’s secondary wish in Maruki’s reality would be unlimited access to a place like this.
“I’m never complaining about my glasses again.” Futaba mutters under her breath, “Crow!
Guide me to the featherman section.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Sure.”
He manages to spot it, and pokes Futaba in its direction. She lights up with a grin, and
scurries over, Akechi trailing behind.
“Y’know,” She starts, as she peruses the action figures, “When I told Ren what happened, he
said we should apologise to each other.”
“That’s ridiculous.” Akechi says, instinctive.
Futaba gestures violently, “I know, right! It’s not like either of us would really mean it. Not
without a bunch of asterixis, at least.” She narrows her eyes, “Or did you just say that
because you have a primal urge to disagree with Ren about everything?”
Akechi smirks, “Column A, column B.” He says evasively.
Futaba rolls her eyes, “Figures.”
There’s a break in the conversation, as Futaba runs up and down the aisle, seemingly
unsatisfied with the selection before her.
“This sucks.” She rolls her lips together, “I came into this all confident. I was ready for an
interrogation.”
“What’s stopping you?” Akechi asks before he can bite his tongue.
Futaba scowls, squinting at the top shelf that she can’t quite reach nor see. Akechi stands on
his toes, and grabs a box off the shelf and hands it to her.

“Thanks.” She mumbles, and tilts her head, “I guess… you’re gonna keep being cagey no
matter what I do, so what’s even the point?”
Akechi looks away, staring at something else along the row.
“She was my mom.” Futaba says quietly, “Can’t you tell me anything?”
“About her, or about her relation to me?”
Futaba blinks, “Huh?”
“I could tell you about her just fine.” Akechi lies. He isn’t sure if he could handle that,
actually. “I’m not talking about anything else.”
Futaba shuffles on her feet, “…Was it really that bad?”
“I just said I’m not talking about it.”
“That’s as good as a yes, you know.” Futaba mutters, voice wet.
“Ask, or don’t.” Akechi grits out.
“I can’t.” Futaba snaps, “Everything I want to know is only stuff that you can tell me, and
since you’re so tight lipped-”
“How about this, then?” Akechi cuts her off, “Once we deal with him, you and I work
together to try and salvage what parts of her research are still floating around. You get what
you want, and I don’t have to talk about it.”
It’s a terrible deal, really.
Neither of them are actually getting what they want. The idea of Futaba knowing anything
about that makes Akechi’s skin crawl, even through a filter of clinical detachment and
scientific jargon. And, well, Futaba clearly won’t be satisfied. No, she wants a testimony.
But, the alternative is having nothing at all.
Futaba stares at the ground, brows furrowing as she considers it.
“Okay.” She eventually says, swallowing. “That’s- that’ll work. I guess.”
Akechi nods, and feels no tension drain from his body.
“Promise.” She insists, “You’ll help me.”
“Of course.”
“And you’ll help fill the gaps.”
“Not the deal.” Akechi snaps.

Futaba scowls, “We’ll workshop it.”
“We won’t.” Akechi promises, and takes the box out of her hands to finally march up to the
register.
And, of course, the Death reaches rank five.
***
It's a familiar turn of events, when Sumire finds herself window shopping in Kichijoji on a
Monday afternoon. More familiar still, when she nearly walks straight into Ren, who seems
to be doing much the same.
“Ren-senpai!” Sumire yelps in apology, “Oh- sorry, I wasn’t looking where I was going-”
“Neither was I.” Ren says sheepishly, “Don’t worry about it.”
Sumire laughs, feeling a bit relieved, “Well, okay then.” She tilts her head, eyeing the bag at
Ren’s side, “Is Morgana-senpai not with you today?”
Ren shrugs, “Nah. He ran off to hang out with Ryuji and Ann. I was just killing time.” He
rubs the back of his neck, “What about you?”
“Oh, well,” Sumire smiles awkwardly, “To be honest- do you remember how I dragged you
along to help me pick out a birthday gift for my dad, last time? I, uh, sort of forgot, this year.”
Ren snorts, “I know the feeling.”
“Right.” Sumire laughs, “I remembered this morning. I guess I’ll just buy the same thing I
did last time?”
Ren nods, “He liked them, didn’t he?”
“He did.” Sumire hums, “I got a bit distracted along the way. Some of these store fronts are
so flashy.”
Ren readjusts the bag over his shoulder, “I’ll come with.” He smiles, “Maybe you can buy
those gag glasses this time.”
Sumire snickers, “Maybe I will. Remind me when your birthday is, Ren-senpai?”
“That’s cold.” Ren pouts, performative.
Sumire shrugs, “You’re the one that suggested it.” She teases.
Ren laughs, and they fall into silence as they wander down the streets of Kichijoji, towards
the other main road.
“You know,” Sumire starts, as they enter the store selling a wide array of glasses frames, “It’s
strange. I worked myself up so much trying to figure out what my dad would like last time.”

Even though she wasn’t her at the time, it was still a very Sumire thing to do, she thinks
wryly. “And now it’s just… one and done. The second I find where the frames are I can leave
the store.”
Ren hums, distant, “That’s good.”
Sumire readjusts her ponytail, for want of something to do with her hands, “I guess. It felt the
most… off-putting, around April and May. I got used to it, I think. Or things changed enough
that it stopped feeling like I’ve been doing everything twice.” She skips over her languishing
gymnastics career in her head. Later.
“I get that, a bit.” Ren mumbles. “Things started changing even before I remembered
everything, but it was still… disorienting. And there’s a lot of stuff that hasn’t changed. And
a lot that has.”
Sumire frowns, “Yeah…” She turns, directing her attention back to the wall of glasses, “…
Did something happen?”
Ren shrugs, “Not really. It’s been happening for a while now.” He tugs at his fringe, “Just… I
talked with Haru, the other day. We used to be pretty close, you know? And I still remember
all that, but she doesn’t. And it’s never going to be the same, because the circumstances are
too different.”
Ah.
Now that was something Sumire only ever experienced in bits and pieces.
In the beginning, when she was so furious with Ren she could barely stand to look at him, she
had been conflicted. What right did she have, to project her anger and sorrow onto someone
who, for all intents and purposes, was a different person entirely?
Their relationship could never be the same, but that was a choice Sumire made. And,
ultimately, it all resolved quite well for her. She’s had her cake and eaten it too. She never had
much to lose to begin with, really- for all that it was odd speaking to the thieves while they
had no recollection of her, she never knew them that well to begin with.
Even with Goro, who Sumire will tentatively claim she was closest to aside from Ren in the
January prior; she made far more progress with him in the span of a few months than she
probably would have in a lifetime, if only because she knew where to look.
(And, a ghost could hardly have spilled secrets and friendship once the puppet it possessed
was tossed to the wayside upon the collapse of the reality that created it. Sumire doesn’t
much like thinking about that, though.)
“Even the things that aren’t different.” Ren continues, “Ann and Ryuji invited me along today
too, not just Mona. But they wanted to go to the arcade to play this new game that I
remember coming out, and I already played it with them when it released.”

Sumire skims the wall in front of her for a familiar set of red frames, and comes up empty.
“Too much, huh?”
Ren tugs at his fringe again, more fiercely this time, “Yeah. I didn’t want to ruin their fun or
anything, so I just… said I was busy.” He huffs, “It’s the same with so many people I know.
They’re not different, since they don’t really have much stake in all the stuff we’re doing, so
it just feels like I’m having the same conversations over and over.”
“I feel that with my coach, sometimes.” Sumire admits, “I kind of… sped things up a bit, but
she gave me the same word-for-word speech about needing to figure out who I am after my
last competition.”
Ren gives a wry snort, “Really? Even though you’re not… y’know?”
Sumire shrugs helplessly, “Yeah. I think she can tell I’m distracted, is all.”
“Right.” Ren mumbles, and scoffs, “It’s like all the stuff I want to be the same has changed,
and all the stuff I want to be different is stuck in place.”
Sumire laughs, “Inconvenient, isn’t it?” She swallows, “I’m really glad I’m not alone in this,
though.”
“You were for a while.” Ren points out, quiet, “Sorry I took so long.”
“It’s okay.” Sumire says, and finds that she means it.
Ren’s eyes flick down to the floor, and he says nothing else.
Sumire frowns at the selection before her, “I can’t find it…” She mumbles.
Ren tilts his head, and he points to a gap between some of the frames, “Isn’t that where it
was, last time?”
Sumire furrows her brows, trying to recall, “I think so…” She laughs, “Guess I was too late,
then.”
Ren smiles, awkward and laden with irony, “Want to pick something else?”
Sumire sighs, “I have to, don’t I?”
***
Apparently, Makoto is far more punctual than Akechi gave her credit for.
Futaba had quickly set up his number again, relinking him as a contact in everyone’s phones,
referred to by Crow exclusively. Akechi wonders if Makoto had actually intended to contact
him a day prior, but didn’t want to go through Ann as a middleman.
Queen: I’ve made a decision. Meet me outside the palace?

Crow: The palace itself, rather than properly outside, I take it?
Queen: Yes.
Akechi rolls out his neck, and turns to Ann.
“I’m going for a walk.” He says, “Don’t wait up. I won’t be here for dinner, most likely.”
Ann frowns, “Okay… um, why…?”
“Am I not allowed to get fresh air?” Akechi says snippily.
Ann presses her lips together, “…You’re not gonna do anything, like, dangerous, are you-”
“I won’t.” Akechi interrupts her. “I’m just clearing my head.”
Ann sinks into the couch with a resigned sigh, “Fine, I guess. I can’t stop you. Don’t die.
Please.” She tacks on.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I’ll try.” And melts into Mementos with a tap of the Nav.
It’s a little-known fact amongst the thieves, Akechi is fairly certain, that it is possible to enter
a palace from Mementos. All palaces begin from the collective hub of human minds, so there
is still a thread that tethers them, narrow and brittle though it may be.
Waiting outside the courthouse-turned-casino comes with a sense of foreboding. He isn’t
concerned, really, about how the infiltration will go. He and Makoto are perfectly capable.
No, he gathers it must be a holdover from what this casino meant for him last time.
A ticking clock, an escape, a veritable playground of entertainment. He had fun, loathe as he
is to admit it.
He thinks that having only Makoto for company might put a damper on the whole
experience. He’s long since abandoned any illusions that they might get along; not that he
really had any in the first place. He’s fairly sure he antagonised her first.
Think of the devil and she shall appear, Akechi snorts to himself, as a rather harried Makoto
melts into the entryway to the casino.
“Sorry I’m late.” She says in a rush, “Um, I got stopped on the way since it’s night. I had to
try and convince them I’m in university- I guess I still look pretty young.” She sighs.
“It’s fine.” Akechi says, “I take your answer is in the affirmative?”
“I wouldn’t have told you to meet me here if it wasn’t.” Makoto says with a wry smile. She
looks down at her clothes, “Is this… normal?”
“Yes.” Akechi nods, “Last time they only changed once we entered the casino for the first
time. Then they stayed that way, even after returning to the entrance.”

“I see.” Makoto hums, “So we only need to set her off first, and then she’ll consider us
threats.”
“Something like that, yes.” Akechi kicks off the pillar he was leaning against. “I’d advise
against the front door. There’s an entrance via the emergency exit up those stairs. We can
keep to the rafters that way. Though to progress we won’t be able to stay there very long.”
“But it will be good way to avoid some fights, at least.” Makoto concludes, nodding
decisively. “Lead the way.”
Akechi nods, and does just that. He’s become somewhat used to the chatter provided by
Sumire and Haru, or the other thieves, in less tense areas of palaces. He’s not sure if the
silence is a reprieve or unnerving.
He pushes open the door to the emergency exit, feeling a burst of blue flame across his skin
as a mask settles over his face. There’s a slight noise of surprise from Makoto, as her
Metaverse outfit bursts into existence as well.
She sighs, looking down at the cognitions milling below, “It’s so…”
“Flashy?” Akechi suggests.
“Well, that too.” Makoto agrees. She bites at her lip, “The cognitions look pretty normal.”
“They do.” Akechi hums. Good to see that hasn’t changed. “She still physically sees them as
people, at least. Though I’m not sure how much that’s worth when she also considers them to
be mindlessly gambling with people’s lives in a rigged system, if the metaphor continues as
such.”
The small bit of levity on Makoto’s face melts into a scowl. Akechi turns away.
“…Shall we continue?” He asks, “You ought to prepare yourself. We encountered her shadow
fairly early.”
“Right.” Makoto mutters, “Yes, I’m ready. Through the vent?”
“It’s the path we took last time.” Akechi confirms, and starts forward.
Moving to the next room ends their short stint hopping over rafters and chandeliers, as the
path marches down. Akechi keeps a sharp eye out, waiting for Sae’s shadow to make her
appearance. She made no attempt to hide, last time, and he doesn’t see why that would
change.
It’s Makoto who gasps, “Is that-?”
“Well, look at that. I knew you weren’t dead.”
Ah.
Akechi sighs, and turns.

Sae strides forward, all her distortion in place; wide-brimmed hat decorated with yellow roses
and playing cards, black dress with a plunging neckline knitted together with fishnet, the
tattoos, the knife heels, the makeup, and, surprisingly, no shadows at her flank.
“Sis…” Makoto gapes.
“Been hiding in the vents, have you?” Sae’s shadow stares Akechi down, “I suppose that’s
the only way to escape the shame of having lost.”
“Think what you will.” Akechi says mildly, not willing to entertain this for very long.
“Sure.” The shadow laughs, “Welcome to my humble casino, the both of you. Are you here to
play another game?”
Makoto marches forward, snapping out of her stupor, “We’re not here to gamble. Sis, what
the hell is this?”
Sae’s shadow sneers, “Not here to use the facilities? What an insult to say to my face, as the
manager. Are you just here to be judgemental?”
“If we’re not here to play games, then surely our business is of no interest to you?” Akechi
suggests.
A scoff, “Hardly. Unless the lobby is your idea of a good time, then the only way to progress
is to earn it. Otherwise, well,” She places a finger on her chin, coy, “I’d wager that the only
other activity available to you is thievery, and that is certainly my problem.”
Must all shadows be this obstinate?
“And what would you do about it?” Makoto snaps, fists clenched tight.
The shadow smirks, “I’d tell you that I’ll be waiting on the manager’s floor, and that you can
damn well try.” She shakes her head, and sighs, “I really thought better of you, Akechi-kun. I
thought we were on the same page.”
She doesn’t let Akechi get a retort in, as she clicks her fingers, and vanishes.
Akechi rolls his eyes.
Makoto scoffs, and stares at the ground.
“She barely even looked at me.” She mutters, after a moment.
Akechi isn’t equipped to deal with this. “Do you want to continue?” He asks.
Makoto draws herself back up, “Yes. Fine. Where to?”
He jerks his head towards the elevator in the centre of the lobby. “The manager’s floor is the
top floor. Unfortunately, the only way to progress is actually by playing the shadow’s game.”

“Of course.” Makoto scowls. She marches down the steps towards the elevator, at least
having the sense to sneak out of the field of view of a shadow that patrols at the other end of
the lobby.
“You won’t be able to-” Akechi begins to interrupt, before cutting himself off with a frown as
Makoto pushes the ‘up’ button on the elevator with a bit more force than strictly necessary.
The elevator chimes, and the door slides open.
Makoto gives him a look, “What?”
“We needed a member’s card, last time.” Akechi explains, “To even use the elevator.”
“Oh.” Makoto narrows her eyes at the doors, “I wonder what changed?”
Akechi shrugs, not particularly caring to analyse the minor changes in Sae’s cognition
between timelines that would have prompted such an innocuous difference. No, he supposes
that’s Makoto’s prerogative.
That silence, which Akechi has finally classified as generally uncomfortable over the
alternatives, falls and persists. Even as the elevator rises, Makoto takes to scowling at the
floor rather than attempt any small talk that she tends to entertain for the other thieves.
Fine by Akechi, really. As uncomfortable as the silence is, he doesn’t think an attempt at
conversation with Makoto of all people would be any better.
Arriving on the second floor brings back a wave of memories. And, with it, a problem.
“Queen.” Akechi speaks up, and Makoto breaks her staring contest with the ground. He jerks
his head towards the buttons that line the inside of the elevator, “We may have encountered a
roadblock.”
Makoto narrows her eyes, seeing the greyed-out buttons and a card reader, “The membership
thing you mentioned?”
“That.” Akechi agrees, though he’s sure that won’t be too difficult to rectify, “But, also, this
palace may prove itself… irritating, to progress through.”
“What do you mean?” Makoto places a hand on her hip, “You said it yourself, we’re perfectly
adequate as a team.”
“If this were Okumura’s palace, maybe.” Akechi concedes. “Or even Shido’s, if I were to be
generous. But Sae-san’s palace functions on rules and checks beyond sheer combat and
navigational ability.”
Makoto scans the room, “So what’s stopping us, then?”
“The way this palace operates is not entirely unlike a real casino.” Akechi explains, “To
progress to the next floor, we require a certain number of coins stored on a membership card.

Coins can be gained via gambling in the games on each floor. This floor is dice and slots, and
the next is the high-roller’s floor. Those games are a little more… involved.”
“So?” Makoto folds her arms, clearly not appreciating the meandering explanation, “Can’t
we just find a membership card? Surely the games will be no problem to us.”
“The games are rigged.” Akechi says, blunt, “We solved that by trapsing through the
backrooms and getting Oracle to hack the system. I’m not sure if you’ve picked up any
distinct computer skills by osmosis, but assuming you haven’t, then we’re out of luck.”
Makoto deflates. “Ah.” She bites at her lip, “So this whole thing is pointless.”
“Perhaps.”
“You could have said so earlier.” She grouses.
Akechi shrugs, “Forgive me, for not having an internal map of every palace I’ve encountered
at all times.”
Makoto rolls her eyes, “Is there really no way forward? Weren’t you the one who suggested
brute force in the face of Okumura’s cognitive lock?”
Akechi frowns, and surveys the room, “…I suppose we could look around. It would be
strange if the hurdles in Sae-san’s mind could only be countered by a teenaged hacker.”
“No, surely they can also be countered by her teenaged sister and coworker.” Makoto says,
sardonic.
Akechi snorts. “Surely.”
Makoto hums, and presses her lips together, looking towards the shadow serving as a
makeshift receptionist at the end of the hall that splits into the two dice game areas, “Think
we can get a membership card from them?”
“Possibly.” Akechi settles on. He hopes the rest of the palace won’t feature any more major
differences, “Last time, we also relied on Oracle for the membership card. Cards, that iswe’ll need two. Sae-san will try and pull something at the last minute, assuming we make it
that far.” He quickly explains.
“…Right.” Makoto agrees, a beat too late. She squares her shoulders, and stiffly walks
forward, “Excuse me,” She says to the shadow, “We were wondering where we might get a
membership card?”
“You can acquire one right here, miss.” The shadow states, bland, “I’ll have to ask for your
names. One card for each of you?”
“Yes.” Makoto nods, “My name is Makoto Niijima.”
Akechi inclines his head in vague greeting, seeing no reason to lie about their identities when
Sae’s shadow has already singled them out, “Goro Akechi.”

The shadow taps idly at the screen settled in front of it, “I see… The manager’s sister.
Welcome. Here is your card.” It hands a red card over, and Makoto takes it gingerly, “And,
Goro Akechi…” A beep from the machine. “I apologise, sir, your name is already registered
as a member.”
Akechi blinks, “Ah. …How long?”
“Nearly three years.” The shadow says primly. It turns back to Makoto, “As a gift for firsttime players in our lovely casino, you have a starting balance of one thousand coins.”
“T-thank you.” Makoto stammers, still looking a bit taken aback from their unexpected
roadblock, “Um…”
“The recommended area for beginners is to your left. The dice games.” The shadow gestures
broadly, “The slots are to the right. To proceed to the next floor, you must have a total of at
least fifty thousand coins. We also have a loan system, if you are so inclined. You may borrow
up to the maximum amount stored on your card.”
“Thank you.” Makoto repeats, “We’ll… get going.”
“Happy gambling.” The shadow says.
Makoto looks down at the card in her hand, “…You said we needed two?” She murmurs, as
they both walk briskly towards the dice games.
“Yes.” Akechi responds, “Keeping it at least somewhat secretive would be ideal, too. My
little gambit only worked last time because Sae-san didn’t clue in, and it shocked her enough
that she didn’t bother to raise the point total to enter the manager’s floor a second time.”
“Right… I get it.” Makoto hums. She scoffs lightly, “Well, that’s assuming we even make it
that far.”
“Assuming we even need to make it that far.” Akechi counters with a raised eyebrow, “We’re
only doing this until you’re satisfied, remember?”
Makoto scowls, “I know.” And pushes the door open.
“You said the games are rigged?” Makoto continues, snappy, “Depending on the minimum
amount required to bet, then we may as well play at least one round, to get a feel for any
weaknesses in the system. Or, barring that,” She eyes the cognitions dotting the room, “I
suppose we can observe someone else’s game, assuming that’s allowed.”
“It is allowed.” Akechi’s voice says.
Makoto pauses. Akechi does the same.
He didn’tIt’s uncomfortably familiar, to be met with his own face.

“Are you fucking serious?” Akechi hisses under his breath.
The cognitive double, dressed in a simple button-up, waistcoat, and slacks, sitting relaxed on
the couches dotting the centre of the room, laughs the kind of laugh that Akechi had allowed
around Sae; polite, with a thin line of light-hearted mockery.
Makoto looks rapidly between the two of them. “You could have mentioned this, you know.”
It’s no mystery which of the two of them she’s talking to.
“I would have,” Akechi snaps back, “If this was here before.”
“Isn’t she supposed to think you’re dead?” Makoto hisses. The cognition raises an amused
eyebrow.
“Didn’t you hear her shadow?” Akechi gesture violently towards the- the thing- god, he hates
cognitions of himself, “She clearly doesn’t believe it.”
Makoto groans, frustrated, “Well, now what!?”
“You’re awfully worked up.” The cognition comments, a bland smile in place. It chuckles,
“Sorry for disturbing you.”
“Do you act like that around her?” Makoto mutters.
“I think it’s playing it up.” Akechi says, shooting a glare towards the double.
The cognition laughs, heavier this time, and stands up, raising its hands placatingly, “You
caught me.” A ghost of a smirk twitches across its lips, “I really didn’t mean to interrupt you.
You’re quite loud, is all. I’m just here to play a game, really.”
Akechi scowls. “Not smart enough to realise they’re rigged?” He spits.
“Oh, I have my ways.” The cognition says loftily. It points towards one of the game rooms,
“You can watch, if you want. Or not. See you.”
Makoto glares at the thing’s back as it leaves. “Sis must think you’re insufferable.” She
snipes.
Akechi shrugs, “Probably.” He mumbles.
Makoto’s scowl deepens.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “What?”
Makoto glares harder, “What?” She echoes, “You’re as annoyed as I am. Don’t get snappy.”
Akechi flips up his visor to pinch the bridge of his nose, “Yes, because the thing is wearing
my face.” He really hates cognitions of himself, “What’s your excuse?”
“Do I need one?” Makoto asks, snide.

Akechi rolls his eyes again.
“Just-” Makoto starts, and takes a breath, “Was there a cognition of me, in here?”
Akechi stares at her, incredulous, “Are you serious?” He gestures forcefully to where the
cognition wandered off to, “You want one of those things wandering around, wearing your
skin?”
“It would be something.” Makoto snarls, “And I’ll take that as a no.”
“No, there wasn’t.” Akechi says, “And there wasn’t one of me, either, since you’ve
apparently forgotten. Not in the casino proper, at least.”
Makoto scoffs, “Whatever. You don’t get it- I’m her sister. She should be thinking of me, and
yet I’m not here.”
“I don’t think you understand how palaces work.” Akechi drawls, “Just because you don’t
exist in her distortion doesn’t mean you don’t exist in her mind at all.”
“Her distortion is that she doesn’t think about anything but work!” Makoto shouts, “Maybe
the cognitive me is holed up in some replica of our apartment, but she’s never there! It’s
basically the same as not existing!”
“Then what are you shouting at me for?” Akechi grits, “You think I have any control over
this? Take it up with Sae-san.”
“Do you know how many times I’ve had to eat dinner alone because Sis was getting takeout
with you?” Makoto seethes, “Of course it’s about you! It’s always about you, isn’t it, and now
even when you’re supposed to be dead you’re here and I’m not-”
“I think that’s enough.” Akechi cuts her off, “This is ridiculous. I’m not entertaining this. I
only did this-”
“What?” Makoto interrupts, “Out of the goodness of your heart? Get over yourself-”
“I,” Akechi speaks louder still, “Am leaving. Stay if you want. See if I care if you get
yourself killed.”
“Well I’m also leaving.” Makoto spits, “This was stupid.” She mutters, marching away, stiff
and furious.
It’s not surprising, necessarily, when the High Priestess grows to rank five, but Akechi does
find it within him to scoff, nonetheless.
***
There’s a nervousness, to lying that everything is okay.
Sumire had joked, fantasised, played pretend- all of it, hoping for some truth that everyone
might have a future.

She’s always had a future. By some definition, at least. Even when it changed, even when her
image of it shattered with the oncoming force of a truck, she twisted and leaped and dodged
and found herself back at square one.
The fragility of the concept only hit her on a cold morning in early February, listening to her
closest friend choke out his sorrows and excuses. And still, the understanding didn’t stick.
Being forced to face it again etches it into her mind a little deeper.
Sumire hates that there has to be someone, anyone, put up for slaughter in order to get
Shido’s conviction to be permanent. Hate in general isn’t something she really experiences
often- it’s rather novel, she thinks, above the dread and the taste of bile in the back of her
throat every time her train of thought passes it by.
There has to be a way out.
On Tuesday afternoon, she pads up the stairs to Leblanc’s attic, throwing an apologetic smile
over her shoulder at Sojiro, who just sighs and waves her off.
“Ren-senpai?” She calls up the stairs as she crests over the top.
Ren, who is lying back on his bed and scrolling idly through his phone, Morgana off who
knows where, sits up abruptly, “Sumire? What’s up?”
She gives half a smile, “I just wanted to talk a bit about our plan. Or, um, what’s left of it.”
Ren snorts, and stands, shoving his hands in his pockets. “If you’ve got a solution to all our
problems, I’d love to hear it. I’ve been fresh out of ideas for a month.”
Sumire’s smile becomes a little more genuine, “I wish. But, no,” She sucks in a breath, “I
think we need to rethink how we’re dealing with Shido.”
Ren’s eyes narrow, and the levity leaves his face, “Yeah?”
“Niijima-san, the older one, that is,” Sumire starts, “You said she asked you to testify against
Shido, as the leader of the Phantom Thieves, right? And that thanks to Doctor Maruki it was
Goro that took your place.”
Some understanding creeps into Ren’s expression, “That’s right.”
“Well, that can’t happen, obviously.” Sumire blurts, “That’s not fair- to either of you.”
Ren bites at his lips, “Don’t I know it.” He mutters. He strides over to the moth-bitten couch,
and collapses onto it, patting the spot next to him. Sumire takes the offered seat.
“Goro said that the evidence he has on hand isn’t enough.” She continues, “That it’s the kind
of thing that could supplement a testimony, maybe, but not be enough on its own.”
All her words stumble to a stop, as she runs out of things to spill.

After a moment, Ren hums, and leans back. “…Niijima needed me or Akechi because we
know about the Metaverse, I think. For the testimony.”
Sumire picks at the skin around her fingers, “I didn’t realise they’d believe that in court.”
Ren shrugs, “Who knows if they would have? I didn’t get to the station, and Akechi said all
that happened to him was getting questioned before being released come new year’s.”
Sumire frowns, “So… maybe if we got someone else who knows about the Metaverse to
testify?”
“In a way that doesn’t implicate themselves?” Ren points out, “Or Akechi?”
“What if we didn’t care about them?” Sumire blurts, then grimaces, “Um, I mean, what if
they were a person who… also needs to kind of go to court.”
“Someone in on the conspiracy?” Ren concludes, “I guess… we’d have to change their heart,
or something. We could persuade them to not out Akechi while we’re at it, maybe.”
Sumire nods eagerly, “Yes! Something like that!”
Ren looks as accomplished as Sumire feels for a minute, before his eyes flick to the side in
thought, “But… we wouldn’t be able to do it too early.”
Sumire slumps, “Right… it would have to be after Shido’s change of heart, probably, or he’d
just, uh,” Murder whoever it is that is suddenly running to the media to confess their sins.
Ren grabs his chin in a familiar gesture, and Sumire almost smiles, “Not just that.” He adds,
“Even if Shido is down for the count, there are still a lot of people who stand to lose
something from one of their own testifying. We have to worry about the entire conspiracy.”
“Everyone?” Sumire clarifies, feeling a bit overwhelmed, “…Not just the people on top?”
“Maybe just the people on top.” Ren amends, “The people who would have the knowledge to
notice something is wrong, and the power to do something about it.”
“So, what?” Sumire readjusts her glasses nervously, “We have to change all their hearts?
How many of them even are there?”
This is starting to look like a far bigger task than Sumire bargained for.
“At least five.” Ren digs his palms into his eyes, stretching out his legs, “Give or take. Six,
probably, if we also need to nab someone who has more specific knowledge on cognitive
psience. Shido probably still has at least one researcher lying around that he hasn’t killed.”
Sumire laughs, half-hearted, “Hopefully.”
Ren puffs out his cheeks, and mutters, “Names, names, we need names. And time. Shit.”

“How long do you think it would take to track all the people we need in Mementos?” Sumire
asks cautiously.
“They might not be in Mementos.” Ren points out, “Some of them might be, but even more
of them might have palaces.”
“Shoot…” Sumire mumbles, “So, that’s-”
“If we’re lucky? A day run of six Mementos targets.” Ren finishes, “If we’re unlucky, and we
usually are, that’s six palaces. Plus Shido.”
Six palaces. Seven. Sumire hopes to anything that it’s less, but potentially six palaces that
they need to clear in a narrow window after they deal with Shido, but before the Metaverse
disappears entirely.
She swallows, “Can we secure the routes beforehand?”
“Before Shido?” Ren tilts his head, “I guess… yeah. Yeah, that’s- something.” He leans
forward, “We need names, obviously. I know some, thanks to Shido’s palace last time. We
can check which ones have palaces, and do them… I guess while we’re waiting for Makoto
with Sae?”
“That could be a day from now.” Sumire points out with a weak laugh.
Ren returns it, weary grin directed at the wall, “We’ll stick to last timeline’s schedule, then.
Our deadline for Shido is just before the election, so we have…about a month and a half.”
That’s…
Tight. No time, and all the time in the world simultaneously. Sumire thinks they could clear a
palace in a day if they really put their minds to it, but that’s working under the assumption
that each palace is easy, and that no cognitive roadblocks present themselves.
If history has anything to show for it, it’s that roadblocks will certainly present themselves.
“…Names.” Sumire eventually says, “Let’s get those first.”
Ren huffs a laugh, “So we’re doing this?”
“Of course.” Sumire smiles, genuine, “Would you rather go to jail?”
“No,” Ren says tiredly, “No, I really wouldn’t.”

Chapter End Notes

there are now... three cognitive Akechis in this fic. someone stage an intervention before
i add a fourth /j

also i have forgotten to point it out two(?) chapters in a row, but this fic is now over
400k words. how did this happen send helpalso, belatedly, hello! It's been two weeks! i want it on record that i *didn't* almost
forget to prepare this chapter, but i didn't remember it immeditately upon waking up on
wednesday morning. I pray to the ao3 gods that i don't actually forget some day. or get
hit by various cosmic disasters. i hear that's a problem for writers on this website
ALSO WAIT I JUST REALISED this chapter is going to be uploaded on October 3rd.
the infamous "whoops shuake get divorced over the span of 20k words" day. Hilarious. I
mean, it'll still be the 2nd for a solid chunk of you but i think the stars aligned with that
one
Socials! come say hello, if you wish
Tumblr, Instagram, Cara
Confidants! Makoto getting a rank up two chapters in a row? is it the end of days, or
something?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 5
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 6
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Makoto, sometimes the grass looks greener on the other side.
Makoto: [sarcastically] Oh, is that so?
Akechi: Yeah. If you're a dumbass that falls for optical illusions. Have you ever thought
about getting over yourselfMakoto: I'll kill you

Chapter 69
Chapter Summary

A ship, a customary change of plans, and a casino.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It is unrealistic, to wish to be free from other’s perceptions of oneself.
Isolation and humanity simply don’t mix. Nor is it feasibly possible to be scrubbed from
minds on which you have already made an impression. It could be argued that the solution is
simply never making an impression at all, but, well,
It’s far too late for that, Akechi thinks.
If the version of him that toils idly on a cruiser that splits a bloody sea is downright insulting,
then the echo of him that gambles in gaudy lounges, odds stacked against him in favour of
the house, isAn enigma, and nothing more. There’s simply nothing to go on, if Akechi wishes to construct
an accurate picture of how Sae truly feels about him.
A cognition of a cognition. It’s funny, really. Hilarious.
If Akechi ends up forming a bond with that one, too, he’s holding Makoto solely responsible.
He gets the feeling that might not be a problem, as the Tower, ever unsteady, sways this way
and that in its unbalance, as if in laughter. He can never be sure what that thing finds
amusement in, but he certainly doesn’t appreciate it.
Slipping away from Ann’s sights isn’t particularly difficult. It’s tradition by now to take an
evening walk. She honestly might have been more suspicious if Akechi abstained a night.
Her narrowed eyes and pursed lips tell Akechi that this is not the case. Alas, there isn’t much
she can do.
He doesn’t have much of a destination in mind. It’s refreshing, to take a walk with the
express purpose of actually clearing his head, rather than marching towards the red-tinted
reflection of the courthouse.
Getting lost in his head leads him to the Diet Building instead.

Of course.
Where else?
He internally prods at the Tower, wondering again if these things have some kind of
subconscious influence on him. How infuriating, that his most annoying bond is the one
immune to traditional death.
He may as well stop by.
(It’s stupid- it’s always stupid, saying hello to that thing.
Shido’s ship is a deathtrap, and his cognition is the blade there to sever his neck. A blade that
once succeeded, Akechi is loath to remind himself, tapping idly at his throat in lieu of
memory of where the bullet hit.
He doesn’t know why he makes these excuses to drop by- god forbid that the true reason is
something as simple as curiosity. He has his answers.
So why does he keep coming back?
The bricklaying isn’t complete, the foundations unsteady.
Always more work to be done.)
He shifts- barely to the left. Shido’s distortion is so large that Akechi wonders if he even
really needs the Nav, or if he could just stumble and find himself in a red sea beneath a
permanent sunset.
But, today, he finds himself on the deck.
“You’re back.”
Akechi turns, and sees the cognition leaning against the railing, hair and blazer entirely
soaked through, dripping seawater against the ground.
Ah. A change.
“I’m back.” Akechi agrees.
He supposes the state of the cognition isn’t all that surprising. Akechi is a proper traitor to
Shido’s cause now, after all. There’s no reason to tolerate his presence as a pseudo-guest on
the ship any longer.
He wonders if the cognition resents him.
“Here to kill me again?” It smiles, “Or maybe I’ll get you, this time.”
Akechi tilts his head, and sneers, “Have you turned this into a game?”
The cognition shrugs, “What else is there to do?”

“Did they throw you overboard?” Akechi doesn’t deign it with a response.
The cognition rolls its eyes, “What does it look like? No, I just decided to go for a swim
instead,” It mocks, “Very refreshing. You should try it.”
“I’ll pass.” Akechi drawls.
“Your loss.” Is the airy response.
Akechi snorts, and turns towards the double doors leading to the lobby of the cruiser,
narrowing his eyes, “I wonder.” He starts, “How do you feel about the captain, these days?”
The cognition gives him a blank stare. “Well. Aren’t you hopeful?”
Akechi turns to glare at it, “Excuse me?”
“I see what you’re asking.” It continues, “You want to know if the captain still sees you as his
unfailing puppet, no? How I feel is an exact reflection of whether the captain truly respects
you or not. Supposedly.” It tacks on.
Akechi scoffs, “Of course not.”
“You want to know if you’re free.”
“I don’t.” Akechi spits, “I hardly care what that man thinks of me anymore, and the feeling is
clearly mutual.”
“So you admit that you did care?” The cognition asks, unassuming smile in place.
“Are you done?” Akechi snarls, “What are you getting out of being a nuisance?”
The cognition shrugs, “Call it curiosity.”
And, well, isn’t that hilarious. “Find something better to do.”
The cognition gestures, bemused, towards the rest of the ship, and towards itself, “I’m not
entirely sure if you’ve noticed, but setting foot back inside is a surefire way to find myself
thrown over the edge again. I guess the cleaner is only paid to -ha- clean interiors.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “So you’ve decided that your only alternative is to bother me, is that
it?”
“You’re the one that came here.” The cognition points out, “From my perspective, you’re
bothering me.”
“Aren’t you satisfying your curiosity?” Akechi levels another glare in its direction, “I could
just leave. Leave you to your boredom.”
The cognition tilts its head, “Then why aren’t you?”

A better question would be why Akechi came here to begin with, but that’s not something
he’s ever been able to answer.
Akechi folds his arms, “You’re never quite what I expect you to be.” He observes.
The cognition raises an eyebrow at the change in topic, “Is that so?”
“Mm.”
“In what way?”
Akechi huffs, “It’s hard to describe.” He says, truthfully.
To describe, would be to recall a gun, and the smell of iron, of blood, of steam, and desperate
voices and a siren and“To be honest,” The cognition slices through his thoughts, “I’m never quite what I expect to
be, either.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Aren’t you supposed to be one note?”
The cognition snorts, “Supposedly. I was, I believe. I had a role, a purpose, an end point.” It
levels a pointed look at Akechi, “I suppose I only have you to blame for the rug being pulled
from under me.”
“You’re welcome.” Akechi intones dryly.
The cognition laughs, “It’s funny; you are, by design, the bane of my existence. Everything
you do has unintended consequences forced onto my psyche- the way I think, and act, and
even talk.” It spits, “And yet, the thought of trying to kill you unprompted isn’t as appealing
anymore, because of you, if only because I’m no longer inclined to do such a gracious favour
for the captain.”
Akechi stares, considering, “…Does that make you free?”
“Of course not.” The cognition says simply, “I’m tied here so tightly that even throwing me
overboard can’t get rid of me.”
A moth to a flame, or a stone to the bottom of the ocean floor. Akechi thinks how he keeps
returning here with no rhyme or reason, and grits his teeth.
“Maybe that’s your fault too, though.” The cognition continues airily. “Being tied between
two points is awfully novel.”
Akechi furrows his brow, “What do you mean?”
“This.” The cognition sighs, and Akechi feels the Tower in his chest strum dissonantly, “I’ve
no idea what it is, but it is connected to you, yes?”
That’s new.

Akechi knows that shadows can feel the arcana. His short encounter with Sae in Mementos
months ago revealed that. Beings such as José, or the twins, can feel them too; even beyond
their own designation.
Cognitions, Akechi reasons, are made of the Metaverse. It isn’t entirely absurd to think that
they could feel these threads too.
Except it is absurd, because the thing before him isn’t real. Just an ever-changing jumble of
perceptions and unwanted opinions. It’s barely any different from a wall, and it seems as
though becoming aware of the arcana is a new development(Can a wall, if scrubbed clean, hide a mirror beneath?)
“I think the captain knows what it is.” The cognition mutters, “Has one of his own. Not that
he ever told me anything- and he certainly won’t now.”
“Right.” Akechi murmurs, barely listening, trying to make sense of it all.
It’s tied to fate, no? Robin supplies, If the bond becomes stronger-IT STRETCHES ON ALL SIDES. Loki continues, UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHTSOMETIMES IT ISN’T FIGURATIVE AT ALL.
How helpful.
The cognition is giving him an odd look.
“What?” Akechi snaps.
“I can…” It mumbles, “You’re talking to them, aren’t you?”
A thread of panic lances through Akechi’s chest, “You-”
“I don’t know what they’re like.” The cognition says in a rush, speaking over him, “I only
know that I have them, since the captain knows it.”
“Another curiosity of yours?” Akechi asks warily.
The cognition smiles a TV smile, more slanted than ever, “Indulge me. I’m you, so it stands
to reason that they’re just as much mine as yours.”
“You’re still on that?” Akechi hisses, “I would have assumed that you were riling me up for
Shido’s sake. What happened to not doing favours for him?”
The cognition chuckles, “I thought I’d say it for old times’ sake.”
Something about the words ring false. Akechi doesn’t care to push.
“Whatever.” He mutters, and decides playing along is harmless, “Loki.”

Loki dutifully unfurls, Akechi’s mask burning away. The cognition’s eyes widen in
something that might be wonder, before it tilts its head, and frowns.
“You have two, right?” It asks.
More, technically, but Akechi internally concedes that the Atropos and Lilim that have made
themselves at home within his soul are hardly him in the same way Robin and Loki are. “You
want to see him?”
The cognition nods, eyes narrowed in- something.
“Robin Hood,” Akechi calls, guarded, aware of the shortcomings of his less-experienced
persona.
The cognition’s eyes narrow even further as Robin stands to his full height, taking in the bow
and cape.
“It’s…” The cognition mumbles, “Not quite right.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“Neither of them are- full.” The cognition explains haltingly, “They’re not me.”
“Of course they’re not.” Akechi says, unexpected relief spreading in his chest, “They’re me.”
“Are they?”
Akechi sneers, “That’s enough, isn’t it? You got to look.”
The cognition’s frown doesn’t abate, looking almost confused.
(If you were not a wildcard, Akechi remembers Justine’s voice, unbidden, then your
awakening likely would have killed you.
And yet, he is a wildcard.
His soul is volatile, fractured, half-shattered- whatever. All he needs is balance, and he has it.
Robin and Loki bicker as they always have, but they are his to control.
There’s nothing else to find, is there?)
This cognition has no idea what it’s talking about.
“I think that’s enough for today.” Akechi declares, turning on his heel, “Enjoy your
boredom.”
The frustrated expression on the cognition vanishes, melting into that amused neutrality it’s
so fond of, “Sure.”
Akechi takes out his phone, calling Robin back, typing in Mementos.

“Come back soon.” The cognition calls as the world warps, and the Tower reaches its seventh
rank.
***
Ann swings her legs back and forth, sitting on one of the more unsteady chairs on the roof.
Ryuji squats on the floor, as Haru crouches closer to the planters, frowning idly at the soil
within them.
“Ann-chan.” Haru speaks up, “How is Goro-kun settling into your apartment?”
“He’s great!” Ann says, genuine. “He cleans way more than I do.”
“You don’t clean at all, though?” Ryuji chimes in.
Ann kicks him, “I clean! I’d be living in a pigsty if I didn’t. Akechi-kun just cleans even
more.”
“He’s ‘prolly bored.” Ryuji points out.
Haru giggles, “It sounds like everything is alright, then.”
“Sure is!” Ann says, maybe a bit too loud.
Because, quite frankly, she isn’t sure if everything is alright. Akechi himself is- fine. It’s nice,
even, having him around. Any lingering fear Ann had of him kind of disappeared when she
saw his abysmal attempts at boiling water to make instant noodles.
But, he still does that thing where he up and vanishes for hours at a time. Ann is sure it’s fine.
It’s definitely fine! It’s not like Akechi comes back covered in blood and guts- though maybe
he just cleans up the blood and guts before she gets the chance to see“I wonder what’s happening with Niijima-san?” Haru muses aloud, a small frown on her lips,
“I know it must be hard for Makoto-san to confront her own sister, but it’s been a few
days…”
“Oh, yeah.” Ryuji puffs out his cheeks, “I don’t wanna push her or anythin’, but, uh, we’re
kinda on a time crunch, ain’t we?”
“Yeah…” Ann hums, still distracted.
There are always too many things to keep track of.
Maybe she’s overreacting. Akechi says that he’s going for walks to clear his head. Ann can’t
judge- he definitely looks like he needs it. He came back home looking especially tired
yesterday, though, and passed out before having dinner, which was a little worrying, but
Ann’s not, like, his mom,
Maybe she’ll just… push a little harder? She thinks she can say that she and Akechi are
actually friends, now, even if that only seems to amount to vague chatter over dinner rather

than deep emotional conversations that she wouldn’t mind having, really.
There has to be something she can do while they still have the time, if only to ease her own
conscience.
***
The last few weeks have been a blow to Makoto’s pride.
Everything, from the lead up, to the misunderstandings, to the need to wait, to being forced to
work with Akechi of all people, all compounds to- this. she wishes she could catch a break.
And it is a matter of force, with regard to her most recent issue. She hardly wants to work
with Akechi, and she’s sure Akechi doesn’t want to work with her, either.
But she’s not an idiot. Exploring her sister’s palace on her own, with her current skill and
lack of navigational abilities, is practically suicide. Akechi is her only ticket to getting
something done.
Which, given their… altercation, last they met, means that Makoto is once again in the
position of having to suck it up. A task far easier over text, she finds.
Queen: Meet again tonight at the usual spot.
Crow: Gotten over yourself, have you?
Makoto desperately wants to punch him.
Queen: Have you?
Crow: Have I ever?
At least he’s self-aware. Makoto might refrain from punching him.
Crow: That aside, enough that I’m sure we can coexist. I’ll be there.
She might just take out her frustrations on Akechi’s cognitive double. She thinks that Akechi
himself will be doing that already.
But- Good. Good, she hasn’t pissed Akechi off so horribly that she has to beg him to do her a
favour. By the sounds of it, he’s just going to be making unprompted jabs at her
intermittently. He does that anyway, so no skin off her back.
Making her way back to the courthouse and slipping into the casino is a practiced art, at this
point. Waiting is, too, and Makoto makes it a point not to fidget in anxiousness, ignoring the
indignant envy that bubbles up her throat at the sight of the palace.
She came here to know, to understand. She can’t run the second she doesn’t like what she
sees.

The thought doesn’t make this any easier.
Five minutes late, Akechi finally shows up.
“You’re here.” Makoto comments, trying to settle her emotions into something neutral and
detached.
“So I am.” Akechi says, dry as the desert, informing her that her efforts did not go unnoticed.
Damn.
“Uh…” A third, entirely unexpected, voice speaks.
Makoto and Akechi turn simultaneously to stare at Ann.
“Um.” Ann chokes out another stutter, looking thoroughly embarrassed, “…Hey?”
Damn, Makoto’s brain helpfully provides a second time.
She rounds on Akechi, “Did you bring her here?” She hisses.
Akechi is still staring at Ann, looking suitably baffled, “No.” His bewilderment morphs into
annoyance, “Did you follow me here?” He snarls.
Ann waves her hands placatingly, “No! No, of course not- Well.” She cuts herself off, and
laughs nervously.
“You got tailed.” Makoto snaps to Akechi.
Akechi turns his scowl on her, “What is this, an undercover stakeout?”
“Kind of!” Makoto grits out.
Akechi scoffs, dismissive, “I hardly expected to be followed in Mementos. I had expected,”
He smiles sweetly towards Ann, who grimaces, “That when I said I was going for a walk to
clear my head, that I would be granted privacy.”
Ann flails her arms in some frustrated gesture, “Well, you’ve been taking a walk every day!”
She protests, “I wasn’t, like, suspicious, I was just worried!”
Makoto frowns, “We didn’t come here yesterday.”
Akechi’s scowl returns in full force, “I actually did go for a walk, then.”
“Oh.” Ann tugs at her hair, laughing weakly, “But, still! I wasn’t wrong! You are up to
something!” She points between Akechi and Makoto, accusatory, “Is this Sae Niijima’s
palace-?”
“Yes.” Makoto cuts her off sharply, “Yes it is. Ann, just-” She takes a deep breath.
“Are you guys exploring this place on your own?” Ann bites her lip, eyeing the casino.

“We make a perfectly acceptable team.” Makoto says stiffly.
Ann’s eyebrows raise dubiously, “Do you?”
Akechi smiles tightly, “Perfectly acceptable, as she said.”
“Right…” Ann drawls out. “…And I’m guessing I’m not the only one out of the loop?”
“…No one else knows.” Makoto admits, fighting to not seem sheepish.
“Not even Ren?” Ann asks, eyes wide.
“If Ren knew,” Akechi says slowly, “Then he would insist on being here.” He huffs, and
raises an eyebrow towards Makoto, “Though it’s not like he doesn’t already know what’s in
here.”
“You said the cognition was new.” Makoto mutters. “And you don’t want him here, either.”
Akechi shrugs, conceding the point.
Ann fidgets, “Cool, right, yeah,” She mumbles nonsensically. After a moment, she claps her
hands together, “So, uh, are we going in?”
Akechi blinks at her. Makoto opens and closes her mouth, before settling on: “You aren’t
coming with us.”
Ann smiles that bright smile of hers, for some reason, “Of course I am!” She says cheerfully,
“The jig’s up, right? You may as well let me tag along.”
“No.” Akechi says simply.
“Come on,” Ann whines, “If you guys kick me out -for one, I can just come right back in,
this place is in my Nav now-” She says, and, shit, Makoto didn’t think of that, “And two, do
you know how stressed out I'll be if I just wander around at home, waiting for you to come
back? You guys could die! And it’d technically be my fault!”
“One of those reasons is significantly more compelling than the other.” Akechi grumbles.
Ann grins, “You do care!”
“No, idiot, you have us backed into a corner.” Akechi snaps.
Makoto sighs.
So much for choice.
“Just- fine.” She mutters, “You can come with us.” Ann brightens, and Makoto cuts her off,
“On the condition that you don’t tell anyone.”
“Or make yourself a nuisance.” Akechi adds.

“Or run off on your own.”
“And don’t loudly announce our plans to the empty air-”
“Alright, alright, I get it!” Ann shouts, folding her arms, “Just- let’s get going, okay! I
promise I’ll… adhere to your conditions, or whatever.”
“Good.” Makoto deflates. She draws herself back together, “Let’s get started.”
And so they do.
Makoto filters out Akechi’s clipped explanation of the progress they’ve already made to Ann.
Ann herself nods and makes understanding hums every so often, frown growing as Akechi
continues.
“There’s a cognition of you in here?” Ann clarifies, giving Akechi a sympathetic look.
“Yes.” Akechi says, sounding as irritated as Makoto feels. “Unfortunately, I don’t think we’ll
be able to avoid it.”
Makoto stops, and properly checks back into the conversation, “What do you mean?”
Akechi scowls, and folds his arms, “Remember what it said, last time? That it has its ways
with regard to bypassing the rigged nature of this place?”
Makoto’s shoulders slump, “So, in lieu of Oracle, we’re going to have to rely on him to be
our guide.”
Akechi nods, precise, “Yes.” He glares around at the doors concealing the dice games,
“Assuming we can find it, that is.”
“Hm…” Ann twirls her hair around a finger, and squints around the room, “Oh! Over there!”
Sure enough, Makoto catches a flash of shoulder-length brown hair ducking into one of the
game rooms. “We should follow him.” She decides, “He did say we were free to watch the
games.”
Akechi -the real one, that is- scowls, “Sure.”
Ann takes point as they quietly slip into the room, awkwardly filing in and crowding around
the cognition, who turns and smiles blandly at them.
“You’re back.” He comments, and gestures towards the table, and the shadow that acts as
gamemaster across from him, “Here to watch?”
“What else would we be doing?” Akechi snaps at his double.
“You could be here to play.” The cognition points out, “But by all means, stay a while.
Though, the dice are far less interesting than some of the more high-stakes games.”

“Oh! Like cards?” Ann asks excitedly.
The cognition looks bemused, “Yes, like cards.” He tilts his head, “You’re new.”
Ann blinks, “Oh- I guess that makes sense?” She mumbles to herself, “Since it’s not like
Niijima-san knows me-” She shakes her head, and holds out her hand, “I’m Ann! But you can
call me Panther, while we’re in here.”
“Panther.” The cognition repeats, and shakes her hand.
“What will your bet be?” The gamemaster shadow interrupts.
The cognition snaps back to attention, and chuckles lightly, “Let’s say… between twelve and
eighteen.”
Makoto narrows her eyes at the table and the cognition. Akechi has already explained at
length that this place is rigged to high hell, so how does this cognition intend to bypass that?
Some general trickery? Weighted dice? Simply a luck-based property of the cognition
himself?
At her side, the real Akechi frowns behind his mask, seemingly eyeing the scene with the
same level of concentration.
The shadow across from them nods, accepting the bet. “Very well. And your member’s
card?”
“Here.” The cognition lazily flicks a familiar red card across the table.
The shadow takes it, “One hundred coins per game.” It says, and slides the card back.
“I know.” The cognition sighs, sounding almost bored.
The shadow flicks a switch, and three dice burst out of a panel in the table, all jumping and
rolling before they come to a stop,
-on triple sixes.
Makoto frowns.
“Congratulations, sir.” The shadow says, sounding mildly surprised, “Six hundred coins is
your prize.”
“Yes, yes,” The cognition waves a hand dismissively, pushing himself off the chair and
striding to the door, “Thank you very much.”
Akechi scowls, and storms after the cognition, Makoto hot on his tail. Ann jumps, and trails
behind them.
“Care to explain the trick?” Akechi calls out, and the cognition turns with a small smile. “Or
do you just have exceptional luck?”

The cognition chuckles, “Why must it be one or the other?”
“You’re saying nonsense.” Makoto calls him out, “Help us, or don’t.”
The cognition shrugs, and delicately takes a seat on one of the lounges, “Can’t you figure it
out? You’re the manager’s sister, after all.”
“Oh.” Ann sighs, unenthused, “Is this like, a detective game or something?”
Makoto scowls at Akechi, “Did you only speak to my sister in riddles, or something?”
Akechi grimaces, “What else was I supposed to do? For our biggest case, I already knew who
the culprit was.”
Makoto supposes that’s a fair point, but still: “Oh, poor you.”
“Guys…” Ann whines, “C’mon, let’s just put our brains together!” She smiles sheepishly,
“Or, you two put your brains together. I don’t know what your sister’s like, Queen.”
Makoto sighs, “Well… It could just be that Sis sees you as above whatever thing she has in
her head about the justice system.” She nods to Akechi.
Akechi snorts, “Perhaps. But, if that were the case, It’d be far more fitting if I was her righthand-man, no? Or at least someone who sets the tables.”
“But you’re playing the games like everyone else…” Ann mumbles, tilting her head in
contemplation, “So, what then?”
“Would you like to watch another game?” The cognition chimes in, “Take all the time you
need to think. I need to progress as well.”
Makoto narrows her eyes at the phrasing, “Really? Well, we’ll watch, then.”
The cognition stands, and leads them to another room this time. The same scene plays out
again: bet, card, transaction, dice, prize. As much as Makoto watches, and squints for
anything, she finds nothing out of place.
“Maybe she really just does think you’re lucky.” Makoto posits, as they leave the room,
following behind the cognition.
Akechi shakes his head, “That’s what it looks like in here, sure. But luck is far less applicable
to our actual occupation in reality, especially when the game is rigged.” He hums in thought,
“Perhaps… she thinks I’m cheating, somehow.”
“At your job?” Makoto asks, incredulous.
“Technically,” Akechi says lightly, “I am. But Sae-san doesn’t know that. She barely knows
anything at all. My double’s demeanour may be a reflection of that: She knows I’m winning,
but she doesn’t know how.”

“Just that the fact that it’s rigged isn’t stopping you.” Ann concludes, “And you’re not behind
the tables because she doesn’t know your…” She grimaces, “Deal.”
“Yes.” Akechi intones, dry, “That.”
“Don’t palaces usually have a little more internal logic, though?” Makoto points out, glaring
at the cognition that gives her a cheerful wave. Is her sister under the impression that Akechi
is anything close to friendly with her? That might be Makoto’s own fault, now that she thinks
about it, having implied it when she was prying about Akechi’s past. Or, no, the cognition
looks a little too smug“Okumura’s didn’t.” Akechi’s bland comment interrupts her thoughts.
“Okumura was kinda… going off the deep end, though.” Ann points out, laughing
awkwardly.
“Exactly.” Makoto nods, “My sister is… deluded, maybe, and disillusioned, but your
cognitive version may have a little more idea for how he’s getting around the rigged games.”
Akechi pauses to consider this, “…Or, it’ll invent one once we press it for more answers.” He
shrugs, “Which, same difference.”
Ann makes a face, “You mean threaten him, right? Is that even going to work?”
Makoto gives the cognition a second look, and, oh, that smile is definitely shit-eating, “I
doubt it.”
Akechi sighs, “Fair point.”
Makoto looks between the two of them, and pulls the membership card in her name from her
pocket. “Um, Akechi-kun?”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and the cognition perks up.
“Um.” Great. “You,” She points to the cognition, “How many coins do you have on your
card?”
“About six thousand, I believe?” The cognition answers promptly.
Makoto pastes on what she hopes is an endearing smile, “Would you be willing to… help us
progress? If you’re already on your way up, it won’t be out of your way.”
The cognition hums, “That’s true.” He places a hand on his chin in a familiar gesture, “Well,”
He smiles, and Makoto’s stomach sinks, “You can certainly watch.”
“You’re not gonna help us at all?” Ann whines.
“That is my name you’re betting on, you know.” Akechi adds icily.
The cognition shrugs, unrepentant.

Makoto bites her lip, turning to Ann and Akechi, and then back again, “…We’ll follow you
through the dice, at least.” She decides, “How long will you be staying here before you move
on?”
“You need fifty thousand coins to progress.” The cognition recites, “I could simply leave
once I have the required amount, but,” He smiles, “You’re all quite interesting, you know? I
can stick around, if you’d like.”
Makoto nods warily, “…We’d appreciate that.”
“Of course.” The cognition chirps, “Come on, then. The coins won’t win themselves.”
“From a certain perspective…” Makoto hears Akechi mutter behind her, and she has to agree.
“So,” Ann speaks up as they watch the cognition begin another game, “We’re stuck then,
right?”
“We could find another way to overcome Sae-san’s final challenge.” Akechi mutters, “…But
my initial scheme is the most effective one I can think of.”
“You said we needed two cards, right?” Ann chimes.
“Yes.” Akechi confirms, and tilts his head thoughtfully.
“Panther?” Makoto speaks up, guessing the thread that Akechi has latched onto, “Do you
think you could quickly register a card of your own?”
“Oh, right!” Ann smiles, “Well, that’s one problem out of the way. I’ll be right back.”
“Wait.” Akechi says sharply, “Put it under a fake name.”
Ann blinks, but nods anyway, “Sure.”
Makoto hums slightly as Ann dashes out of the room, and narrows her eyes as another row of
triple sixes miraculously manifest themselves on the table, “You think your double is like this
because my sister doesn’t know how you’re winning, right?” She turns her head slightly
towards Akechi.
He furrows his brow, “Yes?”
“What if we forced her to think of a reason?”
“So we could use the same method?” Akechi frowns, “I thought we agreed that using force
against my doppelgänger here was unlikely to work?”
“I mean in the real world.” Makoto hastens to explain herself.
Akechi’s frown deepens, “That would be risky.”
“I know.”

“You’d really go so far-”
“Yes.” Makoto snaps, “And it’s fine. Now is hardly a suspicious time to ask about you, right?
You’ve just been announced dead, after all.”
“Got it!” Ann announces suddenly as she slides back into the room, holding a membership
card, “A card for one Yuko Suzui, at the ready.”
“That’s the best you could come up with?” Makoto mumbles.
“Hey! It’s not like I had a name generator on me-” Ann pauses, as she must notice the
atmosphere in the room, “Uh, so, what’s happening?”
“Queen here thinks she can alter her sister’s cognition.” Akechi explains blandly.
“Oh…” Ann looks a little nervous, “Uh-”
“I can do it.” Makoto insists, “Trust me. Or,” She corrects, “I’ll try.”
Ann gives her a tentative smile, as Akechi clicks his tongue and waves a hand.
Go for it, their eyes say.
She can do this.
***
Futaba feels like her eyes have been wrung out like a dish rag. Turns out, staring at screens
for hours on end, barely blinking, has some shitty side effects. Who’d have thought!
She swears she used to have better stamina than this. She must be going outside too much.
Ugh.
On the desk, Morgana yawns, “Are you done yet?”
“You don’t even know what I’m doing.” Futaba mumbles in response.
“Because you won’t tell me!” Morgana yowls, “And that just makes sitting here even more
boring!”
Futaba sticks out her tongue, and gets back to work, thankful that her lines of code are
incomprehensible to those not in the know.
She doesn’t have to be doing this, technically. In fact, she’s pretty sure that it’s nothing more
than a time sink, having already hit every dead end feasible at least a year ago. And she’s
already got a deal with Akechi to start cracking on this exact problem.
But kicking Shido’s ass could be months away. Just one or two, most likely, but still. Being
reminded that her mom’s research is out there somewhere makes it unbearable to just sit
around, twiddling her thumbs.

Not like she’s found anything, though.
She’s even tried poking at a new avenue that’s relatively unexplored. That is, immediately
betraying the trust of her tentative ally to poke through his records again and see if there’s
any connections to her mom. She didn’t find anything before, but, hey! She only looked once.
…Predictably, she’s come up with nothing. It’s like being time gated, or plot blocked.
Annoying is what it really is. She’d complain to Mona, but there’s a fine line between doing
sneaky hacker things on the down low and loudly yapping to all her friends about her and
Akechi’s plans.
Not that there’s much of a plan to begin with. She doesn’t even think Akechi would care all
that much if everyone knew the two of them intend to go research-hunting, but Futaba figures
that spilling all the implications that come with their deal wouldn’t win her any gold stars.
This would be so much easier if Akechi just sucked it up and told her stuff“What did the screen do to you?” Morgana questions suspiciously, “You look like you want
to smack it.”
“I wanna smack something.” Futaba grumbles. Alas, noodle arms.
Morgana groans, “Can’t you tell me anything?”
Futaba waves a hand, “I’m doing cool stuff.”
“Didn’t know you had it in you.” Morgana mutters.
“Hey!” Futaba yelps, “Bad kitty! That sounded like an Akechi insult! You’ve been spending
too much time with him.”
Morgana’s fur fluffs up, “I barely talk to him! He doesn’t own sass!”
“Eh, fair enough.” Futaba concedes, “I guess Ren probably got to you first with that,
anyway.”
Morgana snorts and curls up into a loaf, before suddenly jumping back up, “Don’t try to
distract me! Answer my question!”
Futaba groans, “It’s super boring, trust me!” Only kind of a lie, “I’m just doing some
research. For a personal project,” She quickly adds, “Not related to the thieves at all. Super
unhelpful.”
Morgana gives her a look.
“Don’t worry about it!” Futaba insists. She’s sure she’s not that bad at lying. She’s better than
Ann at least. She hopes.

Morgana rolls his eyes, and finally gives it up. Futaba takes that as her cue to spend some
more time letting her eyes shrivel into raisins thanks to the light from her monitors. Maybe
she should get better ones, actually.
She slaps her cheeks. Now isn’t the time to get distracted. Morgana gives her a look that she
steadfastly ignores.
Trying to poke through Akechi’s records again is looking to be a bust. Even now that she
half-knows the gaps she’s supposed to be filling, doesn’t mean she can find what’s there. It’s
filling a hole with plaster and expecting it to look like brick.
Cross referencing what she has with everything else she’s patched together in a timeline of
events gets her nowhere, either. It’s not like all her mom’s research is gone, just the stuff
that’s important, all leading to a cut-off point of four years ago.
(Interestingly, Futaba notes, that’s around the time that the development of the lab in Odaiba
was cancelled, changing tracks to become a stadium. She had looked it up after finding out
what Maruki’s deal was, and she’s not one to ignore a coincidence like that.
But the coincidence also doesn’t tell her anything, beyond what vague speculation she can
muster. Shido has a chokehold on cognitive psience research- gee, who could have guessed!)
The parts of her mom’s research that are still around are, interesting, sure, but not particularly
in-depth. Or accurate.
The stuff that Futaba knew about the Metaverse prior to actually going there is the kind of
thing that she sneakily read off her mom’s computer before the documents got tossed into the
void. The papers she can find online and in archives are all highly theoretical. All speculation
and, frankly, nonsense, that her mom must have dreamed up in her frantic search for the way
cognition shapes reality.
She can make some guesses as to how her mom’s ideas started getting decidedly more
accurate.
Futaba glares at the screen a little harder.
If there’s nothing here, she’ll just have to wait.
She scowls. She’s never really been known for her patience.

Chapter End Notes

What would the trio of Akechi, Makoto, and Ann be called? The three of them all
together don't really have one defining characteristic... hm... i'll think on it

so!! holy shit!! thank you all very very much for the 3000 kudos! it really means a lot
that so many people are enjoying this fic. + a blanket thank you for all the comments,
bookmarks, people who slide into my tumblr asks, the works! it always makes my day
<3 <3 <3
also, uh- i didn't exactly do this with 3000 kudos in mind, but i'm going to retroactively
say i did; some more art! by me! of the black mask trio! not of anything specific that
happens in this fic, but, nonetheless: find it here!
Socials! come say hey, if that is your prerogative
Tumblr, Instagram, Cara
Confidants! Just the Tower, this time... amazingly, it didn't end with violence
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 5
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ann: I should trust Akechi. I mean, we're teammates now, and he's also sort of my
friend, andAkechi: [immediately does things he shouldn't]
Ann:
Ann: I should trust Akechi-

Chapter 70
Chapter Summary

Pulling some strings.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“I’ve got some notes.” Ren says with no preamble as Sumire walks into Leblanc’s attic,
Morgana off who knows elsewhere.
“Oh- that’s good!” She replies with an eager nod, “I, um, didn’t really find anything, to be
honest.”
Having a plan, even just an outline of a plan, that well and truly erases the threat that the
conspiracy has over their heads is more liberating than Sumire had thought it would be. The
compression of dread that had been squeezing her ribs for so long has finally loosened, if
only a little bit.
It would loosen a fair bit more, she thinks, if she were in any position to provide anything
other than moral support.
“That’s fine.” Ren waves a hand, looking up from what looks like a journal, “I couldn’t find
much either- I’m just going off what I remember from Shido’s palace last time.”
“Right…” Sumire presses her lips together, and takes a seat on the couch, “How many names
is that?”
“Two.” Ren frowns. “It wasn’t hard to look up one of them; Masaki Ooe- he’s a politician. I
knew his family name, and luckily he’s the only politician that’s got it. The only important
one, I mean.” He corrects, “I double checked. He’s been a supporter of Shido for years.”
“Sounds like it’s him, then.” Sumire says, “Who else?”
“I had to do a bit more digging for this one,” Ren starts, “Eito Fujimoto. He’s a TV station
president.”
Sumire blinks, “Oh.” She swallows, “I guess that… makes sense.”
Ren shakes his head, “I don’t think he’s got anything to do with your dad, if that’s what
you’re worried about. Your dad’s just a director, right? If he’s involved in the conspiracy in
any way, he probably wouldn’t even be aware of it.”

That’s not as reassuring as Ren likely thinks it is, but Sumire relaxes slightly nonetheless,
laughing with a tinge of embarrassment, “Yeah, that makes sense. It did cross my mind.” She
admits.
Ren huffs a small laugh, “Well, anyway, finding this guy was a bit annoying. The cognition
of him in Shido’s palace told us that he was responsible for broadcasting Okumura’s death,
last time. It would make sense if the same is true for the psychotic breakdown this time
around too, so I just had to check which station it was aired on and poke around from there.”
Sumire hums, a little impressed; even if all she has to compare it to is her measly zero names.
“It’s a start.” She declares.
“It’s a start.” Ren echoes. “Shido’s palace has five VIP’s that are all the top brass of the
conspiracy. I assume.” He adds with a grimace, “But we never got all their names. Only Ooe,
actually. There’s some noble guy, and all I know about him is that he’s a perverted asshole.
There’s an IT company president, too, which could be anyone. And some guy from the
Yakuza.”
Sumire gives a dry laugh in understanding. She doubts that’s something they can just look up.
“Do the people we know have palaces?” She asks.
Ren’s expression darkens, “Ooe does. I haven’t figured out the keywords, though.”
Sumire sucks in a breath, “That’s… well, at least it’s only one of them?”
Ren snorts, “If we’re lucky, he’s the only one.”
Sumire doesn’t think they’re very lucky.
Except“Shouldn’t we ask Goro about all this?” Sumire says, suddenly realising that they may be
making this far more difficult than it has to be.
Ren makes a face.
Sumire raises an eyebrow.
“I mean- yeah.” Ren says quickly, “But-” He cuts himself off.
“…That bad?” Sumire posits tentatively. She knows Goro definitely wasn’t in a great mood
after the last time he spoke with Ren.
Ren shakes his head, “No- well.” He laughs uncomfortably, “Yes, it’s just-”
Sumire waits, eyebrow raising even higher.
“I’ll tell him.” Ren decides.

“I can-”
“I want to do it.” Ren interrupts her, “It’s not like we were ever going to be able to do all this
on our own anyway, so,” He shrugs.
Sumire nods slowly, “Sounds like a plan, then.”
(Something catches at her thoughts, a small ring of an alarm.
Having anywhere between one and who knows palaces to clear will be time consuming.
They’re lucky that they don’t have to deal with the elder Niijima’s palace, but they still only
have two months at best- including the time required to infiltrate Shido’s palace.
So where does that leave Maruki?
Nowhere at all, Sumire thinks.
Must they all wait, again?)
Ren frowns at his journal, “Let’s hope we can pull this off.”
Sumire certainly hopes so, too.
***
Makoto will always be the first to admit that she finds Akechi infuriating.
She does, however, find him marginally less infuriating than the version of him that her
sister’s mind has cooked up. The real Akechi, to his credit, is far less inclined to speak in
riddles and backhanded insults now that there’s no longer much need for such things.
The truth and all its consequences are spread on the table for all to see. Makoto is grateful,
somewhat, even if it mostly means that riddles become blunt demands and backhanded
insults turn into regular insults.
Thinking on it, she isn’t quite sure if it’s really a set of truths as it is a simple change in
perspective. But she supposes that from where she’s standing, there really isn’t that much of a
difference.
A sentiment that makes the task of somehow shifting her sister’s perception of Akechi all the
more daunting. At the very least, Sae is actually home for once.
As Makoto idly pokes at the stir fry sizzling in the pan, she ponders how to start.
(She can do this.)
“Hey, sis?” Makoto calls towards the living room, not as smoothly as she would have liked,
“How’s work?”
There’s something that might be a scoff, “Just fine.”

Even if Makoto weren’t in the know, she would have raised an eyebrow. “…Really?”
There’s a sigh, and the sound of footsteps, as Sae marches over to lean against the kitchen
counter. “What are you actually asking, Makoto?” She accuses, voice tight.
“I’m just curious.” Makoto says, aiming for innocent, “…I know a lot’s happened.”
Take the bait, come on,
Sae looks down, “If you’re referring to him, then yes. A lot has happened.”
Makoto has to bite her lip to stop her smile, “Have they found anything out?”
Sae snorts, “If they had found anything out, you’d know about it.”
Fair point. “How are you dealing with it, sis?” Makoto asks quietly.
“Is that what this is really about?” Sae rolls her eyes, “I’m fine. I’m hardly made of glass. I’m
not even-”
She pauses. Makoto waits.
“Do you know I got angry with him, last time we spoke?” Sae grits out. “We hadn’t been
getting along much at all, lately.”
Akechi did mention that at one point, Makoto thinks. “How come?” She pushes.
Sae’s face twists into something pained, “We often disagreed on how to go about our
respective jobs.”
Keep it on track. “Aren’t your jobs pretty different, though?”
“It was about investigation, usually.” Sae explains, “He frowned upon my more aggressive
tactics.” She scoffs, “Like he’s any better.”
Makoto frowns, “What do you mean?”
“He got results somehow. ” Sae waves a dismissive hand, “I never really saw him out in the
field, but I doubt criminals would be tripping over themselves to bow at his feet like his
fangirls.”
In a way, Makoto knows that Sae isn’t entirely wrong. Just not in the way she expects.
But, more importantly,
There’s something.
Makoto, admittedly, doesn’t have much in the way of experience regarding changing
someone’s cognition from the outside. And still, even if she had been around for Madarame’s
palace, where she hears the then-thieves had to jump through a few hoops to open a door, it’s

hardly the same. Key A opens Door B is far simpler than influencing someone’s perception
of a person.
Follow the thread. With any luck, Sae will do most of the work for her.
“You think Akechi-kun was aggressive in investigations, then?” Keep the wording specific,
maybe it’ll stick.
Sae’s lips twitch into a grimace, “I suppose…” She huffs, “Hard to say. I didn’t take him for a
hypocrite.”
You mustn’t have known him very well, then, some uncharitable part of Makoto hisses. She
pushes it down. Later.
“He even defended the Phantom Thieves, you know.” Sae spits out, “The last time I saw him.
Maybe defend is the wrong word, but he didn’t think Okumura was their fault.” She presses
her lips together, “Look where that got him.”
Maybe it’s time to be more direct.
“Why do you think they targeted him?” Makoto blurts.
Sae seems taken aback, “Well-” She starts, “He’s one of the lead investigators on the caseboth for the Phantom Thieves, as well as the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns.
Not like that meant much, for either of us.” She tacks on, and recites, “He’s been very vocally
against them from the start.”
“Is that really it, though?” Makoto pushes, “Why him, and not anyone else?”
“He was the face of it all, for quite a few months.” Sae says with narrowed eyes, “What other
reason would-”
“I mean,” Makoto fishes for something, “You said he was good at what he did. What if he
was close to finding something?”
“Then he would have brought it up.” Sae dismisses.
“Would he have?”
Sae pauses at that, lips pulling into a scowl, “…No.” She eventually decides, “No, he would
have kept something like that to himself, wouldn’t he?”
Makoto doesn’t dare interject.
Sae laughs, some blend of anger and misery, “That sneaky little- Of course.” She pushes off
the counter, “I have to go to work.”
Makoto blinks, and looks down at the stir fry, “But- wait, Sis-”
“Not now, Makoto,” Sae calls, hurriedly grabbing her things, “This is- I have to go.”

Makoto doesn’t get another word in before the door slams shut.
Ha.
How’s that for results? She thinks viciously, and prepares to eat dinner alone.
***
Akechi allows himself to be moderately impressed when Makoto calls for another meeting
only two days after they hit their first roadblock.
There’s a certain terseness to her text. Akechi wonders if she, like him, is lamenting the fact
that Ann has suddenly become a mandatory part to their exploration, given her possession of
their required second card.
He wonders, idly, if he can steal whatever form it’s taken in the real world and sneak off.
No such luck, as Ann cheerily claps her hands together as Akechi stands to leave.
“Are we going?” She asks with a bright smile.
“Yes.” Akechi confirms begrudgingly.
“Great!” Ann’s smile widens even further, somehow, “I was super stressed out all of
yesterday. I’m glad we’re getting back to it so quickly.”
Akechi is also glad, somewhat; though the feeling is largely drowned by the irritation of
having to stare down his own face once again. He supposes he should count his blessingsSae’s version of him is distinctly less murderous than Shido’s.
(Though, even that doesn’t seem to hold up these days-)
“Well, let’s go!” Ann interrupts his thoughts, springing to her feet, “It’s a long walk to the
courthouse. I guess we can get dinner after…” She trails off, mumbling to herself.
Akechi dodges most of Ann’s attempts at conversation along the way with all the grace he
can muster, running through what he remembers of Sae’s palace in his head.
There’s not much point to the reminiscence. He remembers the major beats just fine, and
everything between is just as liable to have changed than it is to have stayed the same.
He wonders if there was a cognition of him, last time, skulking in unseen corners. He can
admit -far, far away from the ship- that he has a degree of curiosity in understanding how it is
he is perceived. He puts so much effort into tailoring such a thing, after all.
In theory, he should know the inner workings of these cognitions inside and out. It’s a little
disheartening to find that this is not the case.
WHAT PEOPLE FILL THE CRACKS WITH IS OUTSIDE YOUR CONTROL.

How wonderful.
And how annoying, that his cognition is so unhelpful“And, we’re here!” Ann announces as they shift from mementos to Sae’s distortion, having
just sustained a half hour conversation with herself. Her smile does look a little tight around
the edges, now that Akechi takes a second look.
“That we are.” He mumbles in agreement, scanning the plaza for Makoto.
Makoto, predictably early, and with the distinct advantage of being able to make use of public
transport, is leaning against a pillar, looking a bit bored. She perks up as she sees the two of
them, her grimace barely visible as her eyes slide over to Ann.
“How did it go?” Akechi cuts to the chase.
“As well as it could have.” Makoto declares, only looking slightly put out at Akechi’s
briskness.
“That’s great!” Ann cheers, giving a small applause. “What d’you think the cognition will be
like now?”
Makoto presses her lips together, “Well… He might be a little more… difficult.” She settles
on.
“More so than usual?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “What on earth did you say to her?”
“No conclusion that she didn’t come to on her own.” Makoto says coolly.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “A surprise then. Let’s find out what’s waiting for us, shall we?”
With a short nod from Makoto, and an eager grin from Ann, they head off to do just that.
Traipsing back towards the dice games isn’t particularly difficult- the shadows are easy
enough to avoid. Akechi scans the lounges, eyes narrowing.
“Back again?”
Akechi doesn’t startle from the cognition appearing out of fucking nowhere“Hi!” Ann waves at it, “Did you have to wait long?”
The cognition raises an eyebrow, looking somewhat amused, “Only as long as you were
gone.”
“Oh, right,” Ann laughs, “I guess I mean that I hope you weren’t bored.”
The cognition shrugs, “I simply spent my time doing what I always do.” It gestures towards
the rooms housing the dice games.

“Speaking of, actually,” Makoto interjects, “Before you head off to the slots, would you mind
us watching one more game?”
The cognition smiles airily, “At this rate, I’ll have amassed fifty thousand coins from the dice
alone.”
Makoto’s returning smile is a tad strained, “Humour us, please.”
The cognition sighs with put-upon irritation, “If I must.”
Despite its apparent dislike of their antics, the cognition is complying rather quickly, Akechi
thinks. He supposes that it did agree to let them tag along, at least, last they met.
Akechi splits his focus between the shadow, cognition, and dice as the game begins.
Everything proceeds as usual- the cognition doesn’t speak up, the shadow stays silent,
nothing strange happens with the member’s card, all up until the dice are cast.
They don’t land on triple sixes.
Akechi stares, and he sees Ann and Makoto stiffen in the corner of his eye. The cognition
seems unfazed.
“Apologies, sir.” The shadow drones, “The house wins.”
The cognition huffs, good-natured, “Of course. That’s to be expected, every now and again.”
The shadow nods, disinterested, and turns-immediately getting a knife to the neck.
The shadow dissipates unceremoniously, its clothes dropping to the ground in a heap.
Akechi turns his stare onto the cognition.
“What the hell did you tell her? ” Ann blurts incredulously, whipping around to give Makoto
a wide-eyed look.
“Not that! ” Makoto hisses back.
The cognition stands, and retrieves its knife from where it had clattered to the ground. It
picks up the uniform that the shadow left behind, and starts unbuttoning its waistcoat.
It pauses, and turns to give the three of them a pointed frown, “Well don’t look. ”
“Yeah, sure,” Ann says hurriedly, grabbing Akechi and Makoto by the elbows and dragging
them towards the door, “We need to, uh, chat- anyway- bye!”
She slams the door behind them.
“Well.” Akechi says, eloquently.

Makoto grimaces.
“What, did you tell Sae-san I’m an assassin?” He jokes.
Makoto seems to miss the humour, “ No. ” She says sharply, “…All I did was needle her
about how you did your job.”
“She’s come to some interesting conclusions.” Akechi says drily, as the door clicks open
behind them.
The cognition reemerges, dusting its hands over the uniform that all the worker shadows in
the casino sport. It wouldn’t look out of place, if not for the fact that it looks nothing like a
shadow. Akechi supposes that the shadows themselves probably won’t be able to tell.
“Shall we be off?” The cognition asks, “You do want to gamble at the rest of the casino, don’t
you?”
“Um, Akechi-kun,” Makoto clears her throat, turning towards the cognition, “What was the
point of… that?”
“The house always wins, doesn’t it?” It smiles.
That’s certainly one way of putting it. How clever, Akechi thinks sardonically. Perhaps he
should consider this a compliment.
“So,” Ann tugs at her hair, “Can you… set up some games for us?”
“Or are you going to force us to pull a stunt of our own?” Akechi snipes.
The cognition bows, the perfect picture of a public servant, if not for the accompanying wry
chuckle, “Let’s not waste time, shall we? I can deal you a game.”
If it weren’t for the prior need to change Sae’s cognition in the real world, this would
arguably be easier than hacking the terminals scattered about the casino. The cognition
saunters into one of the game rooms, flashing the working shadow a perfect smile, coupled
with a honeyed “Shift change!” that is taken at face value.
Makoto stiffly hands over the member’s card under her name, and the dice are cast.
The whole thing is a bit pointless. Not the collection of coins; rather, the cognition is oddly
insistent on the performance of the thing. Each game has to be reset as it ought to be, the
back and forth of placing their bet -like it isn’t obvious, with the dice always landing on triple
sixes- having to be played out each time.
By the time they start getting bored, they have about six thousand coins on their card.
“What about this card?” Ann whispers to him, holding the Yuko Suzui card in her hands.
“Keep it hidden.” Akechi whispers back, “We only need to start using it to accumulate coins
on the high limit floor. If no one realises it’s there, then you should be included in a group

with us, rather than under Yuko Suzui.”
“So I can progress with you guys?” Ann deduces, “Won’t the shadow I got it from know,
though?”
Akechi shakes his head, “Sae-san has no idea who you are. Thanks to that mask of yours,
your identity is malleable. So long as you declare yourself as another person entirely when
the time comes, you should be able to get away with it.”
Ann hums with understanding, an eager smile playing on her lips. Well, at least one of them
is enjoying this mess.
“How will you be fixing the slots?” Makoto asks the cognition as they walk out of the lunge
housing the dice games.
“You speak so crassly.” The cognition teases.
“Yes, yes,” Akechi rolls his eyes, “But really, how will you be getting around them? Are you
going to assume the form of a machine, this time?”
Ann tilts her head, as if imagining it, as the cognition laughs, “Of course not.”
“Then what- ” Makoto starts, before coming to an abrupt stop as they enter the slots hall.
The enormous slot machine still stands at the opposite end, bright neon flashing Win! Fifty
Thousand! The cognition ignores the sight entirely, taking a hard right to open a door marked
employees only.
“Wh- hey!” Ann calls.
“Sorry!” The cognition chirps, and winks, “Employees only.” And the door slams shut.
Akechi grits his teeth, “Sneaky little…”
Makoto snorts. “Sorry,” She says, when Akechi gives her a look, “It’s just- that’s exactly
what Sis said.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Hilarious, truly.”
“It kinda is.” Ann says, unhelpfully, as she tries to open the door the cognition just
disappeared through. “Won’t budge…” She mutters.
“I imagine that the sign is meant to be taken literally.” Makoto grouses, “We might need a
disguise after all.”
“Wonderful.” Akechi mutters, thoroughly done with this. He scans the hall, scowling when
he sees some uniformed shadows carrying trays of champagne flutes to cognitions chatting
and laughing around the slots.
Makoto follows his gaze, “Do you think we can take out three?”

“We don’t have to.” Akechi points out.
Ann blinks, “What, you want one of us to go in alone?”
Akechi shrugs, “It’ll be faster. And I doubt shadows will attack anyone they perceive as an
employee.”
“I suppose that’s true.” Makoto agrees warily, “…Who’s going to do it?”
“I’m the only one of the three of us that can act.” Akechi points out blandly, loathe as he is to
the idea of looking temporarily indistinguishable to his cognition.
“I’m not bad at acting.” Makoto mumbles, petulant.
“Uh, Queen?” Ann smiles, amused, “Remember when you were stalking us, and you’d
follow Joker around by holding this manga up to your face- did you know it was upside
down? And then-”
“Alright, I get it!” Makoto quickly interrupts her, “Just- get it done quickly, Crow.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, and doesn’t bother responding as he stalks off to sneak behind one of
the shadows.
It’s quick work, stabbing one of them through the neck before it can transform. The
cognitions barely react, only making a collective dismayed groan as the tray of champagne
shatters across the floor.
Akechi picks up the uniform left behind, letting black and blue melt into white and red,
before ducking behind one of the slots to quickly change. He rolls out his shoulders, and
heads towards the door, glaring at Ann as she giggles at his new attire.
The door opens easily, and he slips inside.
***
The halls are familiar. The structure and atmosphere are all the same, Akechi thinks, and yet
the exact twists and turns are slightly off. Despite that, it’s hardly a maze, and it isn’t long
before he spies a mirror.
“What’s your problem?” Akechi hisses, as he strides stiffly to match pace with his
doppelgänger.
“Whatever could you mean?” It asks airily, apparently unfazed by Akechi’s reappearance.
Akechi hates this thing, “You can’t seem to make up your mind.” He spits, “You didn’t lend
us your card, even though we have the same goal. You did help us with the dice, which
turned out to be entirely pointless now that you’ve left us on our own with the slots.”
“Ah, right.” The cognition hums, as though it had forgotten, “The dice… call it a favour.”

“A favour for what? ”
“ Repaying a favour, that is.” The cognition corrects, “Something changed. It was your doing,
right?” It smiles, “Everything is so much more involved. It’s far more interesting, don’t you
think?”
The day cognitions wearing his face stop spouting cryptic nonsense will be a wondrous day
indeed, “You tell me.” Akechi grits out.
The cognition laughs again, as it opens the door to what looks like a server room, with one
main terminal sitting at a desk, “I actually have things to do now, you know? And the
manager has no idea! Or, she does, but there’s nothing she can do about it.” It strides forward,
tapping at the terminal to wake it up, quickly tapping in some commands, “Much more
interesting, like I said.”
Is Sae really so bitter? Has she come to the conclusion that Akechi was stringing her along
this whole time, content to play his games while she floundered?
Well, Akechi reconsiders, he really has no right to be offended, when she’s not so far off the
mark.
He does reserve the right to be offended that her deductions have manifested as the thing
before him. As enigmatic as Akechi is sure he comes off to Sae, he was hardly in it for kicks.
Does she think Akechi hates her?
Maybe she does, a thought whispers, and Akechi decides that now isn’t the time for this.
The cognition finishes its business at the terminal with a flourish, “Well. That’s me.” It says,
“I’ll be off. I suspect I’ll see your friends back outside.”
Akechi just sneers, and marches over to try and take a crack at whatever this terminal is
supposed to do. The cognition just laughs at his hostility, and leaves without any further
comment.
Akechi frowns as he takes in the screen. It’s familiar- he recalls Futaba doing whatever it is
she does to manipulate the odds of the slots at one of these. Several, actually; the probability
here is a little tighter than that of the dice.
But, the cognition seemed to deem its work done after just working at this one. Perhaps
there’s a trick to it that Futaba missed?
Or, Akechi frowns, Futaba had more roadblocks to work around. She had been coming at it
from the perspective of an invasive force, trying to barge her way in. But, coming at it from
the perspective of an employee, simply adjusting the odds as is their job…
Perhaps they were all a little too reliant on Oracle’s skill set, Akechi thinks, as he types in
adjust probability > Makoto Niijima > 777 > 1.0
Command accepted, the terminal chimes. The power of cognition, Akechi snorts to himself.
Perhaps it’s for the best that neither he nor Sae have any real grasp over whatever hacking

entails.
He leaves the server room briskly, flashing a cheerful smile to a shadow he passes, who pays
him no mind. Arriving back in the main hall, he quickly lets his black mask and
accompanying bodysuit burn back over the stolen uniform.
Ann catches his eye, and waves, “Hey! Your, uh, double came through just before.”
“Did you run into any trouble?” Makoto asks.
“None at all.” Akechi dismisses, “Your card should find some success in the slots now,
though. That one, in particular.” He points towards the giant slot machine.
Makoto nods, and startles as there’s a cheer and a smattering of applause from the other end
of the room. The giant slot machine flashes 777 as coins spill onto the ground. Akechi stands
on his toes, and sees the cognition dusting off its hands as a show of accomplishment. It
turns, and flashes the three of them a grin, walking in their direction.
“May the three of you have similar luck.” It says slyly.
“Thank you.” Makoto fires back, marching over to shove her card into the machine, hopping
a bit as she tries to manoeuvre over the piles of coins.
Card accepted, 5000 coins deducted, the machine chimes, and the slots start spinning again,
predictably landing on triple sevens.
Makoto has to jump back, as yet another batch of fifty-thousand coins spills from the
machine. She quickly reclaims her card, and walks stiffly back towards the group.
“Alright!” Ann cheers, as the cognition politely claps, asshole, “We can go to the next floor
now, yeah?”
“You can.” The cognition replies before Akechi can, turning on its heel with a small wave,
“I’ll see you there. I think you’ll like what’s up next.”
“Will you? ” Makoto asks.
The cognition’s smile becomes a shade more genuine, “I suspect I will. I hear there’s a
coliseum there. I’d certainly like to try my hand.”
Ann tilts her head, “You’ve never been to the next floor before?”
The cognition frowns, “How could I? I didn’t have enough coins.” It laughs, “Well, don’t
take too long.”
Akechi furrows his brow as the cognition walks off, “…That receptionist shadow said the
card under my name has been registered for three years.”
Makoto hums, Akechi’s own confusion reflected on her face, “Maybe Sis didn’t see you as
above everything until recently?”

“Possibly…” Akechi mutters, though something still rings false.
Ann shrugs, “Weird.” She says, eloquent as ever, “Anyway, should we go?”
***
They arrive on the next floor, fifty thousand coins deducted from the card under Makoto’s
name, the Yuko Suzui card safely tucked away, the shadow that lets them pass none the wiser
as Ann loudly declares herself as Ann Takamaki! And I’m with these two .
Akechi walks forward, passing the shadow that greets them-as Ann and Makoto are quickly stopped.
Akechi thinks he can hear the grind of Makoto’s teeth from here.
“Why can’t we pass?” She snaps at the shadow.
“Apologies, miss.” The shadow drones, “Only special guests are allowed beyond this point.”
“What was the point of getting all the coins, then?!” Ann complains.
Ah, right. Akechi remembers this.
“The courtroom.” He starts, and hastens to continue when Makoto glares at him, “This entire
floor is a reflection of the courtroom itself. If the dice and slots are preparation for a trial everything meticulously laid out, no room for failure- then this floor is the battle itself. Still
immensely unfair, but there is room for… unexpected developments, I suppose.”
“Sooo, Niijima-san needs to see us as allowed to be in a courtroom?” Ann summarises,
tugging at her hair thoughtfully.
“But there’s no limit on who’s allowed to witness a trial.” Makoto points out, “Do we need to
be lawyers, or something?”
Akechi waves a hand, “It’s more of a presence of mind thing. Sae-san just needs to see you in
the audience of one of her trials. That’s what worked last time.”
“When’s her next trial, though?” Ann frowns.
“…I think she’s booked out all week, actually.” Makoto says, “We could probably go as soon
as tomorrow, if you’d like.”
“You should.” Akechi nods, grateful that it is presumably his role within the justice system
that allows him to avoid any awkward scenarios, such as waltzing into a courtroom while
he’s supposed to be dead.
“Then we will.” Makoto decides with a firm nod.
***

Makoto does her best not to shy away from the strange looks she gets from security as she
and Ann shuffle their way into the sparsely populated courtroom.
They probably recognise her. She and Sae do look quite alike.
Sae is sitting behind the prosecutor’s bench, flipping through a folder. An intensity that
Makoto has been seeing more and more often burns in her eyes, brows furrowed in a scowl.
From what Makoto knows, this trial is barely anything special- already won before it’s begun.
She isn’t sure if she should be amused at how seriously Sae is taking it.
At her side, Ann shifts and fidgets in the quiet. “How long do these take, usually?” She
whispers.
Makoto laughs under her breath, “They haven’t even started yet.” She teases, “But, it should
only be a few hours today.”
Ann looks like she’s trying very hard not to pout, “That’s… I can wait. Yeah.”
Makoto suppresses her snickers. Her eyes flick back to the prosecutor’s bench, and she nearly
bites her tongue as she makes eye-contact with her sister, wide-eyed and looking bewildered.
Makoto gives a stiff wave. Ann notices, and joins in, far brighter. Sae narrows her eyes in
response.
The trial is actually shorter than Makoto expects it to be. They hit a snag a few hours in that
initially forces a recess, and then a push to a later date. Makoto hears Ann’s sigh of relief as
the judge dismisses the court.
She isn’t all that surprised when they bump into Sae as soon as they leave.
“I didn’t know that you planned on watching a trial, Makoto.” Is Sae’s greeting, laced with
accusation.
“…It was a last-minute decision.” Makoto elects to say.
“How come?” Sae pushes.
Makoto fights not to shrug, “I’m curious about your work. And since I’m heading off to
university soon, I thought I’d… do some research.”
Sae hums, and inclines her head towards Ann, “…And you’re interested in law as well?”
“Um,” Ann starts, “Hi- uh, sort of?” She laughs, loud and grating, and Makoto prepares
herself for the Takamaki acting special, “I mean, I’m a second year, so I’m just… checking
out my options.”
“I see.” Sae tucks some hair behind her ear, not revealing at all whether she believes the
display or not. “I take you two are friends?”

Ann smiles, “Yep! I’m Ann. Ann Takamaki.”
“I mentioned I was coming here, and she asked to tag along.” Makoto tacks on.
Sae seems mollified by this, as her expression softens slightly, “Well, I’m glad to hear you’re
both interested in the field. It’s good to start thinking about these things early.” She huffs a
laugh, “I’m glad that you’re taking initiative with this, Makoto, but I’m also glad you didn’t
bring a whole crowd. A courtroom isn’t a playground.”
It is, however, host to a coliseum of all things. Makoto keeps this to herself. “Of course. Most
of my other friends wouldn’t be particularly interested in a trial, anyway.”
“Ren might.” Ann interjects. “But you’d have to drag Ryuji there kicking and screaming.”
“And I’m not sure Ren would actually be that thrilled by a courtroom.” Makoto points out.
Ren is interested -or can feign interest; she’s never quite sure- in a great many things, but she
thinks that spending any amount of time in the defendant’s chair would probably colour one’s
perception of the whole thing.
“Ren?” Sae questions.
Makoto really hopes this conversation isn’t a gateway to awkwardly listing out all her
friends. “You might have met him, Sis. He works at Leblanc?”
“Oh, right,” Sae blinks, seemingly surprised by the coincidence, “The part-timer. Small
world.” She huffs.
“Right.” Makoto says in vague agreement. She coughs, “Well, I’m sure you’re busy…?”
Sae’s expression shutters back to her usual pinched frown, “Of course. I’ll see you at home.”
“It was nice meeting you!” Ann calls after her, waving goodbye.
Makoto bites her lip, “Well,” She says, “That should be enough, shouldn’t it?”
Ann blows a raspberry, “Hope so. It would kinda suck if I’m still not allowed in because she
doesn’t believe I’m actually interested.”
Makoto laughs, and figures that probably isn’t the case considering that presumably all the
Phantom Thieves would have had to sit in on a trial, last time. She doubts they would have
collectively been able to convince Sae that they’re all interested in law.
“We’re going back in tomorrow?” Ann asks.
Makoto nods. “Tomorrow.”
It’s high time they upped the ante, she thinks.

Chapter End Notes

hello! i have some good news! with my semester (mostly) finished, I'll be hopping back
to one update a week! ...likely to be pulled back again come next february HAHAHA
y'all had some bangers for what to call the trio of ann, makoto, and akechi btw. i'm still
laughing
Socials! so, in lieu of twitter (because that website still terrifies me) i got bluesky? It's
been pretty fun, so come say hello!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! No rank ups? ah, well. can't have 'em all
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 5
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 7
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Makoto: ...so have you ever considered how Akechi does his job?
Sae: No, not really.
Makoto: what comes to mind first?
Sae: My god. He's clearly killing his way to the top
Makoto: surprisingly accurate

Chapter 71
Chapter Summary

Striking deals, convincing, and a trip through the past

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There’s a part of Ren that wishes he had caved and asked Sumire to fill Akechi in on their
plan.
The rest of him, all stubbornness and not knowing when to quit, shoves this down. He can, in
fact, hold a conversation with Akechi that doesn’t immediately devolve into shouting.
Immediately being the operative word. But that’s all that matters, no?
Contrary to what he’s sure Akechi believes; Ren does know where he’s going wrong. Taking
Maruki’s deal was, categorically, the wrong choice. On every level conceivable, Ren knew
this from the moment he realised that something was off that this isn’t right- he never
intended to take the deal untilWell,
If Maruki asked him now, right now, if Ren would choose the false reality, the answer would
be: No. That’s the insurance Akechi is looking for, isn’t it?
Ren knows it isn’t.
He knocks on Ann’s door.
…And gets no response.
He frowns, and takes out his phone.
Ren: are you home?
It only takes a few seconds to get a response.
Ann: nope!
Ann: out w/ Mako. Crow’s home though! just get in by mementos or smthn
That’s as good an invitation as any, Ren thinks. He decides that disappearing into Mementos
in the middle of the hall is probably a bad idea, and decides to quickly jog back outside into

an alley, activating the Nav out of sight.
He climbs the stairs, kicking open the reflection of Ann’s door when it doesn’t budge. He
stands in the centre of the room, and hits the Nav again.
“And what,” Comes a crisp and disdainful voice as soon as Ren reappears, “Are you doing
here?”
Ren smiles awkwardly under Akechi’s glare, “Visiting?”
Akechi scoffs, and hops up off the couch, “Takamaki isn’t home, you know.”
“I know.” Ren says, and holds up his phone, “She said I could come in.”
“Then what are you here for, if not for her?” Akechi pushes, folding his arms.
Ren would think the answer to that is quite obvious. He supposes Akechi is being painfully
obstinate on purpose. “I wanted to talk to you.”
“You’re doing that right now.” Akechi says, bland.
Ren takes it back. Holding conversations with Akechi is a nightmare.
“Alright,” Ren snaps, “Stop.”
Akechi raises his eyebrows innocently, “Stop what?”
“Playing dumb. ” Ren grits out.
Ren knows where he’s going wrong. Though, maybe half his problem is letting Akechi run
with it.
Akechi lets his performative expression drop, and says nothing more.
Ren takes a breath, “You don’t have to fight me on everything.”
“Don’t I?” Akechi’s eyebrows shoot right back up, “It’s called sticking to your ideals, I
believe, ever heard of it?”
Ren glares, “And your ideals are to be as annoying as possible, right?”
Akechi snorts.
Ren pauses, “Do you have to bring all that up all the time?”
“Don’t I?” Akechi repeats, far heavier than the first.
Of course.
“And,” Akechi continues, glare sharpening again, “Last I checked, it’s usually you seeking
me out.”

Ren supposes that’s true. He has no leg to stand on, here. And besides, any sense of normalcy
he could have ever hoped to achieve with Akechi, where their conversations aren’t laden with
lies and hints and double meanings died long before the false reality.
Ren still objects to being fought at every turn.
He can only shrug, “I guess. Here I am.”
“Here you are.” Akechi agrees.
(See: the problem, is that Ren simply doesn’t have the insurance that Akechi is looking for.
Maybe they’ll have this same conversation a hundred times over, and Akechi will always lay
down a test, a question, a second, a third, or however many chances, and will ask: If you were
given the same choice, would you do it again?
There’s a small comfort for Ren, in this hypothetical, that Akechi never seems to give up on
him.
But, will his patience breach the fabrications of Ren’s mind?)
He doubts it.
Akechi makes a sound, something between a scoff and a groan, that snaps Ren out of his
thoughts, “Are you just going to stand there? Say what you need to say so you can get out.”
“Maybe I want to stay for dinner.” Ren says, coy.
“Try it, and Takamaki will be coming back to your corpse in the kitchen.” Akechi snaps.
The death threats, funnily enough, feel almost friendly. Ren would rather not jinx himself on
that, though. He smiles, “She’d probably kick you out if that happened.”
“Doubtful,” Akechi says haughtily, “What would she do with the corpse, then? Tell the police
I did it? I’m presumed dead.”
“Toss the both of us into Mementos.” Ren shrugs, “She’d get away with it.”
Akechi laughs, for the split second before he seems to remember who it is he’s laughing with.
He turns away sharply, “You’re not overstaying your welcome. Now really, hurry it up.”
Fine, then.
Ren bites at his lips, “Sumire and I have an idea.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “What might that be?”
“After we take down Shido,” Ren explains, haltingly, “You remember, last time, how Sae
asked me to testify?”

Akechi rolls his eyes, “ Yes, I remember. If your idea is just that you don’t want that to
happen, then you ought to come back later.”
Ren stops himself from commenting on the implied invitation to return, and instead shakes
his head, “We have a plan, not just an idea.” He straightens up slightly, as Akechi tilts his
head in interest, “If we just need someone to testify about the Metaverse, then surely
someone in the conspiracy would be able to do that?”
“You want to change that someone’s heart.” Akechi states, “Fair; but if you were to do that,
that person would immediately be silenced. The element of surprise is something only you or
I could harness under these circumstances.”
Ren grins. He forgot how good it feels to be a step ahead, “We already thought of that. So
we’re changing more than one heart.”
Akechi’s brow furrows, “How many?”
“At least six.” Ren explains, “The five VIP’s Shido has listed in his palace, plus a psientist,
we hope.”
“You hope.” Akechi echoes blankly.
Ren tugs at his fringe, “That should be enough, right? …And Shido hasn’t killed all the
cognitive psientists around, has he?”
Akechi gives a wry grimace, “No, he hasn’t.” He pauses, “Unless he’s been killed the oldfashioned way. I suppose you could always try dragging Maruki onto the stand, in that case. I
doubt they’d listen to a quack like him, though.”
Ren laughs in the universal tone of haha, yeah, that would be funny , moving on, and
carefully toes around the dangerous waters that bringing up Maruki has summoned, “So,
you’re in?”
Akechi clicks his tongue, “Hardly. It’s a risk, only taking out those six people. There are
plenty of those with interests in Shido’s conspiracy that have the power to silence anyone you
force to speak out. And even with only six people, where are you going to find the time? Any
number of them could have palaces.”
“…One of the names I’ve checked has a palace. The other doesn’t.” Ren admits.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and gives Ren an I told you so expression, “Your plan didn’t get that
far, I imagine?”
“We have to try, alright?” Ren snaps, “Otherwise, it’ll be you or me they drag up there, and
then what?”
Akechi looks away.
Ren takes a step forward, “I’m serious. Then what? They cart me off to juvie? They throw
you in prison? They drag all our friends into court?”

Akechi laughs, bitter, “That idealism of yours just comes in spades, doesn’t it?”
“Yeah, well,” Ren swallows, “We both know what happens when I run out.”
Ah, and there’s the problemAkechi’s eyes narrow, icy, “Is that it, then? What this all boils down to? You can refrain from
taking Maruki’s deal if reality is already perfect for you to begin with?”
Ren grinds his jaw, “I wasn’t planning on it.”
“Again.”
“Again.” Ren echoes, voice hollow.
Akechi snorts, “Well, isn’t that convincing? I guess this is where all that tenacity leads to.”
Ren cuts his tongue against his teeth, “Don’t change the subject, just tell me- ”
“This is the subject.” Akechi interrupts, “You’d rather waste time and precious resources
dodging a problem that we already have a simple solution to. You weren’t that choked up
about my turning myself in last time.”
“So you’ve already decided that it’s going to be you? ” Ren spits, “You’re no better than I
am.”
“It’s only fair.” Akechi hisses lowly, “It’s hardly a martyr complex when it’s an either-or. You,
on the other hand…”
“ What? ”
“You got off easy for so long. ” Goro sneers, “You never learned what the word compromise
means; you just kept winning, right up until the end, when reality hit you in the face and you
fucking crumbled- ”
“Yeah, I know! ” Ren shouts, “It sucks! It all does! But that doesn’t mean we have to sit down
and fucking take it. You think that would’ve been fair to Ann, and Ryuji, if I just threw up my
hands and said that’s life! when Kamoshida was walking all over them? What about Yusuke?
Haru? Everyone!?”
“Don’t twist my words, ” Goro seethes, “What’s your damage, Ren? Your problem is this: you
give everything a fair shot, but it’s like you think there’s a safety net if everything goes to
hell. Can’t you just learn to-”
“Why does giving up have to be my proof to you?” Ren cuts him off, furious and desperate.
“Because I don’t think you can otherwise!” Goro’s voice breaks, “I don’t fucking trust you!
How can I? ”
Ren stumbles more than takes another step forward, and,

Says nothing.
( If you were given the same choice, would you do it again?
Well, Ren replies to the Goro-Question in his head, that the real one only ever seems to imply,
I can’t say! If anything, I think my resolve only crumbles more with every given second,
because if you were gone again, II don’t thinkIt would hurt so muchI can’t…
Well.)
Ren lets his head fall forward onto Goro’s chest.
“What are you doing.” Goro mutters, stiff. He doesn’t shove Ren off.
Ren still can’t think of anything to say.
( If you were given the same choice, would you do it again?
Well, Ren says, going for round two; logically, it’s possibly the worst decision I could ever
make.
So, you wouldn’t? The voice that sounds an awful lot like Metatron asks.
Ha, now, Ren can only laugh, and laugh, That, that I don’t know.
The Justice thrums with disappointment.
I don’t want to, Ren assures it, I really never wanted to.)
“I don’t think the time travel really did me any good.” Ren eventually whispers.
Goro barks a choked laugh, still not pushing Ren away, “Really! I never would have
guessed.”
Ren flicks his side, “Ass.” He says, fond.
(Not wanting to isn’t really enough, you know. The voice says, forgoing the question entirely.
It’s all I can say, Ren responds, tired, Maybe if I made the right choice the first time, it would
all be different. I would have learned to move on, learned to give up.
But now, Goro is here, alive, alive enough to hate Ren from the bottom of his heart and still
not run when Ren drags him into his arms, and god Ren couldn’t have asked for anything

more.
Hm.
Let’s rephrase the question:
If this was all a dream, would you wake up?)
Ren doesn’t want to break the bubble of comfort they’ve tripped into.
He does, anyway: “Hey.”
“Hm?” Goro hums, still, miraculously, not pulling away.
“M’ sorry.” Ren murmurs into his chest.
Goro stiffens, and starts stepping back, “Don’t start, Ren-”
“No, wait,” Ren pulls him back in, “Just- please, listen.”
Goro doesn’t relax, but relents, not protesting Ren’s arms around his waist, “What, then?”
“Just-” Ren swallows, “You want proof?” He says, a challenge and a plea all in one, “Let this
be it. Let’s do this plan. At least try it. We don’t have to make our lives worse just to prove a
point.”
A dry huff.
He pulls Goro a bit closer, “And I promise,” if this is all a dream, “If we- If I fuck up. I won’t
make the same mistakes twice.”
Goro slowly places his hands on Ren’s shoulders. “Your promises mean nothing to me.”
Ren looks up, and smiles, “I’ll keep them anyway.”
And he hopes, and hopes, that what he says is true.
(The Justice feels a little more upright.)
***
Akechi agrees, when Ren asks if they can call a team meeting the next day.
He isn’t sure what to make of it all, really. If it had been Sumire that had asked him to agree
to this plan, as she is apparently half the brains behind it, then Akechi might have agreed
outright if only to humour her. Or to avoid her pouting at him.
But, since it’s Ren,
Well,

Akechi felt that some more convincing was in order.
(Ren hadn’t pulled away for a long while. Akechi did nothing to hurry him up.)
And now, waiting in Leblanc’s attic -having arrived early, for some reason- he wonders if he
should’ve fought Ren even harder.
“So what’s this meeting about?” Morgana asks, hopping up next to Akechi on the couch,
apparently oblivious to whatever the hell the atmosphere is supposed to be. Or maybe he just
doesn’t care.
“Sumire and I have an idea.” Ren explains, looking through a journal as he sits cross-legged
on his bed. “About how we can take out the conspiracy a little more effectively without
having to throw one of us under the bus. Goro agreed, and now we’re here.”
Akechi can’t muster the energy to snap at Ren for apparently just re-allowing himself givenname privileges. He resolutely ignores Morgana’s look, the exact meaning obscured by
having to read it off a cat’s facial features.
“…Right.” Morgana eventually says, and then the words seem to register, “Oh! Wait, that’s
great! Why didn’t you guys plan for something like this sooner?”
Ren grimaces, “Didn’t think to. Didn’t think we’d have to.” The ‘With Crow on our side’
goes unspoken. Akechi rolls his eyes.
“My apologies, for not having an entire deck of solutions up my sleeve.” Akechi says with
the utmost sarcasm, “Given that we technically did have a solution for it, last time, I suppose
it didn’t cross my mind as something that needed to be fixed.”
“Crossed Sumire’s, though.” Ren adds.
So it did. Akechi can guess when she got the idea. He tries not to be too insulted that she
went to Ren first.
“Well, whatever, you’ve got it together now.” Morgana says, looking pleased, “What’s the
plan, then?”
“A bad one.” Akechi says, before Ren gets the chance to open his mouth.
Ren scowls at him, “It’s thorough. ” He closes the journal with a snap, “And Sumire and I
can explain once everyone shows up.”
“Huh?” Sumire says, as she and Haru crest the top of the stairs, “Oh! Yes! That would be
better.” She turns to Akechi with a bright smile, “I’m glad you agreed!”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I agreed to talk about it. ”
“I suppose it does need some ironing out.” Haru says, neatly brushing over her skirt as she
takes the seat next to Akechi, and adds: “Sumi-chan explained the bullet points to me.”

Sumire smiles sheepishly as she takes the seat to Akechi’s other side, “Well… the bullet
points are kind of all we have.”
“Oh…” Morgana’s ears droop.
“We’ll figure it out.” Ren says with confidence he shouldn’t have, moving from the bed to a
chair. “That’s what the meeting is for.”
It doesn’t take long for the rest of the thieves to show up. Ann sticks her tongue out at Akechi
when she arrives- likely all the retribution she can be bothered to muster for leaving the
apartment without her.
It’s quick work for Sumire and Ren to explain both the stakes and the half-baked plan they’ve
cooked up to counter it. Hearing it laid out for a second time doesn’t endear Akechi to it any
more than he had been the first.
Once the explanation is done, they’re met with a room of contemplative frowns.
“So… you’re askin’ if we’re down for all that.” Sakamoto summarises, brow furrowed.
“It will certainly be… taxing.” Kitagawa hums.
Morgana’s tail lashes, agitated, “But we have to! Otherwise it’s Joker or Crow that get thrown
to the wolves!”
“I agree that the outcome of this plan is far better than the alternative,” Makoto sighs, “But,
how can we do this, logistically?”
“Our deadline for Shido’s palace is December seventeenth, correct?” Haru says, “It’s the
sixth of November today, so we have about a month and a half to do…” She grimaces,
“Seven palaces, you said, including Shido?”
“Six palaces, actually, at maximum. ” Ren corrects, “The five VIP’s that Shido has cognitions
of in his palace, plus a cognitive psientist to hopefully shred Shido in court.”
Futaba perks up at that. At the same time, Sumire chimes in, “…Only one of the two names
we know has a palace, so far. But we’re hoping most of them will be in Mementos.”
“And you say we need to do all that super quickly after Shido’s change of heart…” Ann bites
at her lip.
“Well, we can clear all the routes beforehand.” Makoto points out, “Then all we’d have to do
is face their shadows.”
“And any of the Mementos-dwellers can be taken out in one fell swoop.” Kitagawa says,
looking thoughtful.
Akechi figures now might be time to chime in, “You’re lucky. The psientist you’re looking
for is in Mementos.”

“You know a guy?!” Futaba jumps, “Why didn’t you say so?!”
“Because,” Akechi begins, slowly, “I’ve never met the man in real life. I’d have no idea
where to even begin, to find his research. That, and Shido presumably sent me to interrogate
him because he was making so little progress that it seemed like he was hiding something.”
“Was he?” Ann asks.
“No. But we can hope that the fact his research sits unremarkably atop the shoulders of giants
means he at least has enough of an understanding to give a testimony.” Akechi explains.
“What’s his name?” Ren asks.
“Kaito Takahashi.” Akechi supplies, “He won’t be able to put up much of a fight against us.”
“Well, that’s somethin’.” Sakamoto kicks his legs out, “What about the other guys?”
“Masaki Ooe and Eito Fujimoto. A politician and TV station president.” Ren lists, “Ooe is
the one with a palace.”
Makoto turns to Akechi, “What about the rest? I assume you know all their names?”
Akechi rolls out his shoulders, and leans back. “Most. Shido has an IT company president
under his thumb. He’s, unsurprisingly, responsible for Shido’s cyber security. If any
information has gone missing with regard to the conspiracy in the past, you can assume that’s
his doing.” He says meaningfully towards Futaba.
She frowns, “Am I a match for him?”
Akechi shrugs, “Depends. Have you found anything he’s buried?”
Futaba groans, “That’s no fair! He probably burned everything into hard copies! I can’t steal
that!”
“What’s his name?” Makoto interjects.
“Norio Sato.” Akechi replies, “He has a palace, before you ask.” He says, and Ren pauses,
his phone already open on the nav, “I’ve… persuaded him to do favours for me in the past.”
“Oh I bet you did…” Futaba grumbles, apparently still caught up on her skills failing her.
“Keywords?” Ren prompts.
“It’s terribly uncreative.” Akechi scoffs, “Norio Sato, Satotech company tower, arcade.”
Morgana sighs, “I get the feeling that place is going to be really annoying.”
“It is.” Akechi assures him. “The last name I know is Hideo Matsui. He’s part of a noble line.
Old money. One of Shido’s main donors for his campaign.”

The way Ren’s face scrunches with dislike makes it all too clear that Shido’s cognitive
version of the man is just as unpleasant as he is in reality. “Hideo Matsui” He says into the
Nav.
No candidate found. The Nav chirps.
“Mementos.” Ren amends.
Candidate found. The Nav dutifully corrects itself.
“Count yourselves lucky.” Akechi says to the thieves, “The less time spent around that man,
the better.”
“Is he really that bad?” Sumire asks with a small grimace.
“No more or less heinous than anyone else in his station.” Akechi says mildly, “He is simply
unfortunate enough to be an incurable pervert.”
“Oh.” Ann’s nose scrunches with disgust, “Yeah, no- can we like, do a drive-by when we deal
with him?”
Ren huffs a laugh, “I can try running him over.”
Morgana puffs out his chest, “I’ll deal with him swiftly!”
Makoto frowns, “…You said that was the last name you know? What about the last person,
then?”
“The Cleaner…” Ren frowns.
Haru perks up, “Ah, as in yakuza? Just one person, or a family?”
“Oh, that kinda cleaner…” Sakamoto mutters under his breath.
“If we’re getting technical,” Akechi chooses to ignore that, “It’s one man with a connection
to Shido, who also happens to have various loyal -or, easily bought- men at his disposal.”
“And you don’t know him?” Makoto clarifies, looking a bit disappointed.
Akechi shakes his head, “I’ve met him, I just sincerely doubt that Tanaka is his real name.”
“If you’ve met him, then…?” Sumire trails off, frowning.
“Could we get his name from the cognition of him in Shido’s palace?” Ren asks.
Akechi shrugs, “Perhaps. But there’s a very good chance that Shido doesn’t know his real
name either.”
“I would have thought that a man like Shido would not allow for such an imbalance.”
Kitagawa points out, “He knows how you did your job, surely, so I would assume he would
take a name as insurance?”

“But, maintaining too close a connection to the Yakuza could be dangerous, too.” Haru
counters, “Shido could have accepted the distance, if it also granted him a layer of
protection.”
“To my knowledge, you have the right of it, Haru-san.” Akechi inclines his head towards her.
“The cleaner’s in it for the money.” Ren chimes in, “Shido knows it, too. The cognition of
him jumped ship pretty quick once he realised the way the wind was blowing. We did have to
rough him up a bit first, though.”
“So, in essence, we have no easy way to find the man’s real name.” Makoto summarises with
a scowl.
“Do we even need it?” Morgana asks, “If it’s just one guy, then…”
“But, doesn’t he clean up problems ?” Ann points out, “He’s the kinda guy we’d need to deal
with first. ”
“The cleaner himself won’t be in much danger, should the conspiracy’s top layers collapse.”
Akechi says, “So he doesn’t have any reason to act on his own. However, the second rung in
the ladder may reach out to him. We have no guarantee if he’d comply, but it’s not a risk we
should take.”
Sakamoto runs a hand through his hair, “Hey, Renren, who was that lady we asked for
Kaneshiro’s name?”
Ren blinks, “Who, Ohya?”
“Yeah!” Sakamoto clicks his fingers, “If she’s already got that info about the mafia, think
she’d know about yakuza, too?”
Ren takes this in, nodding slowly, “It’s worth a try…” He nods a little more firmly, “She’d
definitely help. She’s got a grudge against Shido.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “How come?”
Ren grimaces, “Oh, uh, well, her partner had a mental shutdown, so…”
“Ah.” Akechi says blandly, “Revenge is as good a motivator as any, I suppose.”
Makoto coughs, looking awkward. “Then that’s a start.” She says stiffly.
“If that doesn’t work, we can go from there!” Ann claps her hands together, “I mean, we’re
doing this, right?”
“I’m in!” Sakamoto cheers.
“I as well.” Kitagawa nods, a smile on his face.
“Me too!” Morgana flicks his tail.

Futaba shrugs, “I guess I’m down. Like, this is obviously a better plan then just wing it,
right? And I wanna take these guys down.”
“We’ll have to work quickly…” Makoto mutters to herself, but nods nonetheless, “But I
agree. These people cannot be allowed to run around unchecked.”
Haru laughs slightly, as everyone turns to look for her input, “Oh, I already agreed when
Sumi-chan explained it to me on the way here.”
Sumire clasps her hands together, “Then that’s everyone!”
“Not quite.” Ren says quietly, nodding towards Akechi.
Well. Isn’t that nice.
Akechi considers if he genuinely believes this plan is worth it.
Three palaces- possibly four, if they’re unlucky with the cleaner. All within the span of a
month and a half, their final stretches to be completed in the tight time frame between the
seventeenth and the twenty-fourth of December.
That, on top of whatever their goal is within Sae’s palace. Though, that’s a tight-lipped secret
between him, Makoto, and Ann. With any luck, it will stay that way.
What do they stand to lose, if they try and fail?
“You all need to manage your expectations.” Akechi eventually says, folding his arms, “What
we’re doing cannot possibly erase the conspiracy entirely. Even cutting off the head of the
snake will lead it to simply be replaced the minute that they stop panicking.”
The confident smiles melt off of the thieves’ faces.
“So even Shido himself is replaceable…” Haru murmurs.
Akechi nods, “Naturally. It’s all about perspective, though. From the inside, Shido is
untouchable, therefore he’s irreplaceable. He’s untouchable from the outside, too; it is our
unique capabilities that allow us to circumvent this.”
“Your point being?” Makoto pushes.
“This plan is only so that we can save ourselves.” Sumire deduces after a moment, a small
frown etched on her face, “Someone has to take the fall, and it may as well be the group of
people who are actually at fault.” Her eyes flick to Akechi, “Right?”
Akechi gives her a nod, “Exactly.”
Sakamoto scowls, “Seriously? Doin’ all this’ll change nothing? It ain’t even worth it? ”
“No.” Ren insists firmly, “It’ll change something. It’ll leave them scrambling, at least, and we
can leave it to Niijima to root more of them out the old-fashioned way.”

“And the people that we target won’t ever be able to do anything again.” Ann says fiercely,
“It’s not nothing. ”
Haru looks contemplative. The frown on Sumire’s face hasn’t abated. Akechi gets the feeling
she might be thinking of something else entirely.
“You can’t root out all corruption with a snap of your fingers.” He says, tired.
“Sure,” Ren agrees, a smirk spreading across his face, “But that’s not what we’re doing.
We’re trying to take out Shido, and we’re going to do it right. ”
(Akechi will not confess to allowing himself to believe Ren’s words.
Only a spark, only a maybe,
Ren is a liar. Akechi can’t trust him with a damn thing.
ExceptIT TAKES A STEADY HAND TO CAPTURE THE POSION THAT DRIPS FROM
ABOVE.
Maybe, maybe,
Akechi can’t quite bring himself to hate how the frayed edges of the Justice are trimmed,
woven a little tighter)
There’s a collective grin that passes across the thieves, rippling across them like a wave.
Overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer, Akechi reminds himself.
Despair is not its counter. A voice that he can’t quite place says in response.
The Judgement grows to its eighth rank.
Well, what the hell?
Why not give it a shot?
***
Futaba honestly hadn’t thought much of how actually getting Shido convicted would go. She
had assumed that since the oh-so-knowledgeable Time Travel Trio hadn’t really said much,
that it was something they had under control.
Apparently, they did not have it under control. Did being the operative word, now that
they’ve got a plan.
The plan is… fine. Futaba can understand Akechi’s hesitance, at least, beyond just Akechi
being Akechi.

Ren claps his hands together, Joker’s smirk on his face, as they wrap up the meeting, “We
should meet to figure out Ooe’s keywords as soon as possible. After we get Niijima on our
side?” He nods to Makoto.
Makoto stiffens. And, for some reason, so does Ann. “Um,” Makoto starts, “I- you shouldn’t
wait on my account. We were waiting before because we thought we had time on our hands,
but there’s no reason we need my sister to get started.”
“Efficiency is key.” Akechi says mildly. And, woah, Futaba never thought she’d see the day
where those two agreed on something. She supposes tactics must bring nerds together.
“Yeah!” Ann agrees, loudly. Alright, weird.
Ren seems to consider this, “That’s fine by me, I guess.” He frowns, “…How about:
tomorrow I can meet with Ohya. You all can split up and try guessing some keywords on
your own, and then on Tuesday we can come together and hopefully find our answer.”
Ryuji kicks up off his chair, “Sounds good to me.”
There’s a round of agreements, and that seems to be that. Futaba also stands to shuffle back to
her house, before she pauses.
Hm. She’d think that Sumire would look happier, what with everyone agreeing to her and
Ren’s plan.
She awkwardly shuffles to her side, “Uh, Sumire, hey.”
Sumire jumps -bad start- before pulling herself back together and sending Futaba a smile,
“Oh, hello.” She bites at her lip, “Did you need something…?”
Futaba resists the urge to dissolve. “Nope. Not- No. Um, just,” She coughs, “Checking in.”
Sumire blinks, “Oh.”
“You look sad.” Futaba blurts.
The blank look twists into a grimace, “Right…” Sumire’s eyes flick down, “It’s just, no one’s
really said it, but it’s pretty obvious that we’re not going to be able to do Maruki’s palace
while we’re trying to take down Shido.”
In the privacy of her own mind, Futaba will admit that she kinda forgot about that guy.
“And…” Sumire continues quietly, sighing as Leblanc’s door closes behind them with a short
jingle, “I don’t know. I have no idea what’s going to happen with Maruki at all, this time. So
much is different.”
“…If he does get a powerup, we’d still have January to deal with him, right?” Futaba
tentatively points out.

“Yeah.” Sumire shrugs, smiling sheepishly, “That’s true. It just doesn’t sit right. I guess I’m
just impatient.”
Fair, Futaba thinks. She’s feeling pretty impatient about getting all this business with Shido
done quick, if only because Akechi will finally help her out with finding her mom’s research
by then.
…Wasn’t Maruki in the cognitive psience field, too?
Now that’s a thought…
“Hey, Sumire?” Futaba speaks up as they wander down the street. How to phrase this? “I…
may have an idea.”
Sumire tilts her head, “Oh?”
“It’s a dumb one.” Futaba warns her.
“Oh?” Sumire repeats, laughing a bit this time, “That’s one way to pitch it.”
Futaba snickers, before trying to muster up some seriousness. “No, but, really, you should
probably say no.” Ren will kill her if he finds out about this.
Sumire looks at her expectantly.
Futaba sucks in a breath, and puffs out her cheeks, “So… what if we checked it out?”
Sumire stares, “Checked…?”
“The Doc’s palace.” Futaba clarifies. “Just a peek! Like, you could get a lay of the land,” And
Futaba could sneak a look at any research that might be spinning in the man’s head, “And
you could, I dunno, establish a threat level?”
Sumire opens and closes her mouth, looking a bit like a fish. She presses her lips together
tightly, and hums, contemplative.
“We don’t have to fight anything!” Futaba continues, “And even if we have to, or something,
you’re super powerful, and I’m great at navigating, so we’ll be fine!”
“You want it to be just the two of us?” Sumire asks.
“Well, yeah,” Futaba says awkwardly, “Um, anyone else would probably just be responsible
about it and try to stop us.” Most likely. Or, at the very least, ask questions. Futaba isn’t that
eager to betray Akechi’s measly bit of trust in her so soon, and Akechi himself is very likely
to shut this whole thing down and call her stupid if he catches wind of it.
So, from where Futaba’s standing, this sounds like a Violet and Oracle duo mission.
They’ll do great!

Sumire bites her lip, fighting what Futaba is sure is a grand internal battle, before she
deflates, and says: “Okay.”
Futaba leans forward eagerly, “Okay?”
Sumire nods, firm, “Okay. I- well, it’s not like I haven’t gone running around in palaces on
my own before, or with a small team, so, um,”
“You have experience.” Futaba finishes her rationalisation for her.
“Yes!” Sumire eagerly clicks her fingers, “That. And it’s just a look, so…”
Futaba shrugs, “Ren and Akechi lived when they got stuck there.”
It seems Sumire is also in the business of overlooking the factors that make these two
situations very different. “Exactly! We’ll be just fine.” Her eyes flick to the side, “And… I
really want to do this.”
“Me too…” Futaba agrees.
“Tomorrow, then?”
So soon? But, of course, time is of the essence.
“Tomorrow it is.”
***
Cognition works in interesting ways.
Ha! A statement as bland and broad as they come. Cognition is the human mind! Of course
it’s entirely nonsensical, and so damn fascinating .
It becomes especially fascinating, though, when an entire person (or several!) is thrown into
the mix. A person inside a mind! A mind inside a mind- it’s lucky that the two don’t clash and
collapse in on each other.
Except they do, somewhat. It took some trial and error to prove this, but in the absence of an
impression inside a manifestation (or a palace, as he’s taken to calling them. I can’t decide if
it sounds cool or stupid. Futaba would probabl- ) can allow for an invasive presence to make
one in its stead. Entirely out of their control, of course- it takes some serious force of will to
truly withhold the brain from taking the path of least resistance.
The kid subject does have some pretty strong will, though. All that Persona nonsense, most
likely. Some more trial and error later, it’s become clear that in the complete absence of any
impression, a gap in the link between whatever metaphor a Shadow has strung together, it
will either make one up, or collapse altogether (whoops!).
Some minds are a bit more stubborn, though; their inner workings obfuscated by layers of
hurdles and riddles- it’s all very irritating. The work-around for that seems to be going to the

source; needling a real person is both easier and harder than needling a shadow, and in this
case it swings in our favour.
It’s a balance. A delicate one, at that. A gun becomes real in the other world, because the
host mind (or, the shadows attracted to it,) can’t tell it’s fake. The gun’s effectiveness,
meanwhile, increases based on the perception of the invasive mind, since it’s the only one
with access to that knowledge. (That might be a test for later, actually- see if a host can be
tricked into believing a gun or other object is more effective than it really is.)
A clever little system! And, as stated: Annoying. Really annoying. A right pain in the ass. At
least we’ve finally found something of a formula of steps to take for when we hit these
roadblocks, so we’re not taking shots in the dark anymore.
I’m still unclear on whether it’s better or worse for the host mind to know the invader
personally, when it comes to ease of progression. The subject can progress rather easily
through my own manifestation, but it’s likely that’s because I want him to progress. And, even
then, there are some doors he can’t seem to open. ( I’m not sure if- I’ve been- Maybe it’s fine
if they stay locked-)
It’s all a matter of circumstance, probably. And besides, if an unknown invader reaches an
impassable wall in a manifestation, then they’d have to make themselves known in some
capacity to force a change in cognition that lets them pass.
I have to say, though, those Persona things are useful for more than just kicking ass. The
masks they come with remove any of the negative effects from spending too long in the
cognitive world, and they act as a barrier against one’s true identity being perceived by the
Ruler Shadow in a manifestation. Mostly. It looks like a certain degree of familiarity between
a host and invader will remove this benefit.
Every claim I make, I get the urge to test it until it breaks. So does the subject, by the looks of
it. A researcher in the making, that one! ( Futaba also- I wonder if he and Futaba would get
al- Sometimes I- ) Or a detective, maybe.
There’s always more to be done.
The notes end there, dated the first of March, 2014.
A sharp eye cuts across them, searching, and finds nothing of import.
Onto the next, then.
“You ought to be grateful,” Shido says to the next stack notes, handwritten in Isshiki’s messy
scrawl, “That you are useful to me in death. Most do not have the luxury of a legacy.”
No, obscurity is the fate that awaits most.
Not him.

Chapter End Notes

Why hello! fancy seeing you here, one week later
oh, yeah: all those random ass names of Shido's inner circle? Complete coincedence if
they coincide with real names (i'm so sorry if they do lmao), i mish mashed a bunch of
the most common japanese surnames with the most common japanese given names and
called it a day
I'm afraid i don't have an awful lot to say this time. I guess i could lament about the fact
that i've tripped and fallen into The Great Ace Attorney hell? (replaying the duology,
itching to do an illustration, etc, etc,) yeah. send helpSocials! come say hey!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! ah, Judgement... still judgemental
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 5
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: We *could* do this thing. But it's dangerous. And stupid. And Ren will yell at
us. And probably Akechi too and nobody wants that
Sumire: yeah...
Futaba: *And* we could be horribly killedSumire: You've convinced me. no one can yell at us if we die

Chapter 72
Chapter Summary

Gambles and losses.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Makoto does feel a bit bad, calling an infiltration into her sister’s palace only hours after the
thieves’ meeting wrapped up.
She can’t say she’s entirely convinced of their success, as it stands. But what else can they
do?
There is one thing they can do, she thinks. It would only be fair, really. Surely, the best way
for justice to be served is if Akechi simply confessed his crimes once all is said and done.
Makoto thinks it’s likely that she’s the only one who thinks like this.
(Except, there’s a little thought that tickles at the back of her mind: that Akechi taking the fall
isn’t truly the best outcome.
Perhaps because with this new plan, they’ll take out the top brass of the conspiracy in one fell
swoop?
That has to be it.)
She says none of this, as Ann and Akechi arrive at the entrance to the casino. She continues
to say nothing as they quickly make their way back to the central elevator.
“Ann Takamaki and Makoto Niijima?” The shadow at the entrance to the high-limit floor
asks as they arrive, “You may pass.”
Makoto allows her shoulders to relax slightly. That should be the last obstacle they have to
deal with in the real world, she hopes.
At her side, Ann lets out a sigh of relief as the three of them march onward, “Oh, thank god.
If going to that trial was for nothing… no offence Queen, but it was super boring. And your
sister’s really scary.”
Makoto manages a smile at that, “None taken. I get what you mean. It certainly wasn’t the
most thrilling thing in the world.” She thinks she may have actually zoned out for a large
chunk of the whole experience.

“That aside,” Akechi interrupts, deadpan, “Let’s get to playing these games, shall we?”
He gestures to the room, a large open hall -not unlike the foyer Makoto remembers from
Okumura’s palace- that splits off into three paths, excluding the one they just came from.
Giant neon signs hover over two of them, flashing House of Darkness and Coliseum
respectively.
“Where’s that one go?” Ann asks, pointing to the unmarked path that sits above the desk of a
shadow, connected by two twisting staircases.
“That’s the way to the manager’s floor.” Akechi says, voice dropping to something quieter, “I
hope you haven’t lost that second card yet. We’ll need it.”
Ann grins, and quickly fishes it out, “Still got it.”
Akechi jerks his head towards the corridor marked House of Darkness, “Then let’s put it to
use.”
Makoto looks around as they start walking, eyes narrowed, “I wonder where your cognition
is…?”
“Maybe he’s already started on the games?” Ann tilts her head, “I mean, it’s not like he’d
stick around to help us out, right?”
“Doubtful.” Akechi says in agreement, “If we have poor luck, we’ll stumble into it in the
dark.”
There’s some irony, Makoto thinks, to how much Akechi seems to despise this reflection of
himself; especially when it seems tame in comparison to what Haru has had to see, or of the
other thieves that have had to stare down their own mirror images.
(But, not her. Even in her own sister’s palace…)
(What is she looking for, at the end of this?)
They walk through the hall, and find another shadow standing idly behind a desk. Makoto
walks forward, and places her card down. Ann jolts as she does, and hurries to do the same.
“Hello.” Makoto starts, smooth as she can muster, “We’d like to participate in this game, if
possible.”
The shadow nods, picking up the two cards without question, “Of course. Entry is one
thousand coins. Your reward, should you escape the maze, is ten thousand.”
“Great!” Ann smiles broadly, a bit strained, “Uhm, so, where’s the entrance?”
“Right this way, miss.” The shadow bows, and steps out from behind the desk. It strides over
to a set of double doors, opening them with a click. It bows again, and gestures for them to
enter.

Makoto watches Akechi step forward without preamble, and follows with a slight grimace.
She can’t see anything past the entryway. How on earth are they supposed to navigate in this?
As all three of them pass, the doors close behind them with an unassuming thunk.
As expected: pitch black.
Ann coughs. “It’s, uh, dusty. In here.”
Akechi snorts.
Makoto tries not to get turned around, not a metre from the entrance, “…Do either of you
have a way to generate some kind of light?”
“Hecate can!” Ann confirms cheerily, “But, I’d get kinda drained pretty quick.”
“Robin can oblige, as well.” Akechi chimes in, “I suppose we can take turns to conserve
energy.”
Makoto silently curses how little light nuclear magic produces.
“Maybe we should hold hands, too?” Ann pipes up, “Since we’re only gonna be able to make
flashes of light, we don’t want to lose each other or anything.”
…Maybe the darkness is a blessing, Makoto amends, if only for the fact that it hides the
expression she makes at that suggestion.
“How did you get through this place last time?” Makoto quickly asks in Akechi’s general
direction.
“Joker.” Is the flat response, “You know how he has an uncanny knack for pinpointing points
of interest in the Metaverse? That also equates to night vision, apparently.”
Ann groans, unspoken complaint evident.
“…I guess holding hands isn’t the worst thing in the world.” Makoto eventually says.
Akechi sighs, “I suppose not.”
It’s a bit of a struggle, trying to grab onto everyone’s hands in pitch-black darkness.
Eventually, they prevail, and Makoto finds herself in the middle. She tries not to flinch away
from how sharp Akechi’s gauntlets are.
“Sorry.” He says flatly, clearly noticing her discomfort.
“It’s fine.” She grits out, “Where to?”
“Hecate!” Ann calls, and a burst of fire illuminates the hall in a flash, burning into Makoto’s
retina. “Ooh, that way! Was that a split path already? Uh, left or right?”
“Let’s try left.” Makoto suggests, recalling the easiest solution to solve a maze.

“We’re going to have to go through a vent at some point, I recall.” Akechi says as they start
walking forward in a daisy chain, “And be careful. There are shadows in some of these
rooms.”
“How’re we gonna fight them in the dark…?” Makoto can feel Ann shudder.
“With any luck,” Makoto says, aiming for reassuring, “We won’t have to.”
The next segment of the maze is an exercise in patience. Ann and Akechi trade lighting the
place up in flash bombs, imprinting static images of the halls into their minds as they stumble
blindly through the dark. Makoto can never quite tell when they’re making progress, trying to
memorise the shape of each room they pass them.
“I think we’re going in circles.” Makoto eventually declares, as one room looks a little too
familiar.
“Has anyone spotted anything out of place?” Akechi asks.
“No…” Is Ann’s response, “You said it was a vent, right? Can’t you find that with your fancy
navigator powers?”
“I cannot.” Akechi says tightly, “Robin isn’t a full navigator. I can’t visualise anything quite
as complex as Oracle can. Especially in the dark like this.”
Makoto hums out an acknowledgement, and squints, hoping that her extended time in the
dark will have allowed her eyes to adapt. No such luck- squinting only makes her vision go
spotty as her brain deigns to remember the bright lights intermittently burned prior, and not
any of the actual geometry to go along with it.
“Can you sense any shadows?” Makoto asks.
Akechi shifts slightly, “Yes. They’re… in the general vicinity, but we haven’t gotten too close
to them.”
“So they’re outside of the loop we’re in.” Makoto deduces. “Can we try and skirt along the
walls to head towards them?”
“We could.” Akechi agrees, “I assume that would be our exit. But, be warned, I don’t think
they experience drawbacks from the dark like we do. And knowing their vague location
won’t do us much good if we trip into a fight.”
“We’ll have to make do.” Makoto decides, “It’s take the risk, or run in circles forever.”
“We’ll be fine!” Ann says, suddenly optimistic, already marching forward and tugging them
along, bumping them all against the left wall, “And between the three of us we have plenty of
healing to go around.” She adds.
Makoto is grateful that they’ve started actually putting thought into how they move forward,
because they make quick progress in the form of Akechi stubbing his toe on the edge of a
vent as they skirt along the wall.

“ Ow. ” Akechi hisses, “ Fucking- this way. Can one of you get the cover off?”
Given that both of Makoto’s hands are currently occupied, it’s Ann that she feels kneel down
and start prying the cover of the vent off. Some grunts of exertion and cursing later, there’s a
metallic clang, and a cheer from Ann.
“Got it!” She sings, “Uhh, single file?”
Akechi goes first, followed by Makoto, then Ann, as they all tentatively let go of each other’s
hands and start crawling their way through the vent- Akechi calling out incoming turns as he
reaches them.
They eventually reemerge, tumbling onto the floor. In this new hallway, Makoto can see dim
lights emitting from- something, far too distant and dull to illuminate anything of substance.
“Careful.” Akechi warns, voice low, “Shadows are nearby. I can’t tell where they are
exactly.”
They blindly reattach their chain of holding hands -Makoto somehow ending up in the middle
again- and start inching forward once more, sticking close to the wall.
Ann’s sudden scream is what alerts Makoto that there’s anything amiss at all, followed by a
sharp tug on the hand that Ann is holding, pulled so fast that Makoto loses her balance and
tumbles to the floor.
“ Shit! ” Akechi swears, landing at her side, “Kougaon!”
The room is a bright, still, image for a fraction of a second. Those dull lights that Makoto had
spotted in the distance suddenly form eyes, attached to tusks and glittering jewellery, andelephant’s trunks?
“There’s two of them!” Akechi calls out.
“Hecate!” Ann shouts, fire erupting in another flash. The shadows are silent, giving no
indication if the attack hit or missed.
Makoto throws her own attack into the ring with a call for Johanna, nuclear energy burning
forward with a dull glow. She grimaces, as her accuracy is also a mystery. At least, she knows
that she hasn’t hit either of her teammates.
“Megidolaon!” Is Akechi’s next cry, and Makoto hisses from the shockwave that washes over
her, prickling and stinging. “We’re hitting them!” He confirms, “Let’s finish this quick.”
There’s another scream from Ann, and a flash of what looks like blades. “Any weaknesses?”
She chokes out, voice wobbly from pain.
Whatever Akechi was going to respond with is cut off with a hiss and another spark of steel,
which Makoto can only take as a ‘no’.
Brute force it is. She can work with that.

“You could run too, you know.” Akechi’s voice says- except, no, it’s too“You could help. ” The real Akechi’s voice snaps back.
“I could.” The cognition’s voice rings out as there’s another flash of light, of fire, somewhere
further down the hall. “But, again, running is a valid option.”
“ Johanna! ” Makoto shouts, casting more nuclear energy in the direction of the shadows,
“What, so we can just run into the walls? ”
“I suppose that’s true.” The cognition says, the vocal equivalent of a shrug, far too calm over
the sound of more whistling steel, “But, I think you’ve almost got them, actually.”
In one more burst of fire, the hall goes quiet.
“…Anyone need any healing?” Ann says weakly, after a beat.
“Mediarama.” Makoto mutters, and feels her own scrapes knit back together as she hears the
other two hum in thanks.
“There’s another shadow further down the hall, by the way.” The cognition says.
“I noticed.” Akechi spits out.
“Hi, Akechi-kun.” Ann says, somewhere to Makoto’s left, with far less enthusiasm than she
usually manages to muster for the cognition. “We thought you might be in here somewhere.”
“Here I am.” The cognition agrees.
“You seem to be doing just fine in the dark.” Makoto says, snappy.
She hears the cognition walk a bit closer, “Oh, I can’t see a thing.” He laughs, “But dodging
the shadows isn’t too difficult. They glow a bit, you see?”
“Uh, not really.” Ann says awkwardly. Makoto feels Ann’s gloved hand clumsily bat at her
shoulder, and she grabs it.
“Their eyes, you mean?” Makoto asks, and scoffs, “I suppose if you live here that may be
immediately obvious.”
There’s a pause, “I suppose I do live here, don’t I?”
Makoto feels a poke at her other shoulder, much sharper than Ann’s glove, “Try not to give
the thing an existential crisis.” Akechi says under his breath.
“Let’s just get out of here.” Makoto says around her teeth.
“The way out is just this way, I believe.” The cognition interrupts, “If you’re quiet, you can
avoid another fight.”

As much as it pains Makoto, and as much as she’s sure it pains the other two, as well, they
heed the cognition’s advice; pushing up against the walls, flush as they can, holding their
breaths as they pass another set of two pinprick lights, marching up and down the hall.
The cognition lets out a pleased hum, before there’s a small creak, and a pillar of light, as he
cracks open a door.
Ann is the first to stagger out into the light, collapsing to the ground against the wall with a
relieved groan.
Congratulations! A sign flashes near the door, 10,000 coins have been added to winning
cards.
“That sucked. ” Ann whines, “It wasn’t even that bad, just annoying. ”
“Well, we never have to do it again.” Akechi says primly, marching towards the exit, glare
fixed on his double, “We ought to get going.”
“Are you headed to the arena?” The cognition asks pleasantly.
“We’re making a pitstop first.” Makoto says, both because it’s true and just to be a contrarian.
Akechi nods, “Right…” He jerks his head towards the shadow sitting behind the counter in
the main lobby as they leave the house of darkness’ corridor, “You can manage your coins
there.” He says quietly to Ann, “Loan out the maximum that you can.”
“Should I, as well?” Makoto asks, fishing out her own card.
Akechi shakes his head, “No need. And I’m sure that Sae-san’s shadow would be keeping a
closer eye on a card with her sister’s name on it. We should avoid arousing any unwanted
suspicion.”
Makoto concedes the point.
(And ignores that little thread of pride, or desperation, of the idea that her sister might
actually care that she’s present, even if it’s to their detriment, she-)
She waits patiently for Ann to return after she skips off to the centre of the lobby. She does,
quite quickly, ten thousand coins richer.
***
The entrance to the coliseum is somewhat anticlimactic. There isn’t all that much difference
between it and any other foyer they’ve encountered, save for the excited murmurs of a few
cognitions standing around.
Akechi eyes the shadow standing at the ticket booth. “Do you have the card ready?” He
murmurs to Ann.
“Yep!” Ann hurriedly fishes it out, “So, what, we have to go all in on both cards?”

Makoto nods, and turns to Akechi, “What should we expect in the arena?”
Akechi frowns, “Ah. About that-”
“Only one person can enter.” The cognition interrupts, hand placed on his chin as he looks at
a poster explaining the rules, “It seems that competitors must face a series of one-on-one
battles.”
“Not quite.” Akechi interrupts with a scoff, “Only one of us can enter, but rest assured: they
won’t be throwing in shadows one at a time.”
“Great…” Ann groans. “So one of us has to throw ourselves into the fray while everyone just
has to sit and watch.”
“Am I correct in assuming that it was Joker that fought in the arena, last time?” Makoto asks.
“You’d be right.” Akechi nods. “Though from memory, the shadows that we’ll encounter can
be rather easily felled by my own personas.”
“Sooo, you’ll do it?” Ann tilts her head.
Akechi shrugs, “Unless you’d like to volunteer?”
Makoto considers this. Logically, having Akechi fight is the best option. Ann, while
powerful, can only wield one element- no physical skills to speak of. If any of the shadows
she would face have some kind of resistance to fire, she’d be in a tight spot.
Makoto, meanwhile, isn’t quite built for pure offence to begin with. She knows, objectively,
that she’s a valuable asset to the team. But she’s sure that alone, she’d struggle to put much of
Johanna’s more supportive repertoire to use.
(She wishes, she wishes she could fight. Do something. Prove a point. Logic be damned, why
is she even here if she can’t get her sister to see- )
“No complaints here.” Makoto lies.
“Before that,” The cognition interrupts again, “I’d like to fight first, if you don’t mind.”
Ann cocks her head to the side, “You don’t wanna sit back and just bet on our fight?”
The cognition chuckles, “That would hardly be fair, wouldn’t it? And besides, it’s no fun if
my ticket to the next floor is handed to me on a silver platter.”
Akechi scoffs, “And what’s stopping us from betting on you? ”
The cognition smiles, “Nothing at all, I suppose.”
Makoto narrows her eyes.

The cognition walks off without another word, engaging himself with the shadow behind the
ticket booth. Some conversation is exchanged, out of Makoto’s earshot, and the cognition
gives them a wave as he disappears towards the arena.
The next battle begins in ten minutes, An announcement declares over a loudspeaker, Please
proceed to the seating area.
Ann looks at the card in her hands, “…Should we bet on him? He’s probably going to win,
right?”
Akechi hums, neither a confirmation nor a denial.
Makoto bites her lip, “…Let’s hold off.” When Ann gives her a questioning look, she
continues, “He’s an unknown factor in all this. I don’t trust him.”
Akechi gives her a look, “But you do trust me? ”
“I trust your skill.” Makoto snipes.
Akechi snorts, and for a moment the exchange almost feels friendly.
Ann claps her hands together, and the feeling evaporates, “So, should we get some seats!
Ooh, maybe if we’re quick we can get some in the front row!”
Makoto smiles, a bit exasperated, as Ann skips off to the seating area.
“A seat close to the front could be good.” Akechi mumbles, seemingly to himself.
“To analyse the fight?” Makoto asks.
Akechi’s eyes snap to her, and he nods, “We won’t be surprised when it’s our turn, at least.”
Makoto nods as well, and starts trailing after Ann. Ann is already sitting down, having indeed
snagged a full row of front-row seats. She spots them, and pats the spots beside her.
They all sit, and wait, as the lights in the arena dim. There’s a performative drumroll, and the
murmurs and whispers from the audience come to an abrupt halt.
The cognition takes an indulgent bow as he enters the ring, to a cocktail of excited cheers and
heckling. The cognition just waves it off, smiling airily at the mixed response.
“He seems confident.” Ann comments, her mask discarded to the chair beside her, resting her
chin against her hand.
“Considering how easily he’s breezed past the rest of this place; you could argue he has every
reason to be.” Makoto points out.
Akechi hums, “Let’s see if that holds out.”

Makoto thinks it should. Her sister’s interpretation of Akechi has seemed quite consistent, all
this time.
“And it’s that time again, folks!” The announcer suddenly calls, “You all know him by now:
introducing, Goro Akechi!”
Cheers erupt again, louder this time. A small, confused, frown passes the cognition’s face at
the announcement, before he straightens up and takes another bow; arms spread wide, half a
curtsy.
“’ Again ’?” Ann mutters.
“Let’s see if he can finally take a hint, making his way up where he doesn’t belong,” The
announcer laughs, “Starting round one!”
Two shadows burst into existence in a splash of black and red. Bluish-grey bipedal elephants,
adorned in gold. They leer forward, the cognition regarding them coolly.
Makoto remembers the shape of the shadows- remembers the flashes of their silhouettes she
managed to glimpse between the explosions of fire and light from Ann and Akechi,
respectively.
Given that their solution was brute force, she hopes, for his sake, that the cognition is
stronger than he looks.
“Fight!”
The two shadows lunge forward at once, the cognition skittering back by a hair. In one
smooth movement, he reaches into the side of his boot and frees and knife, throwing it,
centre-mass, into one of the two shadows.
The shadow seems largely unaffected, the knife barely making a cut before glancing off it’s
hide.
“Resistant to physical.” Akechi observes under his breath.
“These are the guys we fought, right?” Ann kicks her legs back and forth.
Akechi hums, “They are.”
Makoto bites the inside of her cheek as the cognition dances around the shadows. Avoiding
damage, but not inflicting much of anything, either.
Is this just going to be a battle of attrition? Can the cognition even win that?
“Oh, look at that! Mr. Akechi seems to be in a bit of a bind, folks!” The announcer cackles
with glee, “How will he be worming his way out of this one?”
There’s a cut-off shout of pain, as the cognition is finally caught in one of the shadow’s
attacks- a whirlwind of summoned blades that shred the fabric of the cognition’s clothes,

blood welling up underneath. The grind of his jaw is visible from the other side of the arena,
as he pulls himself back up.
The other shadow shifts its stance, clearly about to attack. The cognition’s eyes widen, and he
skids low, ducking behind the other shadow as more blades are unleashed, the shadow being
used as a shield shrieking in fury as it bears the brunt of the damage, significantly weakened.
“Nice!” Ann claps, jumping out of her seat, as the rest of the audience erupts in a mixture of
cheers and groans.
“Is that the only way he can attack?” Makoto mutters with a frown, “Knives and
redirection?”
“Trickery gets you far, in this place.” Akechi points out.
Makoto’s frown deepens.
The cognition grins at having gained something of an upper hand, leaping onto the back of
the weakened shadow, limbs rigid as he fights not to get thrown off.
The shadow staggers forward, overbalanced, and the cognition drives one of his knives into
its neck, tearing it back out with a burst of black smoke and blood, the shadow dissipating
before it hits the ground.
The other shadow lets out a croak of surprise, stumbling back. The cognition barely lands on
the ground before he springs back up again, landing a kick to one of the shadows legs before
reaching up, then down, dragging his knife from shoulder to hip. Smoke erupts from the
wound, and that shadow, too, falls.
“Well, would you look at that, folks!” The announcer shouts, voice a bit tight, “ Mr. Akechi
has cleared round one! Let’s see if he can beat his record.”
The cognition’s expression, again, falters at the wording. He quickly grins, spinning the
blood-splattered knife in his hands- a true showman.
“Is it just me?” Ann asks, frowning, “Or are they acting like he’s been here before?”
“He said he’s never been to this floor…” Makoto points out, not quite disagreeing.
“Is everyone ready!” The announcer cheers, “Round two begins: now!”
Three shadows burst to life, this time. Witch-like, their lower bodies clattering like wind
chimes, their black hair long and matted, with long knife-like fingers; they cackle and leer as
the cognition’s shoulders tense.
The fight begins again in a frenzy, a certain carefully masked desperation seeping into the
cognition’s movements, dodging the slashes and fire that sears across the arena.
But, still, he’s doing something. The shadows are hit by their own fire as the cognition
dodges as weaves, never pausing to throw his own knives.

Maybe, Makoto thinks, Maybe they’ve wasted their time.
Maybe they should have just sucked it up, and bet on the cognition. Why didn’t they? Pride?
A lack of trust? Her sister clearly thinks that Akechi is infallible, so why even botherThe cognition stumbles,
A choked, cut-off gasp. A shriek of laughter. A whistle of steel, a crunch,
One of the shadows’ long fingers, sharp as knives, slices across the cognition’s throat.
Another stabs into his stomach, the third dragging across his back, lifting him off the ground
with the force,
The shadows tear away, and the cognition is thrown to the ground. A twitchHe doesn’t move.
Half the crowd erupts in cheers as the shadows dissipate calmly, their enemy dead.
“Well, there it is!” The announcer drawls with sick delight, “He never learns, does he!” A
bark of laughter, “Don’t fret, everyone that bet on the underdog! He’s sure to be back within
the week!”
“Oh.” Makoto says, quietly.
***
Ann, unsurprisingly, is the most upset by the display.
Makoto, beyond the initial shock, can only feel distantly horrified. She can’t quite look
Akechi in the eye, she finds.
(you died, in another life, She is reminded, did you look like that? body bent and eyes dull?)
Akechi himself doesn’t seem to care. But Makoto can never quite tell with him.
They stand in uncomfortable silence outside the arena, idle gossip about the last match being
chirped here and there as cognitions fade in and out, their only purpose to serve as an
audience.
“…Shall we make our bet, then?” Akechi eventually asks.
Ann startles, “What? Oh.” She bites her lip, “Yeah, just…”
“It wasn’t real, you know.” Akechi says icily.
Ann scowls, “I know. ”
(does seeing your own corpse not bother you? A part of Makoto wants to ask. She, perhaps
wisely, keeps her mouth shut.)

Ann huffs, “Just- I wonder if we went back down a floor we’d find him wandering around
again.”
Makoto sighs, “That… was the implication.” She squares her shoulders, “But, that’s not
really important. Crow is right- he wasn’t real. We’re should consider ourselves lucky that we
weren’t betting on him.”
Ann’s scowl returns in full force, “Seriously? That’s it?”
“Looking for a new roommate?” Akechi asks, bland.
“No!” Ann snaps, “Just- ugh, I get he wasn’t real, guys! But, do you know how gross it was,
to see how Haru’s dad thought of her? How Madarame thought of Yusuke? It’s messed up!
And I didn’t have to see those guys get very realistically skewered with knives!”
Akechi scoffs, “Feel how you like, but we can hardly stand here all day.”
Ann deflates at that, “…Fine.” She presses her lips together, “So, you’ll just… fight and win,
I guess?”
The reminder itches.
The reminder stings, actually,
(So, what? Akechi gets his moment, to proves to Makoto’s sister that he’s worth more than
she had initially perceived? That he’s better, stronger, truly above the house of cards that Sae
has constructed in her mind?
Makoto isn’t even here. It’s a hurdle she can’t leap. Sae thinks so little of her that she can’t
even muster up a stray thought to construct some mirror-doll that Makoto knows would be all
wrong, and she’d hate it so much butWhy does he get to be the one to win?
Makoto wants-)
“Let me fight.” She blurts.
Ann and Akechi look at her like she’s grown a second head.
“Uh, Queen,” Ann starts, slowly, and god , not her too , “I’m not sure that’s…”
“It’s a stupid idea.” Akechi interrupts. Makoto almost appreciates the complete lack of tact.
“Let me do it.” She insists, more firmly this time, “I’m a bit hardier than a cognition, and I
can heal myself. I have an even spread of offensive and defensive skills. I’m perfectly suited
to this.”
“And I have multiple personas.” Akechi rolls his eyes, “If we’re looking for our best odds,
then I think it’s clear-”

“ Let me fight. ” Makoto almost snarls.
Akechi glares. Ann worries her lips between her teeth.
Makoto stands her ground.
***
They let her fight.
Fear is etched into every line of Ann’s face. Akechi seems to have run out of any possible
care for the situation, entirely disinterested as Makoto marches up to the ticket booth and
places her card down with too much force and a fierce scowl.
“Makoto Niijima?” The shadow asks, curious, “Ah, the manager’s sister. You wish to fight in
our arena?”
“Yes.” Makoto spits, fists clenched.
The shadow explains the rules, bland. Makoto doesn’t bother listening. She knows they won’t
be followed.
She doesn’t look at either of her teammates as she stiffly enters the waiting room, ushered in
by another shadow. She sees in the corner of her eye, Ann scrambling up to the ticket counter
to place her own bet, Akechi lazily trailing behind.
( Are you ready? Johanna asks in her mind, no judgement, no concern,
Of course. Makoto responds
Johanna laughs, at the audacity needed to lie to the face of oneself.)
It’s barely ten minutes before Makoto is being ushered out again, with hasty and insincere
wishes of luck. Stepping out into the ground floor of the coliseum is blinding, with stadium
lights pointing inwards from every direction; Makoto has to shield her eyes, glaring at the
gravel as she makes her way centre stage.
“Well, well, well!” The announcer crows, over the sound of the audiences’ heckling and
cheers, “Another contender so soon! It’s your lucky day, everyone! And- is that the manager’s
sister?”
Makoto grinds her jaw. They recognise you, they all do, she thinks about you, she cares, she
has toThe announcer laughs, “Let’s cut to the chase, folks!”
A buzzer, a bubbling of oil-black sludge on the ground,
And so, round one begins, same as the last. A pair of shadows; even more towering up close,
outside of the dark and cramped hallways.

Good.
The power of hindsight, or foresight -either one- will carry her through this. This, she is good
at. Strategy and memorisation.
Resistant to physical, She recites, No resistance to nuclear skills.
“Johanna!” She makes the first move, swinging her leg over the seat that manifests beneath
her and rushing forward, “Mafreila!”
The shadows stagger, and she’s peeling away before one of their heavy hands can come
crashing into her with their swords. She feels the ground shake from where the weapon lands
instead, gritting her teeth as she doesn’t dare let Johanna dissipate.
“You’re- -- them. A few- -- hits- -- do it.” A voice crackles in her head, incomplete and
distant.
She makes eye contact with Akechi, through the gaps in the linked fence across the arena. A
navigator, Makoto remembers, this particular facet of the skill less developed than Futaba’s,
marred by disuse and distance.
She shuts out the connection, not caring about the sharp stab of pain that lances through her
head as she does. She doesn’t need his help.
She gasps, as the short distraction costs her; a whirl of silver slicing once, twice, three times
into her skin. Her muscles tense, her hands gripping the handlebars even tighter and she
doesn’t let go“Ms. Niijima is proving a bit tougher than our last competitor, folks!” The announcer laughs,
and god, Makoto forgot about him, “Let’s see if that holds out!”
“Marakukaja…” Makoto hisses between her teeth, her skin toughening with a purple sheen.
She breathes, and thinks,
Her strongest abilities can only hit in a small range. A battle of attrition is what felled the
cognition before her- falling into the same trap by playing it safe will do her no good.
She swerves, and weaves, as the shadows unleash their attacks again, scraping against the
ground in plumes of dust. She presses herself low, and threads the needle between the two of
them, lips pulling wide in satisfaction as the shadows take the bait, bashing against each other
as they try to bludgeon against where Makoto was just a second ago.
“Johanna!” She calls, and the motorcycle pulses, “Freidyne!”
There’s no time for either shadow to stagger back as they’re hit with the full force of the
powerful nuclear attack. Makoto presses the advantage, charging forward and spinning her
bike so that she’s nearly parallel with the ground, battering against the still-reeling shadows.

They shriek, and with another loop, Makoto spinning so fast she feels dizzy, they burst into
dust.
The crowd erupts, and she fights the urge to slump against Johanna, her heart thudding in her
head so hard she thinks her brain might jostle out of place.
“Ms. Niijima’s got some fight in her!” The announcer jeers, and Makoto thinks they should
kill him later, “Round two begins: now!”
Again, the shadows that burst to life are the same as before. A trio of dancing windchimes,
knife fingers catching the light.
Keep your distance, Makoto assesses, quickly jamming down the pedal to loosely circle the
shadows, don’t give them an opportunity.
These shadows are much quicker than the first set. Makoto doesn’t trust her last gambit to
work a second time, the promise of blades cutting phantom pains into where she’s already
been hit.
(She doesn’t need to heal, not yet. Stamina is a limited resource. Better to save it for-)
“Mafreila!” She calls.
The shadows shriek- no resistance to nuclear, but no weakness, either. The cognition had
never used his knives for Makoto to know, only ever dodging the curses and fire sent his way,
dying too quickly to everMakoto takes a gamble, breaking her circle to tighten the loop, charging the shadows down to
try and catch them under-wheel.
She clips one on the side, and screams out, as the force she had hit it with is repelled back,
sending her flying from Johanna and halfway across the arena.
“Ooh, that’s gotta hurt!” The announcer says with faux sympathy, “Is the second round too
much of a hurdle for Ms. Niijima, too?”
“Johanna…” Makoto breathes out, scrambling to her feet and to her mask. She yelps as she
barely dodges a wave of curse magic by a hair, wasting no time in swinging her legs back
over her persona and taking off.
Nuclear it is.
She finds a rhythm. She’d love to make this move faster, but half her offensive skills are now
useless to her, and her new set of cuts and scrapes make her hesitate over the gun at her hip.
The endless cackling from the shadows, even as they endure wave after wave of nuclear
energy, gives her the feeling that bullets will repel much the same.
This is taking too long; she thinks as a knife-hand swings too close“Freidyne!” She shouts, and one shadow screams, turned to smoke.

Perfect.
She casts it again, and again, and all three shadows are gone.
(Should she heal? No, no, she can’t waste stamina, not now, before she knows what’s to
come.)
What’s next? She thinks viciously, afraid and taunting and gloating all in one.
***
Makoto, to her credit, isn’t doing horribly.
Akechi doesn’t particular care for whatever score she seems to be settling, nor for the chip on
her shoulder that convinced her to bat away the small olive branch Akechi had sent her way
in the form of trying to help .
But, so long as she wins, he can’t complain.
The second round finishes with shreds of shadow fluttering away, Makoto half-slumped
against her persona. The announcer cheers something inane, as the crowd erupts- split down
the middle, as ever.
“That’s one step further than our last competitor!” The announcer says with malicious
humour, “Can Ms. Niijima take it all the way?”
“She’d better…” Ann mutters at Akechi’s side. She’s looked close to throwing up for the
majority of Makoto’s scuffle in the ring.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “She’s not made of straw, you know.”
“I know. ” Ann mutters, a broken record, “But none of us are invincible, either.”
(Akechi knows that quite well.)
“I just wish we could help .” Ann grits.
Akechi had tried. “Let’s not antagonise the casino staff, shall we?”
Ann’s huff of laughter turns into a choked gasp as the next shadow bursts into the ring.
A towering giant, vaguely remembered through time, plated in steel and gold, carrying a
winged hammer aloft to the sky.
Akechi feels Loki growl in his chest.
Makoto is quick to take off on Johanna again, back wheel kicking out as she accelerates. The
shadow pays her little mind, raising its hammer even higher with red glow, the power of its
presence pulsing and growing.

The shadow brings the hammer down, the shockwave sending Makoto spinning out, barely
able to right herself before she falls.
Akechi knows why she hasn’t stopped to healed herself. If the last round proved anything, it’s
that carelessly exhausting herself out of being able to properly use her persona could be a
death sentence.
But exhaustion can come from more than one place in the Metaverse. Judging by Makoto’s
laboured breaths and unhealthy flush, visible even from across the arena, she’s at the point
where wasting a bit of time and energy to stop herself from actively bleeding out is a worthy
investment.
And still, she doesn’t. Perhaps it’s the surprisingly quick movements of the towering shadow
that light a fire of urgency behind her, no time to pause as she ducks and dives and shreds
through the dust, only releasing one hand from the handlebars for a second to tug away her
mask.
“Freidyne!” Akechi hears her shout, the nuclear energy warping around the shadow and
staggering it with a burst.
No resistance. Robin informs him, for all the use that does when Makoto has decided to shut
him out, But still a long way to go.
Akechi narrows his eyes, and wonders if Makoto has the energy to last- healing or otherwise.
He will be very irritated if she doesn’t.
Ann tenses even further somehow as Makoto dodges another hammer strike. “She looks
tired…”
Akechi doesn’t bother offering a response.
Makoto skids Johanna in a tight circle, ramming her wheels against the shadow’s legs. The
shadow staggers slightly from the force, but rights itself, barely damaged. It laughs, and
raises its hammer to the sky.
Akechi smells the ozone before he sees it.
A facsimile of storm clouds gather, swirling above the arena, crackling- light flashing once,
twice, flickering,
Lighting crashes, faster than Makoto could ever hope to move, and she screams as she’s
thrown to the ground.
Ann moves before Akechi can tell her to think better of it.
“Hecate!” She shouts, mask burning away in blue shards, reaching her fingers between the
chain link fence that separates them from the arena and pulling, metal sloughing away from
the searing heat that pulses in waves from fire, fire, fire,

She dives through the gap the second it’s big enough, her persona shifting but not dissipating.
“Agidyne!” She calls, summoning fire that burns so hot that it flickers blue, the shadow
growling and shifting its attention.
Akechi feels Loki thrash againFIGHT, DAMNIT! LET ME KILL HIM“ Fine. ” Akechi snarls, vaulting through the gap that Ann has made, hissing away from the
lava-hot metal as he brushes by. He feels Loki burst from his skin without command,
Laevateinn cleaving through shadow ( Thor, something tells him ) and burying itself in the
ground in one smooth motion.
Makoto looks furious. Akechi can barely restrain himself from rolling his eyes.
“ You- ” She seethes, and bites her words off, “ Freidyne! ”
And the shadow collapses to dust.
A buzzer sounds.
“Now that’s something!” The announcer cries, delighted, “That looks like a foul to me, folks.
That’s an automatic disqualification!”
The crowd cheers and groans, and Akechi grits his teeth, barely stopping himself from
glaring at either of his two teammates.
“If a foul is an automatic disqualification, then you broke the rules first!” Makoto shouts, up,
to the invisible shadow running the show.
There’s a pause in the crowd’s revelry.
Oh, Akechi thinks. So that’s how they’re playing this.
“The rules clearly state that the battle arena is a series of one-on-one battles!” She continues,
hauling herself to her feet, “If this counts as a foul, then the house should have been
penalised the second the first round began!”
The crowd whispers, considering. The announcer chuckles awkwardly, “Uh, well… ”
“How about you let the manager decide?” Akechi interjects in a drawl before the announcer
can manifest an excuse, hoping this gamble pays off, “Surely she is the arbiter of any grey
areas in this casino?”
Another pause.
“We’ll get right back to you, folks!” The announcer suddenly calls out, some shuffling over
the loudspeaker.

The crowd’s whispering grows more intense, and Akechi holds his breath.
There’s a short, piercing whine as the announcer sighs, “The manager… has decided that the
competitor Makoto Niijima raises an excellent point, and that all bets placed on her will be
considered winning bets.”
Half the crowd roars with delight, (presumably, the half that bet on Makoto) and Ann pumps
her fist and whoops.
“The manager would also like to add,” The announcer interrupts sharply, “That the visitors
to her fair casino ought to learn how to play by the rules.”
A threat. Give and take. A trade, for mercy.
Akechi isn’t surprised.
“…We’ll keep that in mind.” Makoto says tightly.
***
They call it a night.
“Remind me why the fuck you thought this was a good idea?” Akechi snaps as they reach the
entrance.
Makoto’s frustrated glare twists into a proper snarl, “Oh, give me a break. ”
“Give you a break?” Akechi scoffs, “We don’t have to be here.”
“Okay, cool it,” Ann cuts in, looking tired, “Let’s just-”
“No.” Akechi shoots her a glare, and then back to Makoto, “Why are we here, Niijima? What
are you looking for?”
Makoto marches forward, “You agreed to help me-”
“I agreed to help you look. ” Akechi sneers, “And we’re still here. You’re scrounging for
answers when you barely have a question.”
In the corner of his eye, Ann throws her hands up and starts pacing.
“Sorry, if looking for answers about my sister is too broad for you.” Makoto grits.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I’d believe that, if you had actually been satisfying that curiosity ,
rather than playing at satisfying that complex of yours-”
“Fuck you.” Makoto spits, “If you don’t want to be here then get out! I’m so sick of
everything being about you. ”
“You’re the only person here making it about me, Niijima-”

“Could you both shut up?” Ann hisses.
They shut up.
“I’m getting a headache…” She mutters, and digs her palms into her eyes, “Just -sorry,
Makoto- why are we here? ‘Cause from my end all we’ve done is watch some weird mirrorcopy of him, ” She jerks her head to Akechi, “Get killed, and then had to watch you, ” She
turns to Makoto, “Nearly get turned to paste! Sometimes you’ve gotta call it quits, Mako!”
“You’re taking his side?” Makoto sounds genuinely hurt.
“I’m not saying he’s not being a dick.” Ann rolls her eyes, and Akechi scowls, “But, like, are
you trying to change your sister’s heart?”
Makoto gives a pained grimace, “No.”
“Then what?” Ann pushes, far kinder than Akechi thinks she should bother being.
Makoto’s expression twists further, as she thinks. “Her shadow.” She eventually says. “I want
to talk to her shadow. I want-” She shakes her head, “She’s been making herself scarce this
whole time. But she’ll have to show herself once we reach the manager’s floor, right? And
we have everything we need.”
“We haven’t duplicated our coins.” Akechi says mildly.
Makoto rolls her eyes, “And that’ll take, what? A minute? Two?”
Akechi clicks his tongue, “Whatever. But consider this, Niijima: by Tuesday, we’ll have
another mission on our hands.”
Makoto presses her lips together, something unsaid in the furrow of her brow.
(Akechi idly wonders if Makoto can see the far easier path beyond Ren and Sumire’s
convoluted nonsense. He wonders if she thinks it would be fair.
He finds he doesn’t particularly care.)
“I hope you really do have questions for Sae-san,” He continues, clipped, “Because tomorrow
is the last feasible time you’ll have to ask them.”
“Then we’re coming back here tomorrow.” Makoto says.
Akechi shrugs, “Suit yourself.”
Ann’s shoulders slump, worrying her lip between her teeth. “…Tomorrow, then.”
***
“If you wanted to prove yourself,” Akechi says to Makoto as she begins to leave, out of
Ann’s earshot, “Then you could have challenged me, instead of pitting yourself against a

weak imitation.”
Makoto bares her teeth, “I’ll keep that in mind.”
The Priestess, naturally, grows to its sixth rank.

Chapter End Notes

loooong palace chapter. and we're down a cogntion. ohhhhh nooooo guess i'll have to
add another oneI think this is the most singular-focused chapter we've had in a while. Or maybe at all.
fhdskfhsd we will be back to our regularly scheduled programming of all the *other*
thieves making poor desicions next chapter
Socials! come say hello!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! hey, another Priestess rank up!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 6
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 5
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Makoto: This pitch-black darkness is awful.

Akechi: [stubs his toe] ow- FUCK
Makoto: Maybe it isn't so bad actually

Chapter 73
Chapter Summary

Bad decisions and probing conversations.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi can’t really be bothered to organise the events of today into neat little folders. Instead,
he calls it a lost cause once he hits the mid-morning in his recount, and dumps it all into a
messy pile of bland apathy.
From Ren’s persistence, to whatever Makoto’s problem is, to the thing that wears his own
face, Akechi can’t bring himself to care.
It makes sense, in hindsight. The fact that the card under his name has been registered for
three years, coupled with the fact that the cognition had apparently only just amassed the
required number of coins to move up a floor- it didn’t quite line up. Surely, with how above it
all the thing seemed; it would have won enough coins a thousand times over in that time.
A quick climb to the top, practically unimpeded, running laps around Casino Security and
rules, only to be shredded by the arena, over and over. A loop, retroactively established.
What is it that Sae thinks of him, really?
The note the that the Moon sings when strummed is a tad too sharp.
Another thing to not waste time on.
“So…” Ann speaks up, as they wander through the top layer of Mementos on their way back
to her apartment, “Are you…?” She trails off awkwardly, before sighing performatively, “I’m
beat.”
“It was a long palace infiltration.” Akechi says mildly.
Ann snorts, “Don’t I know it.” She skips slightly as they walk, scuffing her shoes against the
ground, and frowns, “I’m glad that we’re finished with that arena.”
Akechi hums.
“Seriously,” Ann continues, half to herself, “It was… I really thought your cognition was
gonna win, y’know?”

Akechi had thought so, too.
He’s honestly glad that thing died. Not that it’s permanent.
He“Do you really not care at all?” Ann asks, turning to him with an unreadable expression.
Akechi shrugs, “Why would I?”
Ann gives him a sharper look, and waves her hands, “Well, it’s-! You! It looked just like you,
and he…”
She bites her lip.
“How did you die?” She asks.
Akechi stares at her.
“It’s hazy.” He eventually says.
Ann waits.
“I was shot, I think.” He continues, slowly, “There was a door- one of those watertight
shutters. I can’t remember much after it closed, but it would have been the gun that did me in,
probably. Or the shadows tore me apart.”
“Who other than us had a gun in the Metaverse?” Ann questions, quiet.
“Only the thing wearing my face.” Akechi says.
Ann presses her lips together, “Oh.” She gives a strained laugh, “You have real shit luck with
cognitions, huh?” She fidgets, “Is that why you didn’t care that the one in Niijima-san’s
palace died like that?”
“No.” Akechi says simply, “I just didn’t like it.”
“Oh.” Ann’s face twists. She takes a sharp breath, “Hey, Akechi-kun, are you-?”
Akechi raises an eyebrow as she cuts herself off.
Ann quickly shakes her head, “Um, nevermind. Uh,” She gives a forced laugh, “So, how are
you feeling about this new plan? I’m kind’ve excited, honestly. Even if it means we have to
do, like, three or four palaces in a month.”
“You’re optimistic.” Akechi observes.
“Well, yeah,” She laughs, “Like, what else are we supposed to do?”
Akechi has a few ideas. He’s sure Makoto does, too. If she were still here, he’d probably try
and pick a fight.

(But, there’s that hesitance, too.
That memory: of that desperate hope he usually sees in Sumire’s eyes. Of that despondence
in Ren’s face, swapped for roguish confidence and so, so, Joker that it makes Akechi’s
stomach hurt.
Months earlier, he had tentatively let himself think of something he’d like to do next year.
When Haru and Sumire had barged their way into his carefully constructed house of cards
with all the force of a freight train.
That spark of maybe, maybe I could, had dissolved, inch by inch, as the pressure got tighter,
swords lowered closer. It had crumbled entirely when he looked at everything he had
amassed, the kindling that he had thought could start a wildfire, and thought: this will not be
enough.
Something reignited, when Ren asked him, begged him, to try . Akechi isn’t quite sure what
to do with it.)
Maybe spiteful resentment is the only thing that is keeping his drive pinned down. There’s
some irony there, he thinks.
“I’m not sure.” He finally says to Ann’s question.
She laughs, bright, and elbows him playfully, “See? If you think of anything better, then I’m
all ears.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I’ll keep that in mind.”
Ann’s snickering eventually dies down, and she tilts her head. “One last day in that casino,
huh?”
“I take that you’re itching to leave?” Akechi asks.
Ann shrugs, “Yeah, kinda. That entire place just freaks me out by this point.” She bites her
lip, “You’re mad at me for jumping in the fight, right?”
Mad isn’t quite accurate. Irritated, more like. Akechi hadn’t exactly wanted to see Makoto
become paste on the ground either.
“I’m not sorry.” Ann blurts before Akechi can express any of this, “Like, she was gonna die,
so,”
Akechi hums, “You don’t seem too thrilled yourself.”
Ann sighs, “Well, I’m annoyed, sure. But, I also get it. Why Makoto wanted to fight, I mean.
Y’know that Ren and Ryuji tried to tell me to stay out of it, when I accidentally followed
them into Kamoshida’s palace?”
Akechi didn’t know. “What changed their mind?”

Ann smiles sheepishly, “Uh, well, getting kidnapped and awakening a persona probably
looked pretty good on my resume.”
Akechi snorts. Of course.
(Dumb luck, again.
Why can it never seem to wander his way?)
“So, I guess it is sorta different.” Ann continues, “But I still get it.” She frowns, “I just hope
Mako knows what’s she’s doing.”
Akechi doubts it. He hopes that a day is enough for her to get it together.
Ann claps her hands together, changing the subject once again. She rambles about the dinner
places that are open for takeout this late, and Akechi lets her talk, the Sun growing to rank
six.
***
There’s a slowly dwindling stack of paper on his desk.
There are some conveniences, to the fact that Wakaba wrote many of her notes by hand. It’s
significantly more difficult to steal a hard copy, for one, and the fact that there are many
musings idly penned in her personal journals that she opted to leave out in her final paper.
There are also inconveniences. The primary one being that one must sort through it all by
hand.
Masayoshi Shido is a busy man. He doesn’t appreciate being made to do grunt work.
He doesn’t trust it with anyone else, however. So it must be done.
The cognitive world is less another dimension, the scrawl on the next sheet of paper begins,
and more another layer to our own. That navigation app that the subject claims appeared on
his phone one day is our only method of access.
So far! Of course we can’t pierce a veil, when we don’t even know what it’s made of! I’ve got
some theories, even if the subject seems pretty convinced none of them will work. He’s kind of
a spoilsportHe checks the clock. He’s no stranger to burning the midnight oil, but irritation begins
pricking at his mind at the thought of reading this nonsense.
He’s starting to see why Wakaba left most of this out of her final paper.
No matter.
The best time to cut down a tree, Shido muses, was eighteen years ago.

The second best time is right now.
***
Makoto has one day to work with.
She can hardly focus during her morning classes. A rare occurrence for a student of her
typical diligence, but she can feel the remnants of her frustration bubbling from the stains it’s
left on her thoughts, eating away at her concentration and twisting her gut in knots.
What is she looking for, really?
A different sister? Ha, she could achieve that, technically. All it would take is a messy scrawl
on a napkin and a whole lot of grit to beat down her sister’s shadow, and all that ambition and
desperation would be carved out of her skull like a tumour.
The thought makes Makoto a bit sick.
If not that, then what?
She had told Akechi that she was looking for understanding. Perhaps he has a point, as much
as Makoto is loathe to admit, that such a goal is quite broad.
Then what?
Makoto wants, just once, for Sae to listenShe sighs to herself, as classes wrap up for the lunch break. Maybe she ought to talk to Ren.
He’s bound to know something, and is infinitely less insufferable to talk to than Akechi. Most
of the time.
It thankfully isn’t all that difficult to find Ren. After some vague directions from Ryuji,
nearly tripping into Haru, and awkwardly asking Morgana for a bit of privacy, Makoto finds
herself alone with Ren on the school roof.
“So,” Ren begins when Makoto doesn’t, putting the container of curry he was eating lunch
from to his side, “What’s up?”
Makoto shifts, “I wanted to ask you something.”
Ren’s lips twitch up, “Clearly.”
Makoto rolls her eyes, some of the tension dissipating. “ Give me a second, would you?”
Ren chuckles, “Yeah, yeah.”
Makoto reorganises herself, “I wanted to ask about my sister.”
The levity on Ren’s face stiffens, “…You haven’t tried speaking to her yet.” He correctly
guesses.

“I haven’t.” Makoto confesses, “But, I wanted to ask what she was like, last time, after we
cleared her palace.”
“We didn’t change her heart.” Ren reminds her.
“I know, ” Makoto pushes, “But she was still different, right?”
Ren frowns, reaching up to tug at his hair, “…I guess so. I didn’t really know her, before the,
uh, interrogation.”
Right. “About that,” Makoto bites at her lip, “You just… convinced her to help?”
Ren runs a hand through his hair, “And that talking cats exist, yeah.”
“How? ”
Ren flashes a weak smirk, “Latent charisma?”
Makoto gives him a flat stare.
“Yeah, I’m gonna be honest, I don’t know either, Makoto.” Ren deflates, “I think that she
probably took a bit of pity on me, since I was in…” He grimaces, “Rough shape. And I think
part of her must have wanted to believe me.” He tilts his head with a frown, “Maybe we did
change her cognition a bit, by fighting her shadow.”
Something in Makoto latches onto that. Look, she says, to the version of Akechi in her head,
permanent mocking sneer etched on his face, There is a point to this. This will help. I’m
doing something right.
But that wasn’t your intention, the Not-Akechi reminds her, and Makoto almost wishes the
real one were here, if only so that she could kick him.
Makoto reaches for another track, “So she was definitely different, after?”
Something in Ren’s expression makes Makoto feel like he can see right through her, “Well,
she wasn’t trying to haul us all down to the station, so yes.”
Makoto comes to the abrupt realisation that she is going to have an incomplete puzzle no
matter who she asks.
Ren, as he has made clear, barely knew her sister at all before he started rooting around in her
head. Akechi knew -and knows- her quite well, but Makoto doubts he would have made time
for small talk after he betrayed the group and Sae was brought in the know. Sumire probably
knows the least of all three of them.
(Makoto wonders if the her of last timeline found this any easier.
Knowing herself, Makoto assumes she would have been frustrated. She would have no real
say in the matter, after all. Her hand would have been forced, both by Akechi and the plan
needed to counter him.

But, here, all Makoto has is her own conviction. She doesn’t have to do any of this.
She has one day left.)
“Thank you, Ren.” She eventually says, brushing down her skirt.
Ren shrugs, eyebrows raised, “No problem. Uh, not sure if any of that helped, but…”
Not really. “It did.”
Ren huffs a laugh, like he can tell Makoto is lying. Is she really so predictable?
“So, are you going to talk to her, then?” Ren asks.
“Soon.” Makoto promises.
“You’re stalling.” Ren observes.
Makoto sucks in a breath, “That obvious?”
“A bit.” Ren’s lips twitch up, “I get it. I do. But we can’t be in limbo forever, Makoto.”
No, they certainly can’t.
(Makoto feels a strange sense of camaraderie with the past-her, to have her hand forced and
tied to a timer.)
***
Sumire meets Futaba at Leblanc, awkwardly saying her hellos as they plan to take the train to
Odaiba, stewing in her own uncertainty.
In every sense, what they’re intending to do is dangerously stupid. Maruki’s palace is by far
the most dangerous palace Sumire has ever been in; and though the thieves had managed just
fine, in January, that was with a crowd of ten. Now they have two.
And still, still, Sumire can’t bring herself to dig her feet in. To tug on Futaba’s wrist and beg
they turn back.
She doesn’t really know why Futaba seems so set on doing this. She could take it at face
value; a little token of altruism for Sumire’s sake, an offer to ease her worries.
But, Sumire doubts it.
Really, it isn’t the danger that scares her the most. She knows when to run, and Futaba herself
is adept at staying out of the way in fights. No, what her mind keeps catching on is that
they’re skipping off to provoke a God-Not-God. Poke the bear while it’s still sleeping, to see
if it’s dreaming about ending the world.
She’s already explored Maruki’s palace inside and out. It’s different this time, apparently, but
really- what could be there now that is of use to her that wasn’t before?

Surely not answers. She already has those. Maruki’s ideology is as clear as they come; it’s
not like Sumire has to think hard as to why she seems to be Maruki’s shining proof of
concept.
(The golden child that she never was. And, yet, not enough to be granted a choice. No, that
honour belongs to Ren. )
Bad luck. An appointment scheduled at the right time. An unfortunate combination of
psychological ticks that left her a shredded mess of herself when her world fell apart.
And that’s all she has, really.
What is Sumire, when placed alongside two people pitted against each other by gods? What
role does she play, other than an unfortunate bystander dragged into a mess not her own?
Well.
Sumire reserves her right to make at least one catastrophically bad decision.
“Okay.” Futaba takes a sharp breath as they approach the construction site for the lab-turnedstadium, “So, what’re his keywords?”
Sumire swallows, “Oh, um,” She takes out her phone, tapping on the Metanav, “Takuto
Maruki, Stadium, Laboratory.”
Candidate found, The Nav chirps, Beginning Na“Woah, woah, wait!” Futaba blurts.
The Nav dutifully pauses.
She smiles sheepishly, “Uh, just gimme a sec.” She sucks in a breath, holds it.
Sumire waits, hand hovering awkwardly over the Nav.
“This is probably dumb.” Futaba mutters.
Sumire agrees, but she also hopes that Futaba isn’t getting cold feet now that they’re already
right outside the palace. “Right… so, um, should I activate…?”
Futaba waves her hands, “Yep, yep, do it before we chicken out!”
Sumire takes a breath, presses down on the pulsing red and black, and feels reality warp.
Having her mask settle over her face is an immediate comfort.
“Woah…” Oracle whispers, staring up at the tangled iron observatory up above. She whistles,
“Damn, and I thought space was impressive…”
Sumire laughs, “Yeah, it’s…” Breathtaking. Horrifying. “A lot. It was the first palace I ever
saw, so it was kind of a shock.”

Oracle huffs, still staring up, “I can imagine.” She snorts, “The first palace I saw was my
own, so I just got a bunch of sand.”
Sumire isn’t sure if she can laugh at that. She settles for a strained chuckle.
Oracle doesn’t seem to care either way, her mask sparking as she brings up her hologram
display to tap away at.
“I can’t get much of a read on anything beyond the entrance.” She mutters, “Ugh, we’re
gonna have to find a map.”
“If the palace hasn’t changed physically, then I might be able to guide us a bit.” Sumire
offers, though she remembers Goro and Ren saying that it was… off. Not to mention
Maruki’s shadow. “And, it’s so big that I remember there being more than one map.”
Oracle groans, “Of course! I guess we’re just gonna have to fly blind when looking for what
we want.”
Sumire tugs at her gloves, “Um, what is it exactly that you’re looking for, in here?”
Oracle pauses, “Oh, uh,” She mumbles, “Y’know how the doc is a cogpsi researcher? I…
kinda wanna see if he has anything lying around in his subconscious. …Maybe some stuff
related to my mom, too.”
Ah. Now that it’s being brought up, Sumire is surprised that the Oracle of last timeline didn’t
try looking for this stuff, too.
Sumire nods tentatively, “That’d be good to find. I’m pretty sure Doctor Maruki had this
whole paper he was doing while he was at Shujin,” Is, technically, “So there might be some
stuff floating around.” There were certainly borderline diary entries, so she doesn’t see why
Maruki’s life’s work wouldn’t get the same treatment.
“About your mom, though…” Sumire continues, “I don’t know, to be honest. Wouldn’t Goro
be a better person to ask?” Though, now that she says itOracle, predictably, scowls, “Yeah, already tried that.”
“Oh.” Sumire grimaces. She can’t imagine that went well.
Oracle claps her hands together, “Well! Should we get going? This palace isn’t going to
explore itself!” She snickers, “I feel like Joker, saying that.”
Sumire giggles, and poses dramatically, tugging on her gloves as she lets her coat swish
behind her. “It’s showtime.” She says in a terrible approximation of Joker’s voice, far too low
for her throat.
Oracle cackles, “ There it is.”
Sumire can’t quite suppress the upward pull to her lips, even as she tries to get serious.
“Really, though.” She says, “Let’s go.”

***
Maruki’s palace, on the surface, looks remarkably unchanged.
The opening lobby, at least. It’s unsettling, being here after so long. Sumire thinks she might
feel better about it if everyone else were here.
But that isn’t exactly an option.
Having Oracle here is nice, at least.
“Okay…” Oracle mutters, nose buried in her screens, “Honestly? Not a lot of shadow activity
around here. Not even any cognitions. This whole place is kinda… dead.”
That tracks, with what Sumire remembers of Maruki’s palace in October. Last October, that
is. And, granted, she doesn’t remember much, given she was in a dazed panic the entire time,
but she seems to recall the place being entirely empty.
“So, I guess…” Oracle continues, puffing out her cheeks, “Onward?”
Sumire shrugs, smiling sheepishly, “Onward.”
Pressing forward, the silence only becomes more oppressive. The click of Sumire’s heels
echoes through the entire auditorium, the duller thud of Oracle’s boots echoing much the
same. None of the posters she remembers are around, advertising research and slogans for
mental health.
There are still doves here, for some reason. Sumire thinks it’s all a bit much.
“There are a bunch of locked doors…” Oracle narrates, “Ooh, and a safe room! But beyond
that… I think only one path is actually open to us. Or maybe two? I can’t quite tell.”
From memory… “One will lead to an auditorium.” Sumire says, more confidently than she
actually feels, “The other leads to this… research track… thing.” She can’t quite remember
what it was. It had almost looked like an indoor sports arena.
“Research sounds pretty good…” Oracle hums, “But auditoriums usually hold lectures and
stuff, so that might be good too… hm? Is that…?” She frowns, leaning forward to glare at her
indecipherable map, “Oh- shit- ”
Sumire yelps as Oracle shouts in panic, stumbling back as a shadow drops from the ceiling
right down into the centre of the lobby in an amorphous mound. It spits and bubbles, the
impact forcing it to reform. Metallic spikes and claws shoot off in a spine, and the shadow
rears back with a roar.
Fafnir, Sumire remembers with clarity.
“This one’s bad!” She chokes out.

Oracle laughs semi-hysterically, the spinning form of Necronomicon pulling her back, “Yeah!
No shit! This thing’s stats are through the roof!”
The shadow laughs, shifting its stance. Sumire hurriedly draws her sword, other hand
hovering warily over her mask.
“Uh,” Oracle’s voice echoes in her head, “So, you don’t happen to remember this thing’s
weaknesses, do you?”
Sumire does, in fact. She remembers blades and bullets alike repelling off its metal plating,
and that nothing seemed to knock it down no matter how hard they tried.
She also remembers that it really hurt to get hit by this thing.
“…It doesn’t have any!” Sumire eventually responds, “I think we should run!”
There’s a sound, like Oracle is blowing a raspberry, “Yeah, figures. Searching for an escape
route! Try not to die!”
Sumire wasn’t planning on it.
She grits her teeth, as a blooming pulse of radiation burns in the space between her and the
shadow. She summons Ella, letting her persona take the brunt of the damage even as the air
spins and she fights off a wave of nausea.
“Ooh, that looked bad.” Oracle mutters, “Still looking for an exit! Hold on tight!”
Following the shadow’s attack, Sumire doesn’t bother taking the opportunity to retaliate,
knowing that they’ll be running anyway. The shadow, though its face doesn’t seem capable of
emoting, looks amused, leering.
“Watch out!”
Sumire barely perceives the warning before the ground cracks.
The shadow cackles, and laughs, and laughs, as the pristine opalescent tile of Maruki’s palace
shatters beneath Sumire’s feet. Earth erupts in a pillar, splitting the room into jagged chunksfloor to ceiling.
Sumire dives, and ends up in a segment without the shadow.
And, without Oracle.
“Shit!” Sumire hears in her mind, “Uh- Violet?! You okay?”
Sumire takes a ragged breath, flinching as the ground shakes again. The ceiling shakes, too.
“I- I’m okay!” She shouts, loud as she can.
“Okay, cool, that’s- ” The room shakes again as the shadow roars, and Oracle yelps, “Cool!
So I don’t think we’re gonna be safe for long!”

Sumire nearly falls over as the room shakes this time, grimacing at the spiderweb cracks that
skitter up the walls. Can palaces collapse before they’re supposed to? She really hopes not.
Some of the wall crumbles away as the room shakes again, Oracle’s panicked babbling
increasing in volume. Sumire narrows her eyes.
Another hall?
“Good news and bad news!” Oracle’s voice pierces into Sumire’s mind again, “Good news:
looks like there’s a way out-” She interrupts herself with a shriek.
“Futaba?!”
“M’fine! I’m okay!” Futaba audibly swallows, “Just- Shadow’s real close! Uhm, bad news- I
can’t get to you. Just- there should be another hall that just opened up next to you,” Her
voice pitches up another octave as the shadow’s laugh echoes reverberates through the jagged
earth, “And you need to go! I have no idea where it goes, but I’ll try and find you!”
“Can you get out?” Sumire fires back, panicked.
“Sure can!” Futaba says, some confidence leaking back into her voice, “I also have no idea
where I’m headed, but-” A crack, the sound of crumbling rock, “Doesn’t matter- I’ll get to
you! Just go!”
She can only oblige, and run.
***
Sumire dashes down identical halls, throwing open every door she can find.
This was such a stupid idea, She hisses to herself in her mind, staggering forward as she
throws open another door with a bit too much force. This was so stupid, entirely idiotic, Goro
and Haru are going to kill her if she makes it out of this alive. And god, where on earth is
FutabaShe nearly shrieks as a hand firmly clamps down on her shoulder. It comes out as a muffled
squeak instead.
“You’re in quite the hurry, Yoshizawa-san.”
No, no, god damnit,
“I’d ask why you’re here on you own, but I suppose I shouldn’t look a gift horse in the
mouth.” A self-deprecating chuckle, “I’ve been wanting to speak to you, actually.”
Sumire certainly doesn’t want to speak to him. God, he planned this, didn’t heThe room spins. Hallways blur, walls twisting and cracking, warping in shimmering silver-

-And Sumire is sitting in an office. A counsellor’s office, she recognises numbly. The office’s
namesake sits across from her, that gentle smile resting on his face.
He’s exactly as she remembers. Hair slicked back, crisp white suit, and glasses guarding-brilliant golden eyes.
Sumire supposes that’s new.
“Hi, Doctor.” She says weakly.
Maruki’s smile widens, and he huffs a laugh, “This is a much nicer start than the
conversation I had with Akechi-kun.”
No, Sumire can’t imagine that would have gone well. “Can I leave?”
“So soon?” The shadow looks hurt, and Sumire wishes, not for the first time, that she could
easily summon spitting fury the way that Goro does. It roils in her stomach instead, caged.
“Please let me leave.” Sumire repeats.
“Can I ask you to hear me out, first?” Maruki implores, “How have you been doing? I’ve
been worried-”
“Doctor.” Sumire grits.
The shadow exhales with a slight grimace, “Maybe this isn’t going as well as I thought.”
Sumire certainly hopes not. A sinking feeling that she’s going to have to see this conversation
through no matter what starts brewing in her gut.
( You can make the most of this, Cinder. Ella whispers. Make him see.
She’ll try, Sumire echoes back. She’ll try.)
Sumire wrings her hands together, “What did you want to ask me?”
“I’ve already asked.” The shadow smiles, “How are you doing? Ever since Amamiya-kun
and Akechi-kun snapped you out of my actualisation, I’ve had my… concerns, I suppose.”
Sumire’s first reaction, when Goro told everyone that Maruki’s shadow did, in fact,
remember the previous timeline, was blind panic. Now, she can only muster numb
resignation.
“I’m doing well.” She says, honestly. She takes a shaky breath, “I’m happy as Sumire,
Doctor. Please let me stay this way.”
(She hates this. She hates this, having to practically beg for the right to keep her own name,
her own mind, from a man who just keeps smiling like he understandsMaybe he does. Sumire wishes he’d understand differently.)

Something flits across the shadow’s face. Confusion? “I see… I’m happy for you Yoshizawasan, really. Not everyone has the strength to forge on after tragedy.”
Sumire didn’t. Ren almost did. And Goro, well, maybe forging on is half his problem. “You
thought I couldn’t.”
“I didn’t.” Maruki agrees, so blunt Sumire almost laughs.
“I thought I made it pretty clear.” Sumire says, almost a mumble, “That I didn’t want to be
Kasumi anymore, I mean. In January.”
Maruki frowns slightly, “You did… after physically fighting your friends to try and stay in my
reality. Your initial wish was so strong, I had been concerned that you might relapse.”
The basis of the debate they’re having is fundamentally off its axis. Sumire wants to grab it
by the ends and twist, but she can’t“Well, I haven’t.” She says tightly.
“You haven’t.” Maruki agrees, that bluntness again. Sumire feels like she’s being dissected.
“…I hate to dredge up bad memories, but we’ll get nowhere if I don’t, unfortunately.” He
frowns, “Yoshizawa-san, you weren’t happy, even when Kasumi-san was alive.”
Sumire has already had these thoughts, had this discussion, in so many words.
“So your solution was to try and kill me.” She says, throat tight.
The shadow’s eyes widen, “No, no of course not! You were still you, Yoshizawa-san, it’s
just-”
“I said I was better off dead, and you agreed with me!” Sumire chokes, feeling her throat
tighten and cheeks burn. She is not breaking down, not here, not in front of him, she’s been
doing so well so why now“Yoshizawa-san,” Maruki says, firm, but looking a bit panicked, “Please understand, that
was never my intention. You said you wanted to become Kasumi-san, and with the power I
had then I thought it was a far less harmful wish then some of the other things you-”
“Just stop it! ” Her voice breaks.
Maruki stops.
Sumire sniffles.
“…I’m glad that you have higher opinion of yourself now. It’s quite admirable.” The shadow
eventually says.
No thanks to you, Sumire wants to hiss. She stays quiet.

“…I understand that Amamiya-kun accepting my reality caused you some distress.” Maruki
continues, “Now that you have a healthier self-image, I can understand why your initial wish
may no longer be the path to your happiness.”
“I don’t have a wish.” Sumire says, mustering a glare around the water in her eyes.
“Is that really true?” Maruki asks, “There’s nothing you wish was different?”
Of course Sumire wishes things were different.
She wishes that Goro wasn’t tangled in a web so tight that it’s suffocating him. She wishes
that Haru didn’t have to suffer because of her father’s sins and newfound insanity. She wishes
Ren didn’t have to grapple with the weight of things he never should have been the arbiter of.
She wishes she had been sent back just far enough so that her sisterBut things aren’t different. And she is not going to lie down and give up just because Maruki
shows her a pretty picture.
“Nothing at all.” Sumire says.
The shadow smiles like he’s indulging her, “Of course.”
“Why are you even asking me?” She blurts, “Wasn’t Ren-senpai’s permission all that you
were looking for?”
Maruki blinks, taken aback, “Oh, no, Yoshizawa-san,” He chuckles, “I wanted Amamiya-kun
and I to see eye-to-eye. Of course I did! I never could have made it this far without him. But
please don’t think that means that I don’t care about you, and everyone else.”
Sumire clenches her fists in her lap.
“You’re free to go now, Yoshizawa-san.” Maruki stands, and bows, gesturing to the newly
formed door as it melts into existence. “Your friend is still somewhere in here, yes?”
“Yes.” Sumire sees no reason to deny it, and stands stiffly.
She got what she came here for, and still managed to come out empty-handed.
***
FutabaIsn’t panicking, thank you very much.
She’s fine! Not a shadow in sight! Necronomicon is pretty fast when she needs to be. She’s
sure Sumire is fine. She’s definitely fine, in fact; Violet is pretty damn good in a fight, if her
one-time scuffle with the thieves, and all subsequent evidence, is any indication.
So Futaba doesn’t need to panic. So she isn’t.

She skids into what looks like a cross between a server room and an archive, and slams the
door shut.
She’s doing great.
She shoves her goggles off her face, and slumps to the ground with a groan.
This was probably a stupid idea.
You’re just figuring that out now? A voice that sounds like a weird combination between
Ren, Akechi, and Makoto snips in her brain. She thinks she hears some Morgana in there too,
actually.
She hauls herself to her feet, patting off imaginary dust as she does.
Fact: She needs to find Sumire, like, twenty minutes ago.
Fact: She has no way of knowing where anything resembling what she’s looking for would
be floating about in the Doc’s head.
Fact: This plan was probably ( Definitely, the Amamiya-Akechi-Niijima-Cat combo reminds
her) stupid. 100% a bad idea. She should have sat down, been patient, flicked Sumire
between the eyes for worrying so much, and life would’ve been grand.
Fact: …This place really does look like an archive, the more she stares at it.
Futaba scurries over to one of the floor-length filing cabinets, and cracks open a drawer.
Oh ho! Now this is a stack of paper.
…And that’s all Futaba can really say about it. It’s all blank, like it’s here to fulfil the role of
a filing system without actually having anything to file away. Makes sense, Futaba
begrudgingly concedes; none of the other palace rulers had an autobiography written down in
dramatic prose in their minds, to her knowledge.
Futaba flicks through the stack of paper, just for thoroughness’ sake. A few of the pages do
have some ink on them- but it’s all incomprehensible, like trying to read in a dream.
Futaba drops that stack on the ground.
Well.
This room is filled with filing cabinets. Surely Maruki’s got something legible tucked away in
here.
( Shouldn’t you be doing something elseSumire’ll be fine, Futaba dismisses the responsible voice of Necronomicon in her head. She’s
crazy strong!

Futaba feels an awful lot like her persona is giving her the side eye.
…She gives herself 7 minutes to mess around.)
She nearly falls over when she finally finds something that resembles actual words, eyes
darting across it fast enough to cram it all in within her self-imposed time limit.
I’ve finally managed to acquire some actual funding for my research. The notes begin, The
university is starting to get sick of me, I think, but now that I’ve got an actual government
grant? Ha! I’m trying not to seem smug, but I can’t seem to help my excitement.
I mean; real, actual, people who believe in my research. Politicians, even! I can’t say I’m
thrilled by science (and psience, by extension) becoming a political endeavour, but I can’t
deny the potential that comes with it.
Though, I can’t seem to pinpoint one person who’s behind the funding. Maybe it’s a group of
people? But, I’d think that in that case I’d be being funded by a whole party. Shibusawa is
telling me to tread carefully; he thinks all the red tape is suspicious.
I agree, of course. There’s so much about this that seems too good to be true, but I really
can’t help but feel optimistic. Things seem to be looking up, finally.
Futaba grimaces as she puts the sheet of paper down.
Okay. Informative, sort of. She kind of already new most of this in bits and pieces, courtesy
of Ren’s long-winded last timeline explanation, but she supposes it’s interesting to get it from
the Doc’s perspective.
(not what she’s looking for, though.)
She rummages around for something else.
I’ve finally found some threads for who might have pulled the rug out from under me with my
funding, a new series of notes say, Shibusawa’s been helping me out. I can’t thank him
enough- this kind of information hunting is way more his wheelhouse than it is mine.
I haven’t quite found who the head honcho is yet, so to speak, but I did manage to find who
did get the funding that was supposed to go to me.
Wakaba IsshikiFutaba nearly drops the page,
-She’s the one spearheading the cognitive psience field, these days. I’d compare our goals
and approaches, if Shibusawa and I could actually find anything about her research. She’s
got a whole team and lab, and yet none of her findings have been published.
Publicly, at least. I actually managed to arrange a meeting with her. It was… informative.
Informative with regard to Isshiki-san, at least. She’s quite the scatter brain, though I can

hardly talk. We were getting along quite well until I asked about what she’s been up to. She
takes non-disclosure agreements quite seriously, she said.
I had hoped that a like-minded researcher would have been able to understand my plight
here, but I guess this is another dead end.
Futaba slowly lowers the page as she finishes reading.
That’s basically nothing!
Hearing about stuff she already knows from Maruki’s perspective flips suddenly from ‘nice’
to ‘absolutely infuriating’.
Obviously her mom was tight-lipped. She blabbed and blabbed until she toed whatever line in
the sand she had drawn in her mind, and shut the conversation down entirely.
Futaba gives up looking for anything else. Why’d she even bother?
And, god, she’s wasted so much time rooting around for nothing, Sumire could be anywhere,
shit, shit, shit,
Necronomicon chimes in alert.
Futaba stops.
Oh.
Oh! Sumire isn’t that far away, actually. Futaba ignores how her hands shake as she opens the
door, shuffling out; head on a swivel, looking for any shadows even as her persona declares
the immediate area completely safe.
She only has to turn two corners before she sees Violet.
“Oracle!” Sumire yelps, looking stressed out of her mind, “Are you okay? Did anything
happen? I, uh, got caught up, but then I was looking for ages and-”
“I’m fine!” Futaba quickly blurts, “I got sort of caught up too.”
Sumire deflates, “Oh- okay, good.”
A pause.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” Sumire asks.
“No. You?”
“No.”
“Oh.” Futaba mumbles.
Sumire wrings her hands together, shoulders tense. “Let’s go home.”

***
It has, regrettably, been quite some time since Ren has been to Crossroads.
Longer still, since he’s had a chat with Ohya. Last time he was here, he was washing some
dishes behind the bar.
“Well, look who’s decided to swing by!” Lala calls to him as Ren shuffles through the door,
“I haven’t seen you in months.”
Ren grimaces, “Sorry, Lala-chan, I was, uh,” He scrounges for an excuse, “Busy?”
Lala snorts, “Well, with such a well thought out reason, I have no choice but to believe you.”
“S’that the kid?” Ohya unsticks her face from where she’s slumped against the bar, “Oh, it is
you!” She snickers, “I’d thought you’d forgotten about our deal, y’know!”
Lala rolls her eyes, “Ichiko, honey, what have I told you about relying on a teenager for your
information?”
Ohya waves a hand, unaffected, “Yeah, yeah- s’not like they’re important articles, though.
S’just fluff pieces and stuff.”
Lala sighs, and turns to Ren, “You might have some difficulty if you wanted to chat with
Ichiko today, honey-”
“I’m right here!” Ohya whines.
“-She’s a bit far in her cups.” Lala finishes.
If anything, that could be to Ren’s benefit. Alcohol loosens lips, and Ohya is especially guilty
of the saying. Most of the time. “Isn’t it pretty early?”
“Not if I had a shit day at work.” Ohya snipes, poking at the shot glass in front of her, “And
sides, just means there’s no one here to eavesdrop on my scoops. ‘Cept Lala-chan, but she’s
no snitch.” She finishes with a wink.
Ren takes a seat next to Ohya, “I had some questions, actually.”
“Oh?” Ohya instantly looks more alert, “Oh, wait,” Her expression tightens, “I know what
this is about.”
Ren blinks, “Huh?”
“Don’t play dumb.” Ohya waves a hand, “That kid. Akechi. You want info on him, yeah?”
Ren is pretty sure Ohya didn’t stumble into the two of them at the aquarium in this timeline.
Plausible deniability, then. He keeps his face as still as possible, “I wasn’t curious about him,
actually.”

Ohya’s eyebrow shoots up, “Really? You’re a Phanboy, aren’t’cha? And Mr. Detective was
one of the thieves’ biggest detractors, so…” She narrows her eyes, “…What’s that look for?
Did you know him, or something?”
Are Ren’s expressions really so transparent, these days? Or is Ohya just good at guessing?
“…Or something.” He eventually settles on.
Ohya’s other eyebrow shoots up to join the first, delicately taking a sip from a glass of water
that Lala had sneakily placed in front of her, “What, was he your boyfriend, or something?”
Ren chokes on air, “Oh, shit, really-?”
Lala’s face falls, “Oh, honey…”
Ren furiously shakes his head, “No, no that wasn’t- I just know him, and I’m really not here
to ask about that.”
Ohya still looks a bit rattled by the turn this conversation has taken, “Whatever you say,
kid…” She huffs, “So? Whadd’ya need?”
Ren hesitates.
“If you need to talk business,” Lala interrupts, idly cleaning a glass, “You can use the booth
down the back.”
Ohya grins, “You’re the best, Lala-chan! Ooh, can you send me a drink while we’re there?”
“You’ll get water.” Lala snaps.
Ren laughs under his breath as he and Ohya resettle in the booth down the back.
“Do you remember why I first started our deal?” Ren asks without preamble.
Ohya hums dubiously, “Uh, pretty sure I was the one that struck a deal. But, yeah.
Kaneshiro.” She takes a long sip of water, slurping loudly, “Kinda interesting how his heart
got changed not a month later, huh?”
Ren has lost track of exactly how many people know he’s a Phantom Thief by this point. Or,
more accurately, he’s lost track of who knows it and has said so to his face.
Ohya has yet to call him out. Her side eye makes it all too clear what she suspects.
“Funny, yeah.” Ren says, flat. “I need a similar favour, though.”
Ohya snorts, “What, do you think I’m made of Mafia boss names?”
“I was hoping for the Yakuza this time, actually.” Ren mumbles into his water.
Ohya groans, “Jeez, kid! What the hell’re you doing?” She takes a swig of water, scowling,
“Listen, I don’t know what you think you’re trying to pull, but I’m gonna put my foot down.
This is outside the purview of our deal.”

Ren opens his mouth to protest, but Ohya cuts him off.
“Y’know the shit that happens to people who go poking where they shouldn’t?” She snaps,
“Shit like what happened to Kayo.”
There. Ren has wrench his features into place before they erupt in a grin.
“What if I said this is related to what happened to her?” Ren asks.
Ohya’s eyes narrow sharply, “…You’re bluffing.” She decides, “Amamiya, I don’t know
what happened to Kayo, just that she’s missing.”
Right, right- Ren reorganises the sequence of events in his head. Ohya’s close to her lead, he
remembers, but her boss keeps cutting all the threads. In Shido’s pocket, probably- at least
tangentially.
Ren hasn’t exactly had time for a Mementos trip, as of late, to clear out the ever-expanding
list of requests that have been piling up since early October. He could get it down all in one
night, but he doesn’t have one night.
Secrecy be damned, he’s getting Ohya on his side now.
“Were you and Kayo ever on the trail of Masayoshi Shido?” Ren asks.
Ohya stares at him. She taps her nails against the table, “…Now why would you be asking
about a guy like that?”
Ren doesn’t bother suppressing his grin this time. Gotcha. “That’s an interesting reaction
about an honest politician.”
Ohya scoffs, “Don’t try to rile me up, kid. Now where the hell did you end up stumbling into
that mess?”
“What mess?” Ren asks innocently.
“You’re not slick!” Ohya hisses, “Don’t try and fish for how much I know, I’m trying to fish
for how much you know!”
“Why do you think I brought him up?” Ren pivots.
“You think he had something to do with Kayo. Obviously.” Ohya waves a hand, “Why?”
All or nothing. “She had a mental shutdown.” Ren explains, voice low, “You know that-”
“No, no, stop,” Ohya digs her palms into her eyes and rubs furiously, “How do you know
that? And- a mental shutdown- I know Shido’s shifty, but that’s a pretty big accusation!”
(The Devil sits at its seventh rank, Ren notes.
Not a blood oath -not by a mile- but,

Close enough, he thinks.)
“You know what I am, right?” Ren says simply.
Ohya stares him down. She takes another sip of water, smacking her lips. “You’re gonna have
to be more specific.”
Ren rolls his eyes. Fine, he’ll bite. “You know who I work with, right?”
“Oh!” Ohya smiles, saccharine. She drops the expression, “Is this a formal confession?”
Ren smirks, “Of course not.”
Ohya blows a raspberry, “Bummer. Would’ve been a pretty big scoop.”
Ren hums mildly, “Probably.”
Ohya clicks her tongue, staring at the table. She taps at it with her nails, deliberating, scoffing
at whatever internal debate is warring in her head. “Okay. I’ll be honest, Amamiya; I already
knew that. You aren’t subtle.”
“Neither are you.” Ren fires back.
“Which is why you’re trusting me?” She raises an eyebrow.
“Sorta.” Ren settles on.
Ohya snorts. “Look: I wasn’t kidding when I said I needed details. I’m a Phantom Thief can’t
be your ass-pull explanation for knowing everything.”
Ideally, time travel would be Ren’s ass-pull explanation. He figures it’s not a good idea to
dust that one off just yet. Or, ever, really. “Changes of heart- the way they’re done is…
similar, but not exactly the same to the mental shutdowns and psychotic breaks.”
Ohya suddenly looks very interested, “…Seems pretty risky.”
Ren smiles, flat, “It is.”
“You ever fucked it up before?”
Ren leans back, “You’ve seen the news, haven’t you?”
Ohya whistles, “Didn’t think you’d admit it. I honestly thought the thieves were being
framed.”
“Well, they kind of are.” Ren says, “But what happened is technically better than what Shido
wanted to happen.”
“I’m guessin’ Mr. CEO was supposed to drop dead, then?” Ohya asks, and Ren nods,
“Thought so. So, there’s a lot of crossed wires. How does all that add up to you knowing
what happened to Kayo?”

“I don’t know exactly what happened to her.” Ren admits, “Or even where she is. But I do
know she had a mental shutdown. I checked.” He lies. The lack of a time travel ass-pull also
means it can’t be used as a genuine explanation.
Ohya gapes slightly, “…This change of heart bullshit is a lot more literal than I’m gonna like,
huh?”
“Yep.” Ren says with a pop.
Ohya groans, “Okay, Okay, okay fine. I can’t verify jack shit of what you’re saying, but, sure,
for the sake of whatever the fuck this is, I’ll believe it. For now.” She leans forward, “Now
tell me about Shido.”
“There’s not much to say.” Ren shrugs, “Shido is the one behind all the incidents. He’s the
only one with the resources and knowledge to do them. Though, he’s not doing them
personally.”
“Where’d you get this info?”
“Inside man.” Ren fires back.
“ Who? ”
Ren smiles, “Confidential.”
Ohya rolls her eyes, “You don’t sound nearly as cool as you think you do, you know?”
Damn. Ren deflates a bit, “Well, it’s the truth.”
Ohya hums, leaning back. She chews on her lip, deep in thought. “I’m guessing that the
thieves didn’t kill Akechi, yeah?”
“Definitely not.” Ren quickly says.
Ohya stretches out, cracking her back, “Aaaand I’m guessing you won’t tell me anything
about him, huh?”
“He’s not relevant to this.” Ren lies.
“Sure!” Ohya waves a dismissive hand.
Ren leans forward, moving his glass of water to the side. “But you can see; this is related to
you. And I need your help.”
Ohya’s expression is unreadable, “…You’re taking down Shido?”
“Sure am.”
She takes another swig of water. “…Whadd’ya need a Yakuza name for?” She mutters,
defeated.

Ren grins, all teeth.

Chapter End Notes

why hello! I almost forgot to prepare this chapter whoops. Then i remembered while i
was eating dinner and did a double take lmao.
I try not to toot my own horn (and, similarly, i try not to put my work down) but i think i
can say that some of my favourite scenes i've written are in this chapter. something,
something, Ann and Akechi are always fun, poor Sumi is going through it, Futaba pov is
a blast, and it turns out that Ohya is really fun to write actually HAHA
Socials! come say hello! now that i've gone back to weekly uploads my fortnightly wip
wednesday tradition is, unfortunately, languishing. I'll try to remember to drop a wip
here and there, still.
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! Ah! Just the Sun, today
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 7
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 6
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperence Rank 6
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 6
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren: I'm a phantom thief. How much does that prepare you to suspend your disbelief?
Ohya: Uh. A fair amount?

Ren: Okay. So, time travelOhya: not that much

Chapter 74
Chapter Summary

Planning, scheming, and unfortunate threads.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

If Takahashi were even marginally capable of getting results, Shido considers, then maybe he
wouldn’t be in this position.
It’s his own fault, he supposes. Wakaba really was an excellent researcher.
Combing through her journals is an arduous task. It’s the kind of thing he’d be tempted to
foist off on Akechi, if the kid didn’t look halfway to being ill every time Wakaba’s name is
mentioned. He would hardly be able to compile a thorough report like that.
And, Akechi has been having something of a rebellious streak lately.
Irritating, this close to the election. But uncertainties cannot be suffered this late in the game.
I hate to admit it, Wakaba had begun, in one of her later journals, but I think the subject might
have been right about it being impossible to cross the veil to the cognitive world without that
Nav app.
Even the Nav itself is fallible. Sometimes, people aren’t dragged in even when they’re
standing right next to where it’s activated. Physical contact with whoever is activating it
seems to be a surefire way to 100% drag another person in, but even then, one guy couldn’t
get it to work no matter how hard he tried.
I, myself, have a respectable 56% entry rate into the cognitive world! The subject,
predictably, has a 100% success rate. I’d test if it’s a persona thing (it definitely is, but I
wouldn’t be a very good psientist if I assumed stuff like that), but considering we have a
whopping sample size of one, I can’t do anything too crazy.
All this messing around with cognitive world entry has led to a pretty interesting discovery,
though. As it turns out, that veil that separates the two worlds is something that can be
weakened. Repeated and consistent entry to the same pocket of cognition leaves a signature
that we can record.
It doesn’t work as well on weaker manifestations, or on ones that are too broad,
unfortunately. Even when the subject shifted in and out of Mementos repeatedly for hours, the

change in reading was so minuscule that it could only really be discounted as normal
variability.
Strong manifestations, though- now that lights up like a beacon!
The journal devolves into Wakaba’s excited ramblings about the exact method behind this
particular method of interacting with the Metaverse, and, ah , Shido thinks:
Here’s something worthwhile.
It’s unfortunate, that Wakaba never discovered a way to pierce that veil without Akechi’s
particular brand of nonsense, but this will do just nicely.
Takahashi is useless at discovery, but at least he’s competent enough at replicating results.
Shido makes a call. Sitting through the psientist’s useless blubbering is a chore, but he’ll
endures it.
“W-we could actually do that right now, sir.” Takahashi stutters, after Shido recites his
request, “We have all the equipment-”
“You have the capacity to take initiative.” Shido says mildly.
It almost sounds like Takahashi chokes at that, “Of course, sir. I-it will take -um- and hour,
perhaps?”
“Call me back when it’s done.” Shido orders, “Don’t keep me waiting.”
“I’d never dream of it-”
Shido hangs up before Takahashi can spew another stream of nothing.
He makes another call.
“Shido-san.” The SIU director’s voice filters through the receiver. “To what do I owe the
pleasure?”
The director sounds almost smug, to receive this call. He always was such an incurable suck
up. If Akechi weren’t being a stubborn brat, this man would likely be dead by now.
It’s really too bad. He’ll have to commission the cleaner, later.
“I have a favour to ask of you.” Shido begins, crisp. “I’d like you to be prepared to mobilise
some of your officers.”
“O-of course!” The director gets out, unable to erase the surprise in his voice, “Where and
when?”
“Just stay on alert.” Shido snaps, “I’ll contact you.”
“Right you are, sir.” The director says briskly, “I’ll be waiting.”

Shido disconnects the call.
He eyes the stack of journals on his desk. There are only two left, chronologically, from
where he’s read and where Wakaba died. Now that he’s found what he’s looking for, he
doesn’t have to suffer through Wakaba’s ramblings anymore.
And, yet, curiosity grates at his mind.
He picks up the next journal.
***
Ohya stares at him blankly.
“Amamiya,” She begins, slowly, like Ren is an idiot, “Why the fuck would you think I’d
know the name of some weirdo Yakuza assassin?”
Oh.
Maybe Ren is an idiot.
“You-” He starts, tentative, “You knew Kaneshiro, though?”
“Yeah, ‘cause he was a menace! ” Ohya waves her hands emphatically, “I thought you were
gonna ask for the name of, like, something similar! Some head-honcho terrorising the
streets!”
Ren tilts his head, “ Do you know some people like that?”
Ohya shoots him a look, “You wanna throw spaghetti at the wall and hope your guy sticks?”
Point. “…So I’ve wasted my time, is what you’re saying.”
Ohya’s face scrunches, “Not… exactly. ” She sighs, “Look, Amamiya, I admit you’ve
convinced me.”
Ren blinks, “Convinced…?” He trails off, eyebrow raised.
Ohya glares at him, “ Convinced me that we have a common interest. If you’re not lying
about Kayo, then I’ve certainly got a couple of bones to pick with Shido.”
Her and half the country, at this rate. Ren rubs at his neck, “That name is really all I need.”
“Don’t tell me I’m useless.” Ohya snaps at him, “You need to investigate? I’m great at
investigating. The best in with the Yakuza is other Yakuza, so we’ll start there.” She takes
another long sip of water, “…You happen to know anyone? I could go hunt some people
down, but I’ve got no guarantee they’re trustworthy.”
Well.
Ren does know someone, in fact.

“I know a guy.” He admits, slow, “Ex-Yakuza.”
Ohya hums, and pauses. “Why didn’t you just ask him first?”
“Well, I remembered Kaneshiro…” Ren mumbles, a bit embarrassed. He really hopes that he
isn’t going to have to very suddenly bring all his confidants into the loop just for some scraps
of information.
“You have so much faith in me.” Ohya says, sardonic.
Certainly enough to spill secrets that could get him arrested.
Ohya stands, suddenly. “Well? Where’s this contact of yours?”
Ren blinks, taken aback, “What, right now?”
“’Course!” Ohya grins, “No time like the present! And no better time than when you’ve
already gotten me all hyped up on all this juicy info. Besides, if you’re gonna be poking
around with the Yakuza, I should probably start playing that responsible adult card, huh?”
Ren sighs, and relents.
***
“Really? This dump?” Is Ohya’s glowing review of Untouchables.
Ren knows Iwai would just scoff and laugh if he ever made a comment like that. He’s not so
sure how Ohya would fare, though.
It’s getting on in the day. Ren knows Iwai’s working hours are spotty at best, so they’d better
hurry it up. He quickly strides forward to push the door open, Ohya on his tail.
“Welcome.” Iwai grunts from behind the counter, not looking up from his magazine to check
who it is that’s entered his store.
“Hey.” Ren says, shuffling over to the counter.
Iwai looks up, “Well, would ya look at that? And here I thought you had forgot about me.”
“It hasn’t been that long.” Ren protests. He went shopping here just a few weeks ago.
Iwai snorts, “I’m pullin’ your leg.” He gives Ohya the side-eye. “Who’s she?”
“Ichiko Ohya.” Ohya introduces herself with far more poise than Ren would expect from
someone who was halfway to wasted barely an hour ago. She smiles like a shark, “I’m a
journalist. But I’m not on the clock.”
Iwai’s side eye slides over to Ren. “…You gonna explain what’s up?”
Ren offers a sheepish grin, and prepares for his second leap of faith for the day. The Hanged
Man sits, content, at rank nine. Much like Ohya, Iwai has probably already half-guessed what

Ren is about to tell him.
***
All things considered, Ohya and Iwai have both taken all this information far better than
Sojiro did.
(And that’s a thought.
Ren had brushed off Sojiro’s offer of help in his mind, simply because he hadn’t needed it
last time.
But, now, as he and the rest of the thieves willingly wrap themselves deeper in a web, just for
the chance to reach a few inconvenient pieces of silk, the offer seems more and more
appealing.
He’ll put a pin in it.)
“Are you fuckin’ kidding me?” Iwai mutters once Ren finishes his explanation.
… ’Better than Sojiro’ doesn’t quite equivocate to well.
Ohya snorts.
“This isn’t about you.” Ren prefaces, knowing Iwai will appreciate the bluntness, “If you
don’t want to help, that’s fine.” He shuffles on his feet, “You’re the best lead I have, but
you’re not the only one.”
“That so?” Iwai snipes, dry. “I’ll be honest, kid, I didn’t expect you to just come out and
admit the whole thief thing.”
“Me either!” Ohya chimes in from her newfound perch on the counter, swinging her legs
back and forth.
Ren shrugs, “Bit stupid to talk in circles when we all know the truth, right?”
“Guess that’s true.” Iwai concedes with a grunt. “Gotta say, you weren’t exactly subtle when
you asked for Tsuda’s name.”
“Is there a subtle way to ask for someone’s full name?” Ren smirks.
Ohya snorts, then frowns. “Hey, you asked for the chief’s name last time we-”
“I’m getting to it.” Ren quickly says, feeling his cheeks flush, “I’ve been really busy.”
“I only need to take one look at the news to know that one, Amamiya.” Iwai jabs. He sighs,
and frowns, readjusting his hat, “Look- the name you’re looking for; I’ve been out of the
family business for a while. Around fourteen years, give or take, despite everyone’s best
efforts to keep dragging me back in, ” He mutters, half to himself, “And if you don’t have a

time frame for how long this guy’s been a big fish, then it’s gonna be pretty hard to track him
down.”
“Knowing his boss isn’t enough to chase a few threads?” Ohya asks.
Ren shakes his head before Iwai can answer, “Shido is less his boss, more a client. It’s a
monetary link over one of genuine trust.”
“Right.” Iwai nods, “That shit’s pretty common. ‘Specially when it comes to dealin’ with
more reputable individuals.” He drawls out, “And I’m sure you can imagine that most
Yakuza families aren’t really in the business of keeping their finances accessible to the
public.”
Ohya puffs out her cheeks, “Guess not. Bummer.”
“I can go askin’ around,” Iwai offers, “Especially now that Tsuda owes me one. But it’ll take
time.”
“How long?” Ohya asks, and turns to Ren, “And how long do you have? ”
“December seventeenth is our cut-off for Shido.” Ren explains, “Give or take a few days for
all our loose ends.”
“The election?” Iwai raises an eyebrow, “Makes sense. Honestly, I have no idea how long it’d
take to dig up all this shit. That kinda stuff can take years if someone really doesn’t want to
be found, and we’ve got nothing to go on.”
Ren bites at his lip.
They don’t need to change the Cleaner’s heart. Technically. He’s just a risky loose end. He
walked free last timeline, and the world didn’t implode.
But risk isn’t something they can afford, when their plan already sits on shaky foundations.
(Another thought occurs to him, a marble knocking gears loose.
Ren has seen the Cleaner before.)
“…Tattoos usually tell you what family someone is from, right?” Ren asks, tentative.
“Yeah?” Iwai frowns, “But unless you wanna drag the guy by the ear into my store, that’s
only gonna help us in the reverse.”
Ren shakes his head, “Can I get a piece of paper to draw on?”
Iwai starts rummaging behind the counter as Ohya’s eyes widen, “Don’t tell me you’ve met
him before?” She blurts.
“Not exactly…” Ren says slowly. He doesn’t think explaining the cognitive world in any
amount of detail will end well. “Thief’s secret.” He settles on with a wink.

Ohya rolls her eyes, “Cute.”
Iwai slides a pen and notepad forward, “Go to town, kid.”
“Fair warning,” Ren starts, as he picks up the pen, “I barely remember what the tattoos
looked like.”
“If they’re distinct enough, it might not matter.” Iwai says, uncharacteristically encouraging,
“Who knows? We might solve this in one night.”
They don’t solve it in one night.
Ren remembers the basic shape of the tattoos, how they had sprawled across the cognitive
Cleaner’s back and shoulders, down over his pecs. He can barely remember the colour,
(“Red, maybe? Could’ve been purple?”), nor the detailing, (“Kind of like feathers, I think?
But, not actually like feathers, just like a fan of shapes-”) and Iwai’s grimace says it all.
“Okay.” Iwai drawls out, “Well, it’s a start, which is more than I could say twenty minutes
ago.”
“Does it look familiar?” Ohya questions.
Iwai shakes his head, “Nah. But it’s not like I was that clocked into any of the business
beyond my own family’s mess. I know some people that are, though. And most of them owe
me favours.”
“Try not to die.” Ren says mildly.
Iwai barks a laugh, “I should be tellin’ you that.”
“I might be able to get a better look at those tattoos.” Ren offers, remembering that even if
Shido doesn’t know the cleaners name, the cognition and all his aggressive posturing should
still be stalking around the cruise ship.
Ohya raises an unimpressed eyebrow, “Lemme guess- it’s dangerous?”
Ren grimaces, “A bit… but we’ll be, uh, passing by, anyway.”
Iwai waves a hand, still studying Ren’s drawing, “If it’s out of your way, don’t bother. If you
are passing by, though,” He levels Ren with a pointed look, “Then I guess I wouldn’t mind a
better sketch.”
“Cool.” Ren mutters.
Ohya rolls out her shoulders, stretching up, “Well, while you’re doing all that, I’ll get to
digging.” She turns to Ren, uncharacteristically serious, “I can’t promise any results,
especially while the chief is still on my back, but I’ll be doing my best. I’ll reach out to some
of my sources from when Kaneshiro was all anyone could think about- they might have more
than one in for the underworld.”

Ren takes a slow, deep breath, and smiles, “Thanks. Really.”
“Don’t sweat it.” Iwai mutters.
“I know another person who might be able to help, too.” Ren adds.
“Who?” Ohya asks, eyes flashing with curiosity.
Ren shrugs, “Ex fed.”
Iwai whistles, “You run with a real weird crowd, kid.”
Ren smiles again, even wider.
***
The phone rings.
“Speak.”
“Ah, sir? I’ve found what you’re looking for.”
“Get on with it.”
“Ah- y-yes, of course- um, we’ve picked up two major readings, actually. At least, two that fit
within the projected half-life decay that Doctor Isshiki outlined; they’re manifestations that
have been accessed within the past few days, I mean.”
“Where, Takahashi.”
“Right- the weaker one is in Odaiba. I’d wager it’s only been accessed once, very recently,
since we can’t pinpoint its exact location. The stronger one, though- that’s in Kasumigaseki.
Um, just outside the courthouse, actually.”
“Can you tell how recently the courthouse manifestation was accessed?”
“I can estimate sometime within the last day. But, I’d say it’s closer to the last hour.”
Is that so?
“Thank you, Takahashi. You’ve done well.”
“Ah- thank you, sir- I only did my j-”
He hangs up.
***
“Hey! Defendant!”
Akechi turns and stares at Caroline as he and Ann arrive at the entrance to Sae’s palace.

Ann tilts her head at him as he glares into what he assumes looks like empty space, “What’s
up?”
Akechi spares her a glance, “…Nothing. Give me a moment.”
“Huh? Oh, okay?” Ann blinks, confused, as Akechi walks towards the door to the Velvet
Room.
The twins still guard the door, exchanging a glance with what seems to be nervous energy.
Akechi folds his arms, “What is it?”
“Your trial has been progressing well, inmate.” Justine comments mildly after a beat.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I thought court was in recess.”
Caroline scoffs, “That doesn’t mean the trial’s off! We’re not the only ones carrying out
judgement, you know.”
Considering how unengaged the Velvet Room is with his day-to-day affairs as of late, Akechi
supposes all burden of judgement is up to himself and the Phantom Thieves.
He can only muster general irritation towards the entire situation.
“Despite your good progress,” Justine continues after a moment, “We have some concerns.”
“Such as?” Akechi questions.
The twins exchange another look.
“Are you going to tell me or not?” Akechi snaps.
“Give us a second!” Caroline cracks her baton against the ground.
“We’re simply…” Justine frowns, “Unsure how to describe it.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “Is it something to do with the palace?”
“Sorta?” Caroline cocks her head.
“It would be more accurate to say that it is relevant to the boundary between the Metaverse
and reality.” Justine elaborates.
Now that, Akechi thinks, is certainly cause for concern.
“What’s wrong with it?” Akechi asks, sharp.
“Don’t get snappy, defendant!” Caroline’s frown deepens, “But, uh?”
“As we said.” Justine interjects serenely, “It is difficult to describe.”

“There’s nothing wrong with it.” Caroline manages to get out, “Not yet. ”
“Think of it as a structural flaw.” Justine adds.
“A flaw. ” Akechi repeats, incredulous. He eyes the still-closed courtroom door, “Has your
master had anything to say about that?”
If there’s anyone who could feasibly claim responsibility for a design issue with the
Metaverse, Akechi can only accuse the god of control. Or, if he were feeling spiteful, Maruki;
but, the timeline doesn’t line up by a long shot with him.
Caroline scoffs, “You think we’d bother our master with such pointless things?!”
“It hardly seems pointless if the cognitive world is at risk of merging with reality.” Akechi
says sardonically.
Justine narrows her eye, confused, “We never said anything about the fusing of reality.”
Shit. “It’s a reasonable assumption, if we’re talking about the veil between the two.” Akechi
bullshits.
Caroline scowls. “True…” She looks uncharacteristically nervous for a beat, “You don’t
think…?”
“That it could actually happen?” Justine finishes, gripping her clipboard a little closer to her
chest.
How much the twins do, or in this case, don’t know, is a fascinating endeavour, Akechi is
beginning to find.
“…Does the Metaverse exist for a specific purpose?” Akechi pushes, more to see what the
twins will say than anything else.
Justine frowns, “Why do you ask, defendant?”
“A structural flaw implies it was designed. ” Akechi points out.
It had been something that itched at Akechi’s brain for as long as he had known about the
cognitive world, before a neat little bow of answers was handed to him after he came back
from the dead, Ren explaining his escapades with fighting a god that ruled the bottom of
Mementos.
He hadn’t given much more thought to it, after that. Too preoccupied with the next god to
step up to the plate, and then all the nonsense that comes with time travel and the realisation
that the first god is ready to come in swinging for round two.
Yaldabaoth is the core of Mementos, but he’s clearly not so integral that something else can’t
take his place. There has to be something beyond the cognitive world, to facilitate the birth of
Yaldabaoth to begin with, not to mention the Velvet Room, and José.

(There’s a part of him, furiously excited, furiously spiteful, at learning more about this world
after so long.
Curiosity had devoured him at every turn, every new thing that almost killed him hiding a
million new mysteries about the depths of human psyche given form.
Wakaba had shared that curiosity, even if she was wildly off base before she could actually
access the Metaverse. Working off of rumours and hearsay for years.
And now, there’s a wellspring of answers before him with virtually no strings attached, but
they just can’t tell him. )
Maybe he should seek out José, when he gets the chance.
Justine taps her fingers against her clipboard, “We aren’t privy to such knowledge.”
Bullshit. Akechi can’t wait until Lavenza shows up. “Why even bother warning me about
anything if you’re not going to answer my questions when I inevitably ask?”
Caroline stomps her foot, “Just be grateful, defendant! Or else we’ll rake you through the
coals once court is back in session!”
Talking to the twins is like talking to a brick wall, at times. Akechi has no idea how far he
can push before they either snap at him, or whatever contingency Yaldabaoth put in place to
keep them in line triggers.
Akechi turns to leave, considering this whole conversation a lost cause, before Justine
interrupts him.
“Please, be careful defendant.” She says, expression grave, “We did not offer this concern
lightly.”
Faced with the deadly serious faces of the twins, the Temperance reaches its seventh rank.
Akechi nods, slowly, “I’ll keep it in mind.”
Ann is inspecting her hands when Akechi returns.
She blinks, “Oh, hey!” She frowns, looking confused, “What were you doing?”
“The same thing that Joker does.” Akechi says by way of explanation, folding his arms and
leaning against a pillar.
Ann gives a hum of understanding, before her brow furrows, “Wait, what is it that Ren does
again…?”
Akechi has a bone to pick with whoever decided to make the Velvet Room imperceptible.
The annoyance it has caused him far outweighs the practical reasons, in his opinion.

Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose, avoiding eye contact with the twins across the way,
“Let’s just wait for Niijima to show up.”
***
“Excuse me.” Akechi smiles brightly to the shadow manning the prizes desk in the high-limit
floor, “Could I trouble you to duplicate the coins on this card?”
Ann and Makoto stand off to the side. No one had said much as they ascended the elevator,
the knowledge that it would be their last time doing so looming over their heads.
He assumes that it looms over Makoto far more than it does Ann.
Akechi can’t wait to get out of here.
The shadow tilts its head, taking the card for Yuko Suzui in its hand, “You may, sir. You’ll
have to pay off your debt of ten thousand first, though.”
“Of course.” Akechi says easily.
Some trade later, Akechi returns to Ann and Makoto, now with over one million coins on
their combined cards. Makoto wastes no time marching towards the stairs leading to the
bridge of judgement, Akechi and Ann left to trail behind her.
Makoto forcefully shoves the card under her name into the machine.
One-hundred thousand coins are required to activate the bridge of judgement, The machine
announces, Pay?
“Yes.” Makoto says aloud, “Please.” She tacks on.
A beat.
“Well done.” Sae’s voice mocks through the machine. “I’m surprised to see you’ve made it
this far.”
Makoto’s fists are clenched tight, “Well.” She says haltingly, “We did.”
The shadow hums, “I can see that.” She laughs, “Unfortunately, the price-”
“Is now one million coins?” Akechi interrupts. It was a lot more fun letting all this play out
when he was taking everyone by surprise, but now he just wants to get this over with. “I think
you’ll find the requisite coins right here.”
Akechi adds the Yuko Suzui card to the machine, and allows himself to indulge in Sae’s
shocked silence for just a moment.
Sae chuckles lowly, “I should have expected something like this.” There’s a chime from the
machine, “Fine. Come on up, why don’t you? I think you’ll find that we have one last game to
play.”

Ann puffs out her cheeks, “Don’t like the sound of that…” She mumbles, as the scale bridge
shifts and lowers into place, the stairs angling to the adjacent building.
They ascend the stairs to the manager’s floor, eyeing the entrance warily as it approaches.
Makoto huffs under her breath, pushing ahead with a determined stride.
The layout of the floor is different.
It’s hard to miss. The plinth where the unformed treasure used to sit is gone entirely, replaced
with a green table innocently sporting a deck of cards at its centre. The lighting is dimmer,
the entire room smaller, lit only with a single chandelier hanging directly over the table.
At the table’s head, Sae’s shadow waits, leaning back in her chair with a mocking smirk.
Great.
“Hi, sis.” Makoto says weakly.
The shadow laughs, “So kind of the three of you to join me.” She taps her nails against the
edge of the table, “Normally, I’d call all this turnabout fair play, but…” She shrugs,
performative, “I do have some… issues, with how you made your way up here.”
“What are you talking about?” Makoto snaps, “We have the required coins, don’t we?”
“Is our appearance here really so humiliating for you?” Akechi drawls.
The shadow sneers, “Not at all. But I think you’ll find that whether you really earned those
coins is still up for debate.”
“Are you talking about the coliseum?” Ann asks, then scowls, “But you’re the one who said
we technically still won! And you’re the one cheated in the first place!”
“Am I?” Sae asks, lackadaisical, “I think you’ll find that I’m the casino manager, and what I
say goes. I’m allowed to change my mind, aren’t I?”
Makoto puffs up, “That’s not fair-”
“Life isn’t fair.” The shadow snaps back, “I think I’m being awfully generous, all things
considered.”
She reaches forward for the deck of cards in the centre of the table, and starts idly shuffling
them with a practised grace.
“I’m not revoking the coins you’ve earned.” She explains, “But, you can’t deny that you bent
the rules. I want… a tiebreaker.”
Akechi glares, “One last game, is it? Against you, I assume?”
“You’d be correct, Akechi.” Sae laughs, “Poker. Winner take all.”

“How many hands?” Makoto asks sharply.
The shadow hums, as if considering, “It depends. How long will it take for you to give up?”
She clicks her fingers, and a faceless shadow in the employee’s uniform bursts into existence
at the side of the table. She hands over the deck of cards, and gestures to the chair at the
opposite head of the table.
Ann sharply tugs Akechi and Makoto backwards. “Have either of you ever played poker
before?” She whispers.
“…No.” Makoto admits after a beat, “But I know the rules.”
“I have played.” Akechi admits.
Makoto gives him an incredulous look, “When? ”
Akechi shrugs, “Shido forces me to play nice at parties sometimes.”
Makoto looks like she has a lot more to say to that, but she sighs, and shakes her head, “Well,
whatever. I don’t think that being good at poker is going to help us here.”
“Really?” Ann asks, worrying her lip between her teeth.
“Even ignoring the fact that poker is an extremely luck-based game,” Akechi begins, “This
game is almost certainly rigged. Sae-san looks to confident for anything else to be the case.”
“She’s trying to prove a point.” Makoto agrees. She sighs, and gives Akechi a look, “I don’t
suppose you planned for this?”
“No.” Akechi says, flat, “This didn’t happen last time.”
Ann claps her hands together with a grimace, “Okay, so maybe we’re screwed. But!” She
interrupts herself with a flourish, “Niijima-san said we could have as many rounds as we
wanted, right? Just so long as we don’t throw in the towel?”
Makoto’s frown turns contemplative, “I suppose… I don’t think she meant that literally, but
now that she’s said it…”
“Her word is worth something. ” Akechi concedes, “So long as we don’t drag it out too long,
I’m sure she’ll enjoy watching us flounder enough that she’ll let us go for a few more
rounds.”
“Does taking a seat really require such an arduous decision-making process?” Sae
interrupts, loudly.
Makoto kicks Akechi’s shin covertly, “You’re the only one who’s played before.” She
whispers, “You should at least play the first round.”
Akechi concedes to this, stiffly sitting down as Ann and Makoto hover at his sides.

“The bet is simple.” Sae’s shadow says, smile curving like a knife, “If you win, you get to
proceed. If I win, you don’t.”
“Very simple.” Akechi agrees blandly.
“Of course.” Sae nods to the dealer, who starts setting out two stacks of five cards, face
down, “We’ll keep the game simple, too. Whoever has the higher hand, wins.”
“Wait, so it’s just luck?” Ann whispers, “Like, no… fuckery at all?”
“Usually poker is more of a social game.” Makoto whispers back, “But since we’re not
actually betting anything, there’s no room for bluffing or smart plays.”
“And it’s her deck of cards.” Akechi murmurs, picking up his stack of cards as the dealer
slides it to him. He turns it face-up, towards himself, and suppresses a grimace even as
Makoto makes a dissatisfied sound.
Across the table, Sae laughs, and spreads out her cards, revealing three fours and two queens,
“Full house. And you?”
“Two pair.” Akechi announces, tossing his hand of two threes, two kings, and a five onto the
table.
Sae gives him a faux-pitying look, “Looks like I win.” She clicks her fingers, and the cards
shoot back into the deck, which the dealer immediately begins shuffling. “Care for another
game?”
“Wait.” Makoto interjects quickly, “I’d like to request a different dealer.”
Sae’s shadow tilts her head, golden eyes turning to look at her sister, “…Who would you like
to request?”
“Me.” Makoto says immediately.
The shadow laughs, “So, what? You can shuffle it in your favour?”
“You’ll be watching the whole time.” Makoto points out. “Unless you’re afraid I’ll notice
there’s something wrong with the deck.”
Sae scoffs, “Of course not. No, and that’s final.”
“Then Panther.” Makoto snaps.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, but no protest.
“Uhh, me?” Ann looks befuddled.
Sae raises an eyebrow to match Akechi, “What makes you think my answer will be any
different?”

“Your insistence on having a dealer of your choosing is highly suspicious.” Makoto says
tightly.
Akechi isn’t sure how much of this game of I know that you know is entirely necessary. It’s
always been a bit unclear, in Sae’s palace, exactly how much the ruler shadow is aware of or
cares about at any given time.
“Really, Sae-san.” Akechi says mildly, “Queen makes some good points. You’ll be able to see
the way the deck is handled at all times.”
Sae stares the three of them down, before sneering, “Alright. I’ll bite. You can do it.” She
nods to Makoto.
Makoto looks surprised, but quickly shuffles over to the dealer’s side of the table as the
shadow quietly dissipates. She picks up the deck, splitting it in two, shuffling it by fanning
the two stacks together.
As she tucks all the cards back into a singular pile, she deals out the next round, placing
alternating cards between the two decks.
She slides both the stacks forward, and Akechi picks up his hand. Ann leans over his
shoulder to squint at their cards, and scowls.
“She couldn’t have given us all aces, or something?” Ann whispers.
“Not with the shadow watching.” Akechi mutters, hiding his mouth from the opposite end of
the table with his cards.
“A straight.” Sae’s shadow announces, dropping a sequential set of cards of varying suits,
valued three to seven, on the table.
“…High card.” Akechi places his set of completely useless cards on the table. No pairs to
speak of, let alone something to beat a straight.
“My, how unfortunate.” Sae’s smirk is back in full force, “Ready to throw in the towel?”
“Of course not.” Makoto snaps, already retrieving the cards and reshuffling them back into
the deck.
She deals out the next round, and shoots Akechi a meaningful look as she passes him his set
of five cards.
Akechi is careful not to show any reaction, suddenly grateful for his helmet-like mask as he
picks up his stack of- Six cards?
Playing the long game, is she? Clever.

A two of spades, a five of hearts, a queen of hearts, two sevens, spades and diamonds, and…
a joker.
Funny.
Akechi lets the joker card drop into his tattered sleeve.
The only reaction that Ann lets out is a short gasp, so quiet that only Akechi could have
heard. He sends her his silent thanks.
“Four of a kind.” Sae calls, placing four sixes and a five down.
Akechi would be very hard-pressed to beat that even under normal circumstances. “Onepair.” He says, revealing his measly double sevens and other assorted nonsense with a
flourish.
“Surely you’re getting bored.” Sae prods, as Makoto collects their cards.
“It’s pretty exciting, actually.” Ann counters with a nervous laugh. Akechi doubts her acting
skills will ever truly improve.
Sae hums dubiously, “Really, now?”
“Are we starting the next hand, or not?” Akechi snipes, “It was you who offered infinite
rounds with no consequences.”
“You’ll give up yet.” Sae sneers, as Makoto deals out the next set, “You can’t win. Not
against me.”
“We’ll see.” Akechi hums, as he picks up his cards.
Seven, this time. He must commend Makoto’s sleight of hand. Though, he hopes she isn’t
playing it too risky to speed things up.
Two twos, diamonds and hearts, two kings, spades and diamonds, a seven of diamonds, a
jack of spades, and an ace of spades.
Options, then.
Choose wisely. Robin warns.
Going by pure card value, it would make sense to pocket the ace and a king, or perhaps the
pair of kings.
But in order to beat Sae, he needs a perfect hand. Or, as near perfect as he can feasibly get.
The joker swimming in the fabric of his sleeve is already a major hurdle cleared, but…
He can only assume that Sae’s cognition means he will always be dealt a hand that is of lesser
value than hers.

He lets the twos drop into his sleeve, alongside the joker.
“Full house again.” Sae says with some amusement, placing down her three queens and two
kings.
“One pair. Again.” Akechi says flatly, placing down his remaining cards.
“Hey, so how long is this gonna go on for?” Ann hisses in his ear.
“We are infinitely lucky that Sae-san has more patience than you.” Akechi hisses back.
“Hey!”
Akechi sees Makoto’s lips twitch up at their back and forth, as she starts dealing out the fifth
round of cards.
“Hold on.”
Makoto freezes.
“You dealt two cards at once, there.” Sae accuses, eyes narrowed.
Makoto opens and closes her mouth, “…My mistake.” She eventually says. “Shall I
reshuffle?”
“No, I don’t think it was a mistake.” The shadow leans back.
“T-the cards stick together a bit, sometimes-” Makoto stammers.
“No.” Sae interrupts, “They don’t.” She clicks her fingers, “I think we’ll be going back to
our original dealer, now.”
Makoto stumbles back as a shadow bursts into existence at her feet. She glares, and shuffles
back over to where she was standing to the other side of Akechi’s chair.
“It’s quite lucky that I caught you so soon.” Sae says with mock sincerity, “Our game is
unaffected. If you had managed to actually cheat, well…” She smirks, “I think my generosity
would find its limit.”
The shadow dealer reshuffles the cards, and begins setting them out.
Akechi picks up his hand.
“Are we set?” Makoto whispers a question, having no way of knowing which cards she had
actually sent Akechi’s way.
Akechi grins in response.
“Straight flush.” Sae laughs, revealing her hand of all diamonds, four to eight, on the table.
“I believe that’s enough, don’t you think? I think I’ve proven it quite handily- there’s no way
to beat me in my own-”

“Five of a kind.” Akechi announces, spreading four twos and a joker onto the table.
Sae stands up so fast that her chair falls over “What?!”
“I believe that’s our win, no?” Akechi smirks as Ann cheers, “And I believe you outlined that
in our case, one win is final.”
“Shut up!” Sae’s shadow shrieks, golden eyes burning, “You think you can play me for a
fool? This is my world!”
Shit, shit, those words are familiar; they need to calm her down now unless they want this to
break out into a brawlThe dealer shadow bursts into nonexistence, and Sae’s hat flutters to the ground as she
staggers back, “You think you can play games, here? You think this is all so funny, one big
joke! ”
“You’re the one who thinks justice is a casino! ” Makoto spits, shoulders tight and fists
clenched.
“There aren’t any games in this place!” The shadow snarls, “A game means you can win,
and the only one winning here is me! Do you think anyone waltzing in to be judged really
believes they’ll get a fair shot? This is what justice is, and those who try and run from the
scale should just-”
“You have such high regard for yourself.” Akechi sneers, the thrum of the arcana in his chest
all bitter and wrong that it pushes bile up his throat.
“And you, ” Sae seethes, her glare narrowing sharply at Akechi, “You’re so above it all. How
dare you; the Moon. ” She spits, black and red bubbling at her feet, “Is that what you think I
am? Insecure? A liar?”
Akechi feels his lip curl, so much for deescalating, “You-”
“And what do you think you are, sis?” Makoto shouts.
The shadow’s eyes flick to her sister, “Stay out of this, Makoto.”
“No!” Makoto slams her knuckles down against the table, “No, I’ve been here this whole
time, and you haven’t even cared! And now you’re telling me to stay out?”
“You’re acting,” Sae says, clipped, “Like a child.”
“Really?!” Makoto sputters, face flushing red, “You’re the one sitting here and cheating at
card games! ”
“You want to play holier-than-thou?” The shadow scoffs, “Don’t act like you’re some
shining pillar of virtue! Running around playing thief like a rat! This attitude of yours will
crumble the second you have to face the real world.”

“This isn’t the real world!” Makoto’s jaw audibly grinds, “Do you think dad would have-”
“Don’t bring him into this.” Sae warns, deceptively calm, that bubbling black and red
swirling a little faster.
Makoto takes a sharp breath, “Do you think,” She enunciates, clearly, “That dad would have
been happy with this?”
“What do I care?!” Sae shouts, “He’s dead, all because he seemed to think upholding justice
is all sunshine and fucking rainbows! And then what about us? What about me? I’m doing
exactly what he wanted, Makoto, since pinning down criminals was so damn important to
him!”
The red and black dissipates all at once, the shadow dropping to her knees, barely visible
from behind the table.
Makoto doesn’t immediately fire anything back. She takes a shaky breath, clenching and
unclenching her fists as she cracks her knuckles one by one with her thumbs.
“…So you’re making excuses, then.” Makoto says, not really a question.
“Do you know how much I have to work, to make sure we don’t starve?” Sae mutters, low,
“So that we aren’t thrown out like yesterday’s trash? If you’re not excelling, you’re nothing.
There’s no such thing as scraping by.”
“You think they’ll fire you at the drop of a hat?” Makoto asks, incredulous.
“You don’t understand.” Sae glares, “You just get to live with no consequences. Prancing
around with your friends, acting like you have all the time in the world before things
change.”
“Is that really how you think of me?” Makoto says, quiet, but her voice carries, “Still?”
Sae says nothing.
Akechi sees Makoto’s expression twist. Ann shifts uncomfortably.
Makoto clicks her tongue, “Whatever. Just- fine.” She turns on her heel and starts pacing.
Even as Makoto storms off, Akechi stands from his chair and makes his way over to the
shadow.
“What?” She snaps.
He doesn’t bother squatting down, even as she’s half-collapsed on the floor, “Why do you
think of me that way?”
The shadow blinks, “What?” She repeats, a genuine question this time.

“The cognition of me.” Akechi clarifies, “He could get away with anything, until he couldn’t.
Why?”
Sae’s lip curls, “Why do you think, Akechi?”
“I thought,” Akechi begins, “That we had something of an understanding.”
Even as built on lies that it was. Even if it was pointless, something that never would have
lasted until the end of the year.
Sae’s expression twists even more, “You’re always so unaffected. You’d indulge me whenever
I complained, but you didn’t care. People were falling over at your feet to praise and agree
with you, the teenager who made it big overnight.”
Akechi stares, waiting.
“And then you were gone just as fast.” Sae continues, looking furious, betrayed by something
in her voice that Akechi doesn’t care to identify, “All that arrogance and you died just the
same as everyone else.”
“I’m not dead.” Akechi points out the obvious.
“Are you really living?” Sae spits, “You think you’ll just be able to pick everything back up
once you come out of whatever it is you’re doing? Hiding? Running?”
Akechi presses his lips together, “I didn’t like my job much anyway.”
Sae glares at him, “Then what were you wasting everyone’s time for?”
Akechi smiles, TV ready, “I’m sure you’ll hear all about it rather soon.”
The Moon grows to rank eight.
Sae stares him down, “Get out.”
Akechi scoffs, and turns around to walk back to Ann and Makoto.
Makoto shuffles on her feet.
“I don’t know what the point of this was.” She admits, very quietly.
Akechi casts an eye to Sae’s shadow, still staring at the ground, looking lost, “…I think
you’ve accomplished something.”
Makoto scoffs wetly, “Like what?”
“How about you say all that shit to her in reality and find out?”
Makoto laughs, brighter, but only just, and the High Priestess grows to its seventh rank.
“Let’s get out of here.” She announces, brushing past Ann and Akechi.

Ann chews on her lip, looking more than a bit out of her depth, “Think it’s fine if we leave
her here?” She gestures to the shadow.
Akechi shrugs, “We can hardly take her with us.” The Moon thrums, “And I think she’ll be
fine.”
Ann nods, looking slightly mollified.
“I’m with Niijima on this one.” Akechi continues, “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
***
The sea of souls holds endless depths.
It shouldn’t. There are a finite number of humans, and there always will be, even as time
marches on and the sea is less an ocean and more a rushing river. By logic, there should
always be a quantifiable amount of information trapped within the depths of the collective
human unconscious.
And yet, it is infinite.
There isn’t much point to dwelling on it.
The fact that it is infinite is rather helpful, in fact. It’s almost amusing, that it is humanity’s
own repressed thoughts that continue to nearly bring about their destruction- some in more
permanent ways than others.
Some of these beings are more powerful than others, too.
The god tests the stretch of its face in a wide grin. It never quite gets old, knowing that he definitively, categorically, quantifiably- holds more power than the old fool that could do
nothing but spout nonsense about bonds right up until his sanctuary was entirely usurped.
He oughtn’t be overconfident. He can’t help but indulge himself, sometimes.
It is something of a miracle, that the unfathomable depths of humanity also spawned a being
that can fold time at its whim. The god admits that he thought time to be absolute, immutable,
like death; but apparently his opponents in this game are sore losers.
All it grants him is a second chance to win. To have come so close, only to be beaten by his
opponent’s champion that crumbled not a month later almost stings.
Not this time.
It is irritating, though, the god thinks, that his own champion is being such a bother. And that
shared link the wildcards both have- the Faith, or the Magician. The god finally got a closer
look, once the trickster remembered his bond with her, but- nothing. Nothing out of place at
all. By all accounts, an entirely normal human girl, aside from the ability to wield a persona.
No matter. She’s not relevant to his game.

The game half feels like a farce, by now. The rules have been entirely discarded. If chess
pieces realise they’re on a board, then is there any point to continue playing?
Of course there is. Just because all participants in this wager are being difficult, doesn’t mean
that the god isn’t in a position to get things back on track.
But how to go about doing so?
The border between Mementos and reality is malleable by design. It was quite the task, to
create something that would only shatter when the god willed it.
Or, more accurately, something that would only shatter when the time was right.
Unfortunate, now that the god needs to do some intervention.
The Velvet Room rumbles as he tugs on another thread.
There’s a knock at the door -a courtroom, for now- and the voice of the shattered attendant
filters through, “Everything okay in there?” high and concerned.
“Just fine, girls.” The god replies, dropping the thread.
Strength and Temperance. Not nearly as obedient as they ought to be.
But, as they are, they can do nothing.
Another thread, another rumble.
There’s another frantic knock, “Are you sure?”
The god doesn’t bother with a response.
Perhaps the next thread will be the one.

Chapter End Notes

Why, hello! I'm melting, unfortunately.
I dearly wanted Ann to say The Line during that poker scene, but i practised restraint.
Also I had to look up how to play poker to write that scene only to discard most of it for
just the hands, so. I still don't know how to play poker actually HAHAHA
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! Goodness! A triple!

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 8
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 6
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Justine: Be on your guard, defendant.
Akechi: Oh? About what?
[reality cracks]
Akechi: Are you talking about that?
Caroline: eh. who knows. it just does that sometimes.

Chapter 75
Chapter Summary

A minor complication.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The god picks up another thread.
It pulls loose.
Unstable, inconsistent, butFound it.
***
Something doesn’t feel right.
Not that anything ever quite does, in the Metaverse. But especially now, Akechi feels Robin
sound an alarm every which way at nothing at all.
He spots the twins at the entrance to the Velvet Room. Justine is furiously rifling through her
clipboard. Caroline is chewing on her lip, visible even from the other end of the entrance.
Akechi turns away.
“Are we ready?” Ann asks, looking exhausted.
“Yes.” Makoto says, just as tired, “I think I could collapse.”
“Try and hold out.” Akechi says, mild. “We’ve got to trek through Mementos yet.”
Ann groans, “I wish Mona was here…” She mutters, tapping through her phone to reach the
Nav, “Then we could drive home at least.”
“You can’t drive.” Makoto points out.
“Doesn’t stop Joker!” Ann points out with a bit of cheer, “Anyway,” She brings the phone up
to her mouth, “Mementos.”
Incapable of Navigation. The Nav chimes.
Akechi blinks.

Ann looks nervously at her phone, “Uhm?”
“…Try again maybe?” Makoto suggests.
“Mementos.” Ann says again.
Incapable of Navigation. The Nav repeats.
Akechi opens his mouth to make a suggestion of his own-Before experiencing a very uncomfortable sensation.
When exiting the Metaverse, or shifting between two distortions, one is often braced for it.
Even if they aren’t, it’s still something that fades in its intensity the more it is experienced.
It’s familiar, like a sailor laughing off the rock and sway of waves.
This is not that.
A violent displacement, like being grabbed by the throat and pulled, back, far, out- left?
Down. Up.
Akechi’s knees slam to the floor as the world rights itself, digging into dirt and prickling
branches. He hears a yelp from Ann, and a grunt from Makoto, as the bushes they’ve tumbled
into shake with the force of their sudden appearance.
“Who’s there?” A sharp voice rings out.
Akechi holds his breath.
A flashlight scans over the bushes, held by an officer haloed by the light still emanating from
the courthouse, decked out in far more gear than is usually necessary for an ordinary
patrolman.
“Find something?” Someone calls.
After another pass, and a scoff, the man mutters to himself, “Just some stray I guess…”
Akechi waits until the man is far, far away before tilting his head barely a degree to look at
Ann and Makoto. Their faces are drawn tight, panicked.
It’s too dark to lipread anything. Making any sound at all is a risk, but…
“Can you activate the Nav?” Akechi asks.
“What if we drag someone in with us?” Makoto hisses back.
“Better than staying out here!” Ann breathes, awkwardly reaching for her phone from where
she’s still splayed out underneath the bushes, turning the brightness right down as quickly as
she can.
“Turn it on silent.” Makoto reminds her.

Ann nods, tapping at the side buttons, and types out Mementos rather than saying it. She
presses her lips together, and winces, turning the phone to show Akechi and Makoto the
screen.
Incapable of Navigation, The Nav reads.
Akechi suppresses the stream of curses that threaten to spill from his mouth.
“Can we just run for it?” Ann asks.
Makoto’s eyes dart around, and she quickly shoots her head out of the bushes to take a better
look at their surroundings.
She drops back down, looking grim. “There are at least five police officers in this area
alone.”
Akechi takes a slow breath.
“What are they doing here?!” Ann asks, her voice barely brushing the limit of acceptable
volume. “Do they really need so much security at a courthouse?”
“No.” Akechi states, “Not usually, and certainly not like this.”
“What the hell is this , then?” Makoto hisses.
“Nothing good.” Akechi mutters, chancing his own look around. He’d actually wager there’s
about six or seven officers close to them. He drops back down, “We may have been
expected.”
“But how? ” Makoto demands, looking a bit desperate.
“How should I know?” Akechi glares, “Maybe they’re here for some other reason, and we’re
just supremely unlucky.”
“We just need to get out.” Ann decides, tugging furiously at her hair, “Maybe we can’t run,
but can we, I dunno, stealth?”
“These bushes are good cover…” Makoto says in vague agreement.
“We can’t move directly through them.” Akechi points out, “They’d make too much noise.
Not to mention the branches.”
“Oh god.” Ann says in a whine, clearly beginning to grasp what exactly it is they’ll have to
do.
“Where should we even head?” Makoto whispers as she places a comforting hand on Ann’s
shoulder, “The courthouse? There’s more places to hide, in that direction.”
“We’d be trapping ourselves, wouldn’t we?” Akechi counters.

“Maybe we could wait it out, though.” Makoto bites at her lip.
“Can’t we just go towards the street?” Ann mumbles.
Akechi frowns as he weighs their options.
No matter what they do, they’re going to have to dodge past officers with next to no cover. It
is entirely dark out, thankfully. He has faith in his own stealth, and he hopes that Ann and
Makoto have picked up something after being thieves for so many months.
The entrance to the courthouse is grandiose. A long paved road leading to the doors of the
building, lined with pillars. Towards the court; fences and more gardens. Towards the road; a
plaza and the empty air.
“Let’s try the street.” Akechi decides. And adds, drily: “No sense in prolonging the inevitable
if we’re going to be caught.”
“Please don’t joke.” Makoto snaps, looking a bit ill.
Akechi hums noncommittally, and extricates himself from the bush with as much grace and
silence as he can.
Ann and Makoto follow suit, looking around wildly to check that there aren’t any officers
within their immediate line of sight.
“There’s some more over there.” Makoto murmurs, narrowing her eyes at the mirrored set of
bushes across the path.
At the very least, Akechi thinks wryly, this number is nothing comparative to the force he
brought into Sae’s palace last timeline.
They all flinch and duck as another flashlight is pointed within their vicinity.
“How long are we going to have to be here?” An officer grouses, walking up to another.
“The boss was pretty confident they’d show up.” The second grunts.
The first scoffs, “What’d he have, a premonition?”
“Maybe.” The second says flatly, equally bored as his coworker.
They pass by in a pair, their conversation fading as the walk out of earshot.
“So they were waiting for us?” Ann’s eyes are wide, fixed on the retreating officers.
“…We don’t know that for certain.” Makoto says lowly, diplomatic, “I mean, just- how? ”
“Maybe their boss had a premonition.” Akechi mutters. Ann kicks him.
“Not even the other thieves know we’re here.” Makoto pushes, “…Could my sister have-?”

Akechi shakes his head, “It’s not like we sent her a calling card. The worst she should have is
a headache.” He points out, “There’s no point dwelling on it. We just need to get out. ”
“Agreed.” Ann mutters.
Akechi sends one last cursory glance to the area- some of the cops have wandered a bit
closer. Not ideal, but moving now is better than waiting around for some hypothetical perfect
configuration of officers.
“We can’t head towards the street.” Makoto whispers, “There are police cars there, see?”
Shit. “Just pick a path. ” Akechi snarls.
Makoto very dearly looks like she would like to start a fight, but instead just grinds her jaw,
“Come on. We’ll have to go the long way.”
They stalk along the edges of the bush, towards the courthouse, having to half crawl, the
height of the plan not nearly tall enough to cover their standing heights. The building, Akechi
thinks as they approach it, should provide them with a bit of cover, at least.
They all freeze as a cop marches by in a huff, not paying much attention to his surroundings.
“Oi, Yamamoto,” He shouts to another officer, “Find anything?”
The second one sniffs, “Nah. Rei thought he heard a cat in the bushes or something.”
“Did the boss say how many people we were lookin’ for?”
Akechi signals for Ann and Makoto to keep moving, their closest threats distracted.
“Sure didn’t.” A short laugh, laden with irony, “Definitely more than one, though. S’ thieves,
plural, isn’t it?”
Makoto mutters a quiet curse.
“Guess so. Could be misleadin’, though.”
“ Maybe. Seems like a lot of effort. Plus, you really think one person could do all this?
They’re supposed to be high schoolers or something.”
The bush ends, and the three of them dash to press against the stairs leading up to the doors
of the courthouse. There’s less cover here, given that the court doors are lit up like a stage,
but there aren’t many other places to hide other than just running through the open air and
hoping every officer just happens to be looking elsewhere.
Akechi hears the cop pacing the patio at the top of the stairs stop walking.
The glow from his flashlight bobs slightly, painting the grass above the shadow cast by the
stairs.

“…Hey.” Says a voice from above, “Does someone want to check over here-”
Makoto dashes to the next set of bushes.
“ Hey! I see ‘em!”
Akechi grabs Ann by the hand and sprints in the opposite direction, hiding from direct light.
“Where?!”
“I don’t see anything, Sato.”
“I saw them! I swear! There’s four of ‘em, I think.”
“You think? ”
Akechi crouches, rigid, behind yet another set of bushes -these ones a bit taller- Ann
desperately gripping his palm.
“They didn’t catch her, did they?” Ann breathes.
“I think you’re seein’ things, Sato.”
“I’m not! They were right here!”
“Keep an eye out. If you did see them then they don’t have anywhere to hide for long.”
“Not yet.” Akechi whispers back.
They both tense as circles of light scan around, footfalls pacing nearby.
Akechi sees the writing on the wall.
“…Ann.” He whispers.
“Don’t you dare.” Ann hisses back, reading the same thing.
“ Listen to me,” He snarls, “We have options.”
“What you’re thinking is not an option! ” Ann snaps quietly.
“We have enough information to take a calculated risk.” Akechi says, slowly, “If this is
Shido, then between the three of us, they’re least likely to just kill me outright. I expect
they’ll want to rub it in.”
“Want they won’t information from whoever they catch, though?” Ann points out, looking
barely an inch away from hysterical.
“But they know I have the information they want.” Akechi explains, calm as he can, and why
can’t she see that now is not the time to be difficult, “If you or Niijima gets caught, they’ll use

you as a scapegoat no matter what, but they might give up on getting information from you if
you hold out too long.”
“That’s all just- speculation!” Ann whispers furiously.
“They don’t know who you are.” Akechi grits back, “Don’t paint a target on your back when
there’s already one on mine. We don’t need yours or Niijima’s identity leading them back to
everyone else.”
“Do you have an argument for everything?” Ann snaps.
“Of course.” Akechi snaps back, “Now are you going to make this more painful for everyone,
or are you going to work with me on this?”
Ann stares him down, lips pressed together so tightly they’re turning white. She fumbles for
her phone, and whispers: “Mementos.”
The screen reads: Incapable of Navigatio“Fine.” Ann spits, “Fine! Do your bullshit.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Don’t trick yourself into believing that I’m happy with this.”
“Then don’t do it!”
“Do you know how annoying it will be if you or Niijima get yourselves killed?” Akechi
hisses, “ I can do this. You all let Joker walk into the line of fire last timeline so why not
now- ”
“Well this isn’t then is it!” Ann shoots back as loudly as she dares, “Just- fine! But don’t you
dare think that-!” She cuts herself off.
Akechi gets the gist.
“Get out of here.” He instructs, shuffling away just an inch, “Find Niijima, while you’re at
it.”
“What if she tries to help you?” Ann whispers.
“She won’t.” Akechi says firmly. Makoto isn’t stupid. She’ll understand what she needs to
do.
Ann bites her lip.
“ Go. ” Akechi pushes.
The Sun grows to rank seven.
Ann stands and sprints, ducking low.
One officer’s head snaps to the noise, turning to another, “Hey, is that-?”

Akechi doesn’t let them speculate for long.
He kicks the bush at his side, branches snapping, echoing across the plaza.
“ Hey! ” The closest officer turns away from where Ann had run, eyes widening.
Akechi pastes on a grimace, and grips his ankle, put on a show, “Shit-”
A bark of laughter, narrow spotlights all turning at the commotion, “Looks like the boss was
right after all… Guess you did spot ‘em, Sato.”
Akechi doesn’t have to act when he flinches away from the sudden light burning into his
eyes.
“Well, look who it is?” One officer drawls, roughly grabbing Akechi by the shoulder, joined
by another, tailed by ten, fifteen.
“Only one…” Another mutters.
“Well don’t just stand there!” The cop digging his fingers into Akechi’s shoulder orders,
“You said there were four, didn’t you?”
“There’s no one else.” Akechi spits.
“Yeah, yeah,” The cop at his side snorts, “Sure, detective. Aren’t you supposed to be dead or
something? Funny. Looks like you were on the run instead.”
Akechi flashes his TV smile, “It does, doesn’t it?”
The cop scoffs, and shoves him to the ground.
This, Akechi muses with gritted teeth, as a boot grinds against his face, is going to be a
nightmare.
***
A ring. A Click.
“Looks like you were right, boss.”
It’s rare to get a call from this officer in particular. The SIU director must be busy. “I’m
always right.” An indulgent laugh on the other end of the line. “How many?”
A click of the tongue. “Just the one. It’s him.”
“Him? Their leader?”
“Nah. Y’know,” Is the vague response, “Probably the best one we could have caught. The
detective.”

Goodness, that is a surprise. And excellent news. “How interesting. You’ll be questioning
him, then?”
“Of course.”
“You know what questions need to be asked?”
The smile is audible. “You’re damn right I do. I’ve got some ideas on how to get my answers,
too.”
Excellent news indeed.
***
It’s almost pathetically easy to run from the courthouse once Akechi has them distracted.
Ann is three streets away before she stops.
God, shit, fuck, shit shit shit, this can’tShe hears heavy footsteps behind her, “Ann!” Makoto’s voice gasps.
“Makoto-” Ann chokes out, turning around, “What do we-?”
“I don’t know.” Makoto’s voice wavers, and Ann takes it as confirmation that she saw what
happened.
How could she not? There we so many of them, crowing their victory with laughs and jeers
and god fucking damnit“We need to tell everyone.” Ann wrings her hands together.
“Over text? ” Makoto counters, pulling out her phone anyway.
“Call someone then.” Ann snaps, taking out her phone too. It’s still open to the Metanav
when she turns it on, and why couldn’t the stupid thing have just worked?
“ Who? ” Makoto pushes, furiously scrolling through her contacts, “Sumire? Haru? We don’t
even know what’s going to happen to-” She cuts herself off with a sharp breath. “I’m calling
sis.”
Ann doesn’t know if that will help.
Makoto waits four rings before giving up. “…She’s not…” She swallows, “Who do we-?”
“Ren.” Ann decides for her, and calls him before she gets the chance.
It takes two rings before he picks up.
“Ann?” Ren’s voice filters through, so casual and unbothered that Ann wants to snap at him
even though he doesn’t know yet, and oh god- “What’s up?”

“Ren.” Ann breathes out. She bites her lip, and gives a watery smile to the empty air,
“Something’s come up.”
***
It’s just past eleven.
Sae has stayed at work later. Sometimes, she’s even stayed all night. But it’s still far later than
she enjoys.
But, still, she can’t leave quite yet. The complete lack of progress on both the Phantom
thieves’ case, and the cases of the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns, -all
combined cases, at this point- means that the director is breathing down her neck with
pointed comments and passive aggressive threats.
It doesn’t help that she has a splitting headache to contend with as well.
She finishes her re-review of evidence they’ve had for months with a sharp snap of her
fingers over the keyboard of her laptop, pushing it shut.
She massages her temples, headache bordering a migraine. Maybe she should head home
early“Wrapping up, Niijima-san?” An officer she can’t remember the name of asks cheerfully.
“I might.” She admits. This is why she avoids doing work at the precinct. Everyone is just a
bit too chatty, often not in a particularly kind way, but it’s far easier to get her hands on
evidence here.
The officer raises his eyebrows, surprised, “Really? I figured you’d be staying here all night.”
Does she really have that reputation by now? “I need rest just the same as anyone else.” She
mutters.
“Sure, but I thought since we had a big break in the Phantom Thieves case…” The man trails
off, contemplative.
Sae’s head snaps up, “We did? When?”
The officer blinks, “Did no one tell you?” He laughs, “Guess I’m the messenger, then. They
caught one of ‘em. Just next door, at the courthouse, apparently. The director got a whole
squad together and everything.”
Distantly, Sae is grateful for the fact she was sitting down to receive that news.
“Where are they holding them?” She stands, shoving her belongings into her bag.
The officer waves a hand, “One of the interrogation rooms underground. Good luck getting
them to tell you anything, though. They’re keeping the guy’s identity under wraps. I heard

one of the guys gossiping that it was some teenager, though. They’re saying he’s the leader,
too.”
Sae feels like she can’t breathe. Finally, finally, something to work with.
“I’ll make them cooperate.” She snaps, “This is my case- none of this should be classified to
me.”
The man shrugs, looking disbelieving, “Good luck with that, Niijima-san.” And, oh, Sae can’t
wait to see his face once she gets the thief to spill all his secrets.
It’s time to get some answers.
***
This wasn’t supposed to happen.
What was supposed to happen, then?
This is exactly what Ren was trying to avoid.
He thinks his heart might have stopped. Everything feels a bit surreal.
He had walked back to Leblanc after chatting with Ohya and Iwai with a spring in his step, a
confidence that the cards were in his favour that he’s lacked for so long.
His iron grip on his phone tightens with every word that spills out of Ann’s lips in her
rambling explanation of everything that’s gone wrong. Morgana has been pacing little circles
into the attic floor ever since Ren put the call on speakerphone.
“-And I don’t know where they took him, but Ren there were a lot of them, and- and the Nav
isn’t working for some reason-”
“We were physically kicked out of the palace when we tried to leave.” Makoto’s voice filters
through alongside Ann’s.
And, oh, isn’t that rich. Ren hadn’t noticed that Makoto’s questions (earlier today! Earlier this
very day, and now everything has all gone to shit,) were in reference to any action she was
taking. How could he! But apparently all this stalling and fucking around was because she
was going behind his back to do something reckless and so fucking stupidRen needs to reign himself in.
(He can’t- )
Ann misinterprets his silence. “Ren, I know this is bad- this is so, so bad,” She babbles, “But
we need to do something before- um, Akechi seemed confident that they weren’t just going to
kill him outright but I don’t know how much time we have-”
And Ann. Ann, who saw all this happening and didn’t tell him jack shit, and now Goro-

Ren can’t think about Goro right now.
(That asshole. That piece of shit. )
“Joker?” Morgana says quietly, hopping up on the bed and onto Ren’s lap, staring up at him
with wide, worried eyes.
Ren can’t be mad at Mona.
Ren takes in a sharp breath, and realises he’s shaking.
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head, his tail twitching with agitation. He curls up in a tight
little loaf, and Ren buries his fingers in Mona’s fur and tries not to hold on too tight.
“Ren?”
“Yeah.” He responds, numbly surprised to find that his voice is steady, “I heard you.”
“I’m so sorry.” Ann whispers desperately.
“I know.” Ren says, letting Mona scramble up to his shoulders as he stands.
Emergency meeting, he texts everyone, Don’t bother coming to Leblanc.
***
Futaba had stopped reading Ren’s vague texts once he barged into her room and started
explaining the situation in person.
The first sign that something was very wrong were the texts themselves.
The second was Mona immediately hopping into her lap and purring up a storm the second
he and Ren stumbled into her room with all the force of a tornado.
The third was the look on Ren’s face.
(He looks a bit like the world is ending.)
Morgana has stayed put in Futaba’s lap. She’s grateful.
(To think, three hours ago, she and Sumire were chasing down nothing in the stark white of
Maruki’s palace.
Futaba feels herself shrink away from the fury coming off of Ren in waves for Makoto, Ann,
and Akechi’s private sojourn into Niijima’s palace. She doesn’t want to think about what’s
going to happen when he finds out they weren’t the only ones.)
“So the Nav still isn’t working?” Futaba says, voice shaky, to Ren’s phone, still on call with
Ann and Makoto.

“It’s… ” Ann starts and trails off, “It’s stopped saying that it’s incapable of navigation, but
nothing’s happening.”
“I think I feel a bit lightheaded every time we try it.” Makoto offers, sounding far less puttogether than Futaba is used to, “But we definitely aren’t entering Mementos.”
“Okay…” Futaba mumbles, and tries to think of something, anything she knows about the
Metaverse that might hold an explanation for this.
She comes up empty, of course, because since fucking when did the Nav become unreliable.
She tries to ignore the notifications from the thieves’ group chat, and the increasingly
panicked and snippy responses from each of the thieves that haven’t been clued in yet. From
a cursory glance, she thinks Sumire and Haru have noticed that Crow is distinctly absent.
“Ren, you said my sis interrogated you, last time?” Makoto’s voice comes through again, “Is
it a guarantee that she’d be part of that?”
“I don’t know.” Ren says tightly, almost a snap.
“Have you tried contacting her?” Morgana speaks up.
“I have.” Makoto admits, voice wavering, “She’s not picking up. And I don’t know if she’d
listen to me.”
Futaba is out of ideas. If the Metaverse isn’t cooperating (why, why, why can’t she think of a
reason? Why now, and not three hours earlier?) then she’ll have to rely on something else.
“Then we’ll make her listen.” Futaba decides. “What’s your sister’s number?”
Makoto makes a confused sound, but eventually stutters out a string of numbers.
“She won’t answer for a stranger if she isn’t answering for me.” Makoto warns.
“That won’t be a problem.” Futaba says, her fingers flying across her keyboard, jamming a
microphone into her headphones and opening a voice modulator program, “Her phone is
gonna be picking up this call whether she likes it or not.”
***
Akechi wonders if he looks as terrible as Ren did when he was on the wrong end of a gun.
All things considered, he expected this experience to be worse.
It’s still quite bad.
The overheard light is far too bright, the rest of the room far too dark as his vision swims and
warps, his skull protesting the battering it’s endured. The table was knocked out of the way
barely five minutes into the officers’ fun, the pretence of an interrogation being tossed to the
side once it became abundantly clear that everyone is in on the joke.

Akechi can’t say he finds it particularly funny.
To say that the past half hour has been an exercise in tolerance would be an understatement.
“I have to say, Akechi-kun,” The main cop says, Sasaki, Akechi thinks his name is, “I really
didn’t expect you to turn up again. The news was all up in arms about the Phantom Thieves
offing you, but,” He snorts, “What, you’re their ringleader?”
“I’ve never met a thief in my life.” Akechi says mildly, straining against his cuffs and
immediately regretting it as the metal slices further into his wrists.
“Yeah, that’s a bit much.” Sasaki tsks, and he crouches to look Akechi in the eye, “We both
know what’s going on here.” He says, with a pointed look to the two other cops in the room,
“And it really is in your best interest to start talking.”
“I don’t think it is.” Akechi says, aiming for a smile and landing somewhere in a wince.
Akechi remembers Sasaki as one of Shido’s more direct plants in the police. Not particularly
high up within the conspiracy, but certainly far higher than the two cops playing at goons
behind him.
The joke has layers, and half of the participants are apparently out of the loop. Perhaps they
genuinely believe that Akechi is the leader of the Phantom Thieves. That would certainly be
funny.
Akechi huffs a laugh to himself.
“Delirious already?” Sasaki accuses, whipping a backhand across Akechi’s cheek, and he has
to bite back a hiss, “That ought to wake you up.”
“I was laughing at your face.” Akechi bites out, swallowing the metal spreading across his
tongue.
“Uh huh.” Sasaki deadpans, unimpressed.
He pauses, tapping at his pocket and slipping out his phone. He narrows his eyes. “Hey.” He
says to the other cops, eyes still glued to his phone, “You all take a break. I need a private
word with Akechi here.”
The other two exchange a glance. One shrugs, moving to open the door, while the other
mutters out a sardonic Don’t have too much fun as he trails behind.
Akechi doesn’t care to speculate on what they assume is about to happen.
Sasaki keeps an eye on the door for another ten seconds after they leave. He clicks his tongue
after he’s satisfied in their privacy, and turns back to his phone.
“The boss,” Sasaki begins, the sound of a dial tone emanating from the phone’s speaker,
“Would like a word with you.”

Akechi isn’t entirely sure if this is better or worse than whatever it was those other cops were
assuming.
The ringing cuts out with a click.
“Speak.”
“Hey there, sir.” Sasaki says, crouching down to hold the phone an equal distance between
himself and Akechi. “You wanted to chat to him? I’ve got him right here.”
Akechi says nothing.
Sasaki grabs his hair and pulls“Fucking, shit- ” Akechi hisses.
There’s a low chuckle, “He’s being cooperative, I hope?”
“Fuck you.” Akechi spits.
“Not at all, boss.” Sasaki says, long-suffering, ignoring Akechi’s attempts at kicking him in
the gut, “I don’t know how you put up with him.”
“Well, he’s been going through something of a rebellious phase. You know how teenagers
are.” Shido drawls out.
Akechi is going to gut him. “Is there a point to this?” He snarls, tugging away from the hand
grabbing his hair even as his scalp burns.
“Of course there is.” Shido says shortly, finally acknowledging him directly. “You
understand the position you are in?”
“You know, I don’t.” Akechi pastes on a bright grin, all teeth, for Sasaki’s benefit, “Spell it
out for me, why don’t you?”
“You’re either far more of a fool than I took you for,” Shido measures out slowly, “Or you’re
using your final hours to be a brat because you can.”
Akechi almost chokes as Sasaki roughly pulls his head back, “God forbid your endless well
of patience is tested.”
“Don’t rough him up too much yet, Sasaki.” Shido must hear half his predicament, because of
course he fucking does, “I’m in the middle of a conversation.”
“’Course, sir.” Sasaki hums, his grip loosening slightly, still firm.
“What do you want? ” Akechi hisses, deciding to cut to the chase.
“That stunt with the calling card was clever.” Shido muses, “I already had one prepared
myself, but it was entertaining to find we had the same idea.” There’s a sound of clinking

glass, “But I’m curious.”
Akechi rolls his eyes at the pause, “About what? ”
“It’s painfully obvious that the Phantom Thieves are the cause of this little… tantrum.” Shido
clicks his tongue, and laughs to himself, “But what I can’t seem to reconcile is why running
to them would involve throwing them under the bus like I had already planned.”
Akechi keeps his expression schooled, even through his aches and pains. Shido can’t see his
face, but that doesn’t mean Sasaki won’t blab.
Akechi is mildly surprised that Sasaki is allowed to hear this conversation at all. Either he’s
recently gotten a promotion, or he isn’t long for this world. Akechi dearly hopes it’s the latter.
“You’re so confident in your assumptions.” Akechi sneers, “I don’t give a damn about the
thieves. Using their name to explain my disappearance was convenient, nothing more.”
“You’re a terrible liar.” Shido says blandly, and Loki twitches with irritation, “A good actor,
I’ll give, but spinning a story is hardly going to work in your favour now . If you and the
Phantom Thieves are truly uninvolved, why not give me their names?"
He really still doesn’t know who they are?
Well, isn’t that a stroke of good luck. If Shido and his men are genuinely still struggling to
pin down a crowd of loud-mouthed teenagers, then Akechi gets to live so long as he stays
tight-lipped.
Or until they get sick of him.
“I have no idea who they are.” Akechi says sweetly.
There’s a scoff, “I’ll let you get back to it, Sasaki.”
Sasaki splits a grin, “Right on, boss.”
The call disconnects, and Sasaki gives Akechi a long look.
“We could go back to what we were doing before.” He says, slowly, “Or, we could start doing
something to loosen that tongue of yours.”
Akechi feels a seed of dread bloom in his stomach.
Some of it must show on his face, as Sasaki’s grin widens. “Yeah. Let’s do that.”
***
Sae marches to the elevator, sharply readjusting her bag over her shoulder and jamming her
finger against the button to call the lift.

She’s rarely had cause to be in the underground interrogation rooms in the precinct. They’re
usually reserved for more volatile or uncooperative suspects, while the more pleasant rooms
are kept for things like witness interrogation.
Pleasant being somewhat relative, but the underground rooms are certainly not a place
anyone wants to be in for very long.
With a dash of luck, she won’t be here long herself.
With a little less luck, she’ll be in and out very quickly.
As the elevator reaches her floor, her phone rings.
She scowls. Didn’t she put that on silent? She steps out of the elevator, and takes out her
phone to hang up on the call before it rings out -maybe whoever is trying to contact her will
get the message to leave her alone- and frowns at a series of missed calls from Makoto.
She ignores them. She needs to do this interrogation now or not at all.
She swipes down to end the call, and startles as her phone responds as though she had
accepted it.
“Sae Niijima.” A heavily distorted voice filters through, and Sae instinctively presses her
phone to her ear to hear it more clearly, “I require your attention.”
“Who is this?” Sae bites out, entirely baffled. Is this how scam calls are done these days? Did
she download a virus somehow? Why now-?
“I am Oracle, of the Phantom Thieves.” The voice says, and Sae almost drops her phone
from shock, “Alongside your attention, I also require your assistance.”
“Is this a joke?” Sae hisses into the receiver, “Whoever this is-”
“It’s not a joke!” The voice, Oracle, apparently, interjects, monotone composure fracturing
slightly, “I’m really a Phantom Thief- we need your help.”
“Assuming you are telling the truth about who you are,” Sae says slowly, biting back her
swirl of questions. Why her? Why do they know who she is? “Why do you think I would
want to help you?” After what they did to“Are you going to interrogate the Phantom Thief the police have arrested?” Oracle ignores
her question.
Sae scoffs. She sees where this is going. “Getting desperate, are you?”
“Is that a yes?”
“It’s classified.” Sae smirks at the empty air, “Were you hoping I’d pass along a message to
your leader? If you want to see him so badly, you could turn yourselves in-”

“Our leader hasn’t been arrested.” Oracle’s voice interrupts again, “The police are going to
try to-”
“What do I care?” Sae snarls, “I don’t know what game you’re playing, coming to me to,
what? Try and break your buddy out of prison? If you think I’d ever help a band of criminals,
let alone after what you did to Akechi-”
“Goro Akechi is who the police have in custody!” Oracle snaps, high and panicked, not fully
cut out by the distortion.
Sae almost drops her phone again, “What?”
“It’s true!” Oracle continues, “Which is why we need your help.”
“This is a joke.” Sae decides.
“-Why he needs your help,”
“If you’re done messing around .” Sae seethes, “I think that’s enough. I don’t know what
you’re getting from this, lying to me, but this conversation is over. Do us all a favour and turn
yourself in.”
“Wait!”
Sae hangs up, and feels a burst of satisfaction when her phone actually obeys the command
this time.
She shoves it back in her pocket, and marches down the hall. She has a thief to interrogate,
and she won’t be abiding any more interruptions.
***
Oracle: Everyone get on call now
Sumire has never obliged an instruction faster in her life.
“Effin’ finally!” Ryuji’s voice comes through first, “You can’t just drop a bunch of cryptic
shit and not say anything!”
“Sorry,” Futaba sounds frantic, “But things are kind of hectic.”
“Perhaps you could explain now?” Yusuke suggests, though his voice is a bit tenser than
normal.
Sumire knows how to put two and two together.
There is a distinct series of facts laid before her:
Five of the Phantom Thieves are in the know, and another four are in the dark. The tenth is
noticeably, worryingly, absent.

“Akechi’s been arrested.” Ann blurts, and Sumire closes her eyes and breathes deeply.
That’s worse than the places her brain was going, actually.
“How.” Haru snaps, “What happened?”
“Ann, Akechi, and I were all exploring sis’ palace.” Makoto explains in a rush, something
Sumire is sure is heavily truncated for the purposes of just getting the information out, “We
got booted out of the Metaverse, and the courthouse was surrounded by police. I think they
were expecting us, somehow, but,” She pauses to take a sharp breath, “Akechi caused a
distraction.”
“Which was getting arrested? ” Sumire blurts. Breathing deeply hasn’t helped. She hoped it
would.
“Why the hell were you explorin’ palaces on your own?!” Ryuji says simultaneously.
“Now’s not the time for that!” Futaba interrupts, “Point is, Crow is in deep shit! I tried
calling Niijima, but she just brushed me off the second I said it was Akechi who got arrested!
I’m hoping that she’ll take this more seriously once she actually sees him, but I don’t know
what’s happening!”
“Can’t we just, I’unno, do whatever you guys did last time?” Ryuji throws out there.
“We can’t.” Ren says shortly, “That relied on a lot of things, including making sure Shido
and everyone thought I was dead. That isn’t something we can pull off without advance
preparation.”
Ryuji swears colourfully, as Yusuke interjects, “Then what are our other options?”
“If Shido is going to know what happened either way, then subtlety isn’t an issue, is it?” Haru
points out, “That broadens our options.”
“Uh, not really,” Ann mumbles out, “Akechi insisted that he needed to be the one to get
caught since Shido and the cops don’t know who the rest of us are. So we can’t charge in guns
blazing.”
“Not like that would have worked anyway…” Morgana mutters, and Sumire feels something
in her gut sink at the thought that Goro let this happen voluntarily.
“But it’s a prison break or nothing.” Haru says sharply, “Unless you want to see if I can
somehow outbid Shido against all the police he has under his service.”
“Is using the Metaverse not an option?” Yusuke asks.
Sumire catches on, nodding to herself desperately, and tugs at her hair, “You can enter and
exit Mementos anywhere.”
It’d be easy. In and out, an exit befitting of a Phantom Thief. They’d just need to guess where
he’s being held, and-

Sumire cuts her runaway train of thought off as the silence from the five in the know stretches
a little too long.
“The Nav isn’t letting us access the Metaverse at the moment.” Makoto explains quietly.
“I can’t get in either.” Morgana says, sullen, “Usually I can just… slip in, but it’s like there’s
a wall or something.”
“Of course.” Haru mutters.
“But, it was working just a few hours ago!” Sumire protests.
“I know! But not anymore!” Futaba calls out, voice pitching up even higher.
“Why do you know that?” Ren cuts her off.
Sumire bites her lip, and Futaba must make a face as Ren grits out, “Futaba.”
“Look, we’re sorry, okay! But what part of now is not the time are you not getting?!”
Futaba’s voice wobbles.
“Any other mystery palace infiltrations that anyone would like to confess?” Haru asks coldly,
and Sumire does not want to be on the wrong side of her anger.
“None here.” Ryuji mutters bitterly.
“I haven’t either.” Yusuke hums.
“Well.” Ren says, clipped, “Great.”
There’s another pause of tense silence.
“I’m sorry.” Sumire chokes out, thin and wispy.
“It’s alright, Sumi-chan.” Haru says kindly, though Sumire gets the distinct feeling that she
doesn’t mean it, “Futaba-chan is right; we need to focus on the situation at hand.”
“I’m going to the precinct.” Ren announces.
“Coming to us?” Ann asks, and Ren grunts an affirmation, “I’m not sure how much that
would help, with the Metaverse being all…”
“I don’t care.” Ren says, “I’ll see you in a bit.”
There’s a sound of a door creaking open, and slamming shut, as Morgana sighs, “Well…”
“Even if the Metaverse was working,” Futaba adds, quiet, “I don’t think that would help us
grab Crow.”
“Huh? Why?” Ryuji asks, “Hasn’t Akechi been using it to get places?”

“Me too!” Ann adds.
“Futaba’s right.” Morgana says, solemn, “The reason we can’t just leave the Metaverse from
the middle of a palace, or from the Mementos tunnels, is because the space is distorted. We’d
have no idea where we’d end up if we forced the Nav to activate.”
“You might end up, like, trapped in the ground or something.” Futaba rambles, “Or
suffocate.”
“But that isn’t an issue for the surface of Mementos.” Haru says, sounding confused,
“Assuming Goro-kun is being held in the precinct, that should still be accessible, no?”
“Not quite.” Morgana says, “How many indoor rooms have you seen in Mementos? Like,
private ones. People’s houses and stuff.”
Sumire frowns. …She hasn’t really checked indoors in Mementos before. Only places she’s
had to pass through when wandering around, which…
Sumire thinks she might see what Morgana and Futaba are getting at.
“Oh…” Ann mutters, as she must get it too.
“The less people to make an impression on the space, the more distorted and just kinda…
wrong it’s going to be.” Futaba explains, “If Crow is in a super high-security area or
something, then it’s probably only seen by a very small amount of people. Not nearly enough
to make a perfect replica like the centre of Shibuya. It’d just be a blank void, if it exists at
all.”
“But there was a near perfect replica of Shibuya in Kaneshiro’s palace.” Makoto points out,
“Or, at least from what we saw. Even if he knew the streets well, from your explanation that’s
still only one mind making that space.”
“Palaces are different.” Morgana says simply, “It’s… more magnified, I guess? More weight
is given to one person’s perception of an area, which is why crazy things like castles and
banks can even exist like that.”
“So that underground interrogation room might not even exist in the other world.” Futaba
explains, “It’s not like an apartment where the public will fill in the gaps”
“My sister’s palace extends to the police station.” Makoto says. “But the casino is locked to
the courthouse. It exists there, doesn’t it? That’s how we managed to do our trick last
timeline, right?”
“…That is what Ren said.” Futaba admits slowly.
There’s another pause.
“But the Metaverse still ain’t workin’.” Ryuji points out.
“So, we’re back to square one.” Yusuke mumbles, sighing.

So they have nothing.
Sumire needs to leave.
“I’m going to the precinct.” She says, and leaves the call before anyone can tell her it’s
pointless.

Chapter End Notes

hey :D
this is your public service announcement informing you that the in-game date of
November 7 will end up being more chapters long than October 3rd was. This is already
chapter number 3 for that date if you can believe it.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! Woo, another Sun rank up! nothing else happened this chapter.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 8
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 7
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: I have a higher pain tolerance than you. I'm the best choice for this.
Ann: That! Does not fill me with confidence!

Chapter 76
Chapter Summary

The veil of reality, and problems have a habit of multiplying.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Getting the director to allow her to interrogate the suspect was both far easier and far more
painful than Sae had anticipated.
There were, predictably, officers guarding the door when she arrived, refusing to let her pass.
It was only after a phone call to the SIU director, and some hushed mutterings between the
officers, that they’ve deigned to let her pass.
The officers that were interrogating the suspect just before file out of the room. The last one
to leave gives Sae a small nod of acknowledgement.
“Niijima-san.” He says, “You’ll be taking a crack?”
Sae can’t remember his name. “Of course.” She trails off, inclining her head slightly.
“Sasaki.” He offers.
“Sasaki.” Sae repeats, “I’ve been on this case since the beginning. If anyone has the right to
question him, it’s me.”
Sasaki shrugs, like that’s neither here nor there, “Well, if the director agreed.” He laughs,
good-natured, and so condescending, “Don’t be too discouraged if you can’t get anything out
of him.”
“I’ll be getting something out of him.” Sae tells him.
“If you say so.” He pats his pocket down, “Oh, by the way, take this in with you.” Sae tilts
her head as he passes her a phone, “The phone we found on the suspect. We haven’t been
able to crack it open yet, but it’ll save everyone some time if we can just get the suspect to
open it himself.”
Sae hums, giving it a once-over and putting it in her pocket, “If there’s an opportunity, I’ll try
and convince him.”
“Work your lawyer magic.” Sasaki laughs again, something sharp, “A fair warning, he’s
pretty uncooperative.”

Sae expected nothing less. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
Sasaki leaves without much fanfare, the rest of the officers trailing behind him. One stays
behind, guarding the door. He fumbles with the keypad for a beat, and lets it click open.
“The walls are soundproof.” The guard explains, “But just bang on the door or shout if you
need assistance.”
Sae nods, and steps through the door.
“I’m surprised they let you in.”
Sae drops her bag.
She’s met with the sight of Goro Akechi, looking dazed and beat to hell, leaning his face
against his hand, slouched over the table. He looks unfocused, eyes flicking away from the
overhead light like even its dim glow is too bright.
“Y-you’re…” Sae gapes.
Oracle wasn’t lying, Something warns in her mind.
Her eyes flick to a glint on the ground. She sneers as she spots several empty syringes littered
across the floor, carelessly left behind.
Well. That would explain some of the state Akechi is in.
“I thought,” Sae begins, slowly reaching to pick up her bag, “That you were dead.”
Akechi snorts, “No you didn’t.” He mutters, slurred.
She hadn’t.
“Are you going to explain yourself?” She asks icily, feeling something grip at her chest and
claw at her ribs. She waits for someone, anyone, to admit this is one big joke. For Akechi to
suddenly stand and do that stupid little TV laugh and explain that this is all one big
misunderstanding.
Akechi just scowls, sending her a glare.
Sae slowly takes a seat on the chair opposite Akechi’s. It’s uncomfortable. She can’t imagine
that it’s been pleasant to sit in for however long they’ve had him in custody.
But, she takes a deep breath as she takes in the hand-shaped mark across one of Akechi’s
cheeks, the deep red lines around his wrists that are beginning to scab over, his bloodshot
eyes, and she thinks that the chair is probably the least of his worries.
“Are you the leader of the Phantom Thieves?” Sae asks, flat. May as well get that question
out of the way.

“No.” Akechi responds drily.
She certainly hopes not. Sae thinks she might just leave him here to rot if it turned out he’d
spent months stringing her along. Though, on that note;
“You’re not their leader.” She acknowledges, “But are you one of them?”
Akechi’s lips twist into a confused frown, and his eyelids flicker like he’s trying to parse
something out, “No…” It sounds like a question.
“You don’t know?” Sae blinks, incredulous. What the hell did they give him?
Akechi’s frown deepens, and Sae wonders if she should lower her voice.
No, his headache be damned, she needs answers.
“How did this happen?” Sae demands, “Start from the beginning. Why did they arrest you?”
“Well, they don’t like me very much, you see.” Akechi mumbles out. Well, he’s lucid enough
to try and be funny, at least.
“Get serious.” Sae hisses. She sighs, and tries to soften her voice, “…You’re involved with
the Phantom Thieves somehow, yes? That calling card, plus the police think you’re their
leader for some reason. When did you encounter them?”
Akechi blinks down at the table, “…June.” He eventually says, “Or… May?”
That early? “You’ve known who they are for months? ”
“They’re very loud.” Akechi says by way of explanation, “And not very subtle.”
Sae cannot believe this, “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Couldn’t.” Akechi grunts.
“They were threatening you?” Sae pushes, alarmed.
Akechi’s eyes narrow, and some of that sharpness returns, “I’m sure I was threatening them,
actually.”
What?
Sae can’t interrogate him like this. Akechi is drifting in and out of lucidity with every
question she asks, and start from the beginning is apparently an insurmountable task. When
she gets her hands on Sasaki, or whatever the hell his name was, she’s going to kill him.
She needs to choose her questions carefully before Akechi can’t hold a conversation
anymore.
“What happened when the Phantom Thieves sent you a calling card?” Sae asks, jumping to
the question that’s been gnawing on her for days.

That confused frown makes a return, like Akechi can’t remember that happening at all.
“How much do you remember?” Sae pushes.
“I… right.” Akechi manages to meet her eyes, “That wasn’t real.”
Sae stares, “…It wasn’t…?”
“I needed to hide.” He says, eyes dropping back to the table, “We were going to fake my
death anyway, but we had to rush it a bit.”
What. “’We’?”
“The thieves.” Akechi mutters, and Sae feels a migraine of her own coming on.
“Okay.” She grits her teeth, “So you are one of them.”
“Not really.” He says, brows furrowing.
Sae isn’t here to unpack whatever that is. She needs to get to her next question, fast. “If
you’re involved with them so intimately,” Akechi makes a face, “To the point where you used
their aid to fake your own death, do you know how it is they change hearts?”
Akechi does something that might be an eye roll, though Sae gets the feeling it isn’t directed
at her. “Cognition.” He slurs out.
Sae’s eyes go wide, “You mean- it is related to cognitive psience?”
Akechi hums.
Something victorious and smug blooms in her chest. The director told her she was barking up
the wrong tree, believing in fairy tales; Akechi told her to back off, and all this time she was
right.
Why didn’t you tell me? Sae wants to hiss, Why were you hiding this from me? Staying on
track is like pulling teeth; from Akechi or herself she isn’t quite sure.
“What about the psychotic breakdowns and mental shutdowns?” Sae barks, “Do you know
how the Phantom Thieves performed those? Cognitive psience too, I assume?”
Akechi snorts, since apparently being drugged to hell makes the very concept amusing to
him. “The Phantom Thieves aren’t behind those.”
Sae leans forward with a start, looking Akechi up and down for any sign of a lie, “You sound
so certain.” She accuses, “What about Okumura?”
Akechi looks away, “That one was my fault.” He mutters.
The drugs are messing with his head, Sae decides.
“What do you mean?” She asks slowly.

Akechi glares at her again, like he thinks the answer is obvious.
“Don’t you already know what’s going on?” He mumbles, more to himself than Sae, “I
thought they told you.”
“They ?” Sae presses.
Akechi presses his lips together.
Sae clicks her tongue. Well, if he’s so insistent on being vague, “Are you implying that
Okumura was supposed to suffer a regular change of heart, but… somehow you,” It’s so
absurd, even the thought of it, “Caused a psychotic breakdown by accident?”
If the process, however it’s conducted, is so delicate that such a thing can happen by mistake,
then the Phantom Thieves must have been playing with fire for months.
“It wasn’t an accident.” Akechi corrects her, looking mildly annoyed at the implication.
Never mind.
Sae slams a hand against the table, frustration getting the better of her. “So you caused it on
purpose? Why? And how? How do you know how to do these things? Don’t tell me you’re
saying you’re behind the mental shutdown and psychotic breakdown incidents.” She adds,
incredulous.
Akechi levels her with that sharp look again, the fog clouding his face fading slightly, “That
is what I’m saying.”
Impossible. Ridiculous.
Akechi tilts his head, looking confused again, and what the hell is he thinking, “Don’t you
already…?”
He has to be hallucinating. Or the Phantom Thieves changed his heart so he could take the
fall. Or, fucking- something. No one just admits to crimes that calmly ( some people do,
something chides. Sae ignores it. This is Akechi ). This confession, if it can even be called
that, can hardly be considered as trustworthy, given the circumstances.
He doesn’t look like he’s lying, though.
Akechi just stares at her, a bored expression on his face.
SaeWhat if he isn’t lying?
That isn’t possible!
“Explain everything to me.” Sae demands, “Properly. Start from when you met the Phantom
Thieves.”

Akechi hums, like he wants to protest.
But then, slowly, haltingly, he does.
***
Haru has never been quite so grateful for her myriad house servants more than right now.
Having a cup of tea delivered directly to her room while she has a minute tremor in her hands
and where she is granted a modicum of privacy is doing wonders for her nerves.
Beyond that, though, she finds herself eyeing the door with suspicion, wondering if anyone
has taken to eavesdropping.
“C’mon… think…” Futaba mutters to herself, the call having devolved into relative silence
after Sumire and Ren both took off.
“Ann-chan, Makoto-san,” Haru eventually says, “How far away from the precinct are you?”
“A few streets away.” Makoto admits, “We’re loitering, technically, and I don’t want to give
anyone any reason to question us.”
“I wasn’t being accusatory.” Haru says, irritable.
“I wasn’t-” There’s a cut-off sigh, “I wasn’t trying to be defensive. I was just explaining
myself.”
Haru feels her cheeks warm. “Right. I apologise.”
“We’re all on edge.” Morgana speaks up, placating.
Ryuji snorts, “Yeah. That’s one way to put it.”
“Even if we have some people missing, surely we can still brainstorm some ideas?” Yusuke
interjects.
“Sure.” Futaba says shortly, “But all our ideas are probably related to the Metaverse,
right?”
“Well, on the off chance it comes back…” Ann mumbles, barely audible through the phone.
Haru thinks that the plan, should the Metaverse decide to work again, has already been quite
clearly implied. Simply use the elder Niijima’s palace to spirit Goro away from whatever
interrogation room or cell they’re holding him in, consequences and public uproar be
damned.
But, since the Metaverse isn’t working…
Haru had said it callously before, but it is beginning to seem as though outbidding the loyalty
of Shido’s subordinates may be their best option.

She’ll give it a few hours.
“Futaba-chan?” Haru presses gently, “If you happen to get a moment, is it possible to find out
who the main players are within Shido’s conspiracy in the police force at the moment?”
“Not unless you give me a couple weeks.” Futaba says tightly.
Well. Perhaps not, then.
The tremor in Haru’s hands gets a little stronger. She places her cup back into its saucer to
avoid any spillage.
“We’ll keep trying with the Nav.” Makoto says, “If it starts working…”
“I imagine we’ll notice once you disconnect from the call.” Haru hums quietly, for lack of
any other comment to make.
“Yes.”
Silence, again.
Ryuji groans, “Seriously, how can we get Akechi outta there?”
“The only thing I can think of is, well- since I look like a cat,” Morgana chimes in, “It’s not
like they can arrest me. But they’d probably just kick me out if I got too far. And even if I
could get in, it’s not like I could get Akechi out by myself.”
“That seems to be our main issue.” Yusuke says, sounding a bit frustrated, “None of us are
equipped for both entering, and leaving with another person. We don’t even know the layout
of the police station.”
“I could get that.” Futaba admits, “But it’s not like that would help us.”
Haru picks up her tea again, “What if we didn’t need to get in?”
“…I suppose we only really need to get Akechi out somehow.” Makoto eventually responds.
“What, like, you want someone on the inside to help us?” Ryuji asks.
“I already tried that, though.” Futaba mutters, “With big sis Niijima.”
“And Niijima-san is the only viable ally we really have…” Yusuke finishes.
“Yes,” Haru concedes, “But, just because she didn’t listen to Futaba-chan doesn’t mean she
won’t listen to Goro-kun.”
“So you think Akechi might be able to convince her to help?” Morgana asks, a bit of hope
creeping into his voice.
“Maybe.” Is all Haru can say.

She has no idea. There’s no way to contact Goro, to tell him that Sae is the only hope they
have of getting him out.
Surely he must have known that they’d be short on options, when he intentionally (
intentionally! Haru cannot believe- ) got himself caught. Haru can only sit, and stew, and
hope that Goro knows to try and free himself.
Some of her tea spills over the side. It’s already lukewarm, and she’s barely drunk any of it.
“Could you try calling her again, Makoto-san?” Haru tries.
There’s a sigh, “I’ll try, but…”
“I know.” Haru says softly.
She knows quite well.
***
It should be colder in February, Akechi thinks.
Not that he isn’t cold. But he recalls the biting wind and little pinpricks of snow, and knows
that this sinking cold, this cold that eats into his muscles and bones, that presses against his
legs and arms from where they rest against metal that can’t seem to absorb any heat, isn’t
quite right.
Why is he sitting in a metal chair?
Some of the fog clears.
Oh. Right.
Akechi doesn’t quite have the willpower to resist rolling his eyes at the utterly baffled look
Sae is giving him.
“…I had assumed that the majority of cognitive psience was a little less…” She trails off,
“Literal.”
She didn’t take the talking cat well, when Akechi brought it up. She wasn’t a fan of
manifestations- palaces- whatever the fuck they’re called, either.
Shouldn’t she already know this, anyway? Akechi thought the Phantom Thieves would have
filled her in back in NovemberStay focused. Robin hisses.
He’s tired.
“If you encountered the Phantom thieves in… May, you said?” Sae continues, and Akechi
tries to drag himself back to the present, “Then I assume you weren’t present for

Kamoshida?”
No. “I never saw that one.” Akechi admits, taking great interest in a small dent in the table. Is
that from when Sasaki slammed him into it, he wonders?
“What about Madarame?” Sae pushes.
Akechi never liked him. He says as much when he can get his tongue to work.
Sae takes a deep breath.
Akechi can recall admitting that he is the one responsible for the psychotic breakdown and
mental shutdown incidents, at some point. He can’t remember if Sae took him seriously or
not.
She hasn’t brought it up since, so perhaps not.
“Can you explain in more detail what happened with Okumura?” Sae eventually starts, “You
said it was your fault- that you did it on purpose. Why? How do the Phantom Thieves come
into this?”
“They wanted to change his heart.” Akechi grinds his teeth.
And he was supposed toKill him?
No,
He did kill him.
ExceptWhat’s the date, again?
“I was helping.” He eventually says.
“…So you betrayed them.” Sae concludes, eyes widening.
Yes. “No.” Akechi shakes his head. It makes him a bit dizzy. “We were going to die if I
didn’t…”
“So it was self-defence?” Her eyes narrow.
Close enough. Akechi nods.
Sae bites at her lip, “…I might be getting a better picture.”
That’s good.

She sweeps some of the hair out of her face, and asks, sharp: “Do you stand by your
statement of being solely responsible for the psychotic breakdowns and mental shutdowns?”
Akechi is fairly certain that Sae doesn’t usually ask for confirmation about any criminal
confessions she receives. The thought almost makes him laugh. “Yes.” He says.
Sae’s eyes narrow, “…Did you happen to receive a calling card separate from the one that
was left in your apartment at some point within the last six months?”
Akechi does laugh, this time.
“No.” He says, “I did not.”
Sae’s lips pull up in a sneer, “Is this really so amusing to you?”
Of course! “You’re not believing a thing I’m saying.”
Sae scoffs, “Can you blame me? All you’re giving me is a patchwork of information, and
you’re trying to tell me that you’re the perpetrator of the cases that we’ve been investigating
for years. ”
It’s supremely irritating, that she seems to have this much faith in him. And quite contrary to
how her shadow felt about him.
Or maybe she just doesn’t consider the testimony of a drugged teenager spewing nonsense
about other realities as particularly accurate.
“But…” Sae continues, eyes flicking down. She frowns, “Before I came here to interrogate
you, I received a phone call.”
A phone?
Why was that important…?
IT ISN’T. Loki corrects.
“It was from someone claiming to be a Phantom Thief.” Sae taps her fingers against the table,
“They told me that it would be you that I would be interrogating, and that they needed my
help. I disregarded it, of course, but…” She huffs, “So far, what they’ve said appears to be
accurate.”
Akechi furrows his brows, “What was their…?”
“Name?” Sae finishes after Akechi trails off, “They introduced themself as Oracle.”
Futaba?
But she hates you.
They all do, don’t they?

No, butRen. Ren is the only one whoAkechi is supposed toA filthy traitor.
But, RenNo, that’s not quite true.
What about Sumire, and Haru,
Shouldn’t Haru hate him too?
Did she, though?
“Hey.” Sae’s voice breaks through, “Hey, can you hear me?”
November. Akechi thinks decisively, It’s November. The second November.
Don’t get lost in the weeds.
“You had a strong reaction to that name.” Sae comments, eyes narrowed with suspicion,
“Care to tell me who they are?”
Akechi thinks, Remember: You’re here, not Ren.
Remember: She doesn’t trust you.
Remember: She doesn’t know who they are yet. Doesn’t know who you are.
Akechi unsticks his throat, “I’ve never heard of them.” He tilts his head, and smiles, “But,
whoever they are, you should probably listen to them.”
***
“Mementos.” Ren hisses into his phone.
Beg- --ing --- - Nav- - g-- on
Nothing happens.
“C’mon…” He mutters, nearly tripping over himself as he races out of the Shibuya train
station. The precinct isn’t here, but he needs to change trains anyway, andHe needs something. Surely, something has to work.
“Mementos.” He snarls, ignoring the concerned look of a passer-by.

B- Begi-- ----- Nav-- - n
Nothing. A ripple, maybe. Knife-point pinpricks.
Ren grinds his jaw together.
He can’t go to the precinct empty handed. He stormed out of Futaba’s room because he
needed to take a walk, but if he just joins Ann and Makoto to stand around and pace he thinks
he mightGod, fuck, he doesn’t know.
He feels a bit like throwing up. He doesn’t want to do it in the middle of station square.
Think, Joker, He tears through his mind, Who can help you?
Futaba and Morgana are both clueless, and the Metaverse isn’t even working. Goro would be
his next bet of encyclopedic knowledge about the cognitive world, but he’s(Ren remembers, quite vividly, only in flashes, punches and kicks. A boot grinding his leg
against the ground. Feeling like his ribs were caving inwards. His shoulders cramping,
something sharp digging into his wrists. Pricks of metal against his neck, his arms.
Something smug, victorious, welling up in his chest, knowing that he had won.
And now-)
Who can help you?
The Velvet Room, Ren decides, and starts on a warpath down Central Street. He turns the
corner to Untouchables, marvelling in the fact he was just here with Ohya barely an hour and
a half ago.
Something like surprise cuts through the static in his head when he sees what should have
been the familiar sight of the Velvet Room.
There’s a rift. Ren can’t think of any other way to describe it. Several, in fact.
The Velvet Room is still there, of course. The blue fog drifting out of the prison bars is
kicked up in plumes and swirls, the twins furiously pacing as they try to beat or drag the rifts
shut.
Caroline spots him, “Inmate!” She shouts, “What the hell is this, huh?!”
Ren blinks, and slowly points to himself, “…You think this is my fault?”
“Of course not.” Justine says serenely.
“We told the defendant something was up.” Caroline mutters furiously, “And does he care?
Noooo…. ”

They told Goro ahead of time, Ren can only assume from that. Though, knowing them, it was
something painfully vague and unhelpful.
“Do you know what’s happening?” Ren asks.
Caroline scoffs, “Of course not! One minute we notice a minor structural flaw, and the next
it’s all coming down!”
“Is reality merging with Mementos?” Alarm bells ring in Ren’s head. It’s months too early for
this.
“No.” Justine shoots him a look, “I assure you, Inmate, if that were happening, you would
notice.”
Okay. That’s something. “Then why can’t I access the Metaverse?”
“Just because it isn’t merging doesn’t mean it’s not in shambles!” Caroline snaps,
“Something’s keeping you out! And, our master isn’t telling us anything-”
“Caroline.” Justine chides.
Yaldabaoth, then. Ren should have known. He almost wishes reality was merging, if only so
he could shoot a god in the face a month or so ahead of schedule.
Ren nods to the rifts, which Caroline seems to be having some success in wrangling back into
place, “Can I access the Metaverse through that?”
Justine immediately bars the largest one with her clipboard, “No. We cannot say what effect
traversing one of these would have on a human. And, even if you were to survive the
experience unscathed, you would only end up in the Velvet Room.”
Oh.
“Why is the Velvet Room,” Ren gestures, broadly, “…Leaking?”
Caroline scowls. Justine makes a grim face.
“…Is the problem coming from inside the Velvet Room?” Ren pushes. It makes sense, if
Yaldabaoth has decided to fuck around.
“What do you know, Inmate!?” Caroline blurts, which Ren takes to mean as yes, that’s
exactly what’s happening.
“Can you fix it?” Ren forges on, “Whatever’s stopping me from entering the cognitive
world?”
“That is what we’re attempting to do.” Justine says, turning her attention back to the rifts,
“Ensuring that the Velvet Room does not have an accidental influence on the state of reality
is part of that.”

Accidental. Right.
“By the way,” Caroline shoots Ren a look as she kicks one rift shut, “How’s the Nav?”
“Buffering.” Is the only explanation Ren can give.
Justine hums, tilting her head, “…I predict that the problem will resolve itself in a few hours.
Once the source is cut off, reality will begin to mend itself. A process that we can speed
along, once we have the time.”
“Something is actively causing this.” Caroline adds, “So, structural issues aside, the
collective will of humanity will eventually overpower the singular will of whatever this thing
is.”
Ren doesn’t know if they have a few hours.
“Okay.” Ren says, his jaw cracking as he unsticks it, “Thanks.”
He turns on his heel, and leaves the twins to it.
***
Sumire, thankfully, remembers where both the courthouse and police headquarters are from
when she had tailed the thieves into the elder Niijima’s palace last timeline. Leaving the
house without so much as a see-you-later to her parents is sure to cause problems, but right
now she can’t bring herself to care.
She could have stayed on the call, even as she navigated public transport. Could, physically.
Despite that, Sumire didn’t want the others to hear her quiet breakdown as she sat stiffly on
the train; plenty of seats free, thanks to the late hour.
For thoroughness’ sake, once she gets off the train, she tucks herself into a corner and
whispers “Mementos” into her phone.
Beggin-- g Navi--tio-n
So, not working then. That’s- fine, she can think of some other way to help. Surely Ren or
Makoto will have thought of something by the time she arrivesSomething ripples, and the station takes on a distinct red tint.
Sumire stares, her eyes widening.
Is- did it work? Has the Metaverse fixed itself? She’s not in her Metaverse outfit, and it feelsoff. Everyone has disappeared, but there’s still little wisps of human forms, like Sumire could
run into a real person if she stood in the wrong placeThe lights flicker, and she’s abruptly shunted back into the real world.
Her hands shake as she fumbles for her phone again.

“Mementos.” She hisses, more forcefully this time, like that will make it stick.
Beg--nn-ng Na-- -gation
The lights flicker and spark, red blooming once again, and Sumire sprints back to the
platforms.
It’s an uncomfortable blend between the Mementos underground and how the subway is
supposed to look, like she can’t quite get through to the right side. She dodges all of the
smoky forms she sees, not wanting to trigger anything that will drag her right back to reality.
She stops herself before she instinctively hops onto the tracks. This isn’t Mementos, not fully.
She doesn’t think whatever thin barrier space she’s found herself in will protect her from
getting hit by a train.
She tries to will Ella to the forefront of her mind, like that will drag her properly into the
cognitive world, before she hears an engine.
A very familiar engine. One that can only exist on the right side of reality.
“José!” Sumire shouts down the tunnel.
The engine’s rumbling slows for a beat, before she hears a skid of tires, and the engine
getting louder at an alarming speed.
“Oh, hey, Miss!” Sumire barely hears José’s cheerful greeting over the sound of his car
coming to a very abrupt stop on the tracks just below the platform. “It’s been a while. Things
are kind of funny at the moment. I’m kinda surprised you’re here.”
Funny is one way of putting it.
“Um.” Sumire opens and closes her mouth, leaning over the edge as far as she dares, “Yes.
Do you know what’s happening?”
“A bit!” José smiles, “But, it’s sorta hard to explain. Um, I guess…” He frowns, “The line
between your world and this one just got a lot more solid? But also brittle. And kind of sharp,
too…”
Sumire gathered that much.
José continues, tapping his giant toy hammer against the wheel of his car, “I’ve been trying to
fix it up a bit, but it’s taking a while. I think someone else is trying to help too! Which is nice
of them.” He beams like absolutely nothing is wrong.
“Okay.” Sumire eventually says, because she can’t think of anything else. “This isn’t quite
Mementos, is it?”
José leans out of his car a bit, looking around at nothing, “Hm… not really? It’s pretty close,
though. I really am surprised that you were able to get in, miss.” He laughs, “But I guess
you’re weird.”

Sumire almost finds it within herself to smile, “I guess so. My friends haven’t been able to
get in. They got kicked out earlier, too.”
José frowns, “Yeah… are all your friends persona users?”
Sumire supposes that they are, though she’s never really thought about it before. “Yes…?”
“This… call it a barrier.” José gestures to everything, “Usually, it moulds around you guys.
It’s supposed to let you in, see? With a little push, of course, otherwise you’d be stumbling
into the other world all the time. Creatures like Mister Tanuki can get in a lot easier since
they’re from this side.”
Tanuki…? “You mean…” Sumire blinks, baffled, “Mona?”
José nods eagerly, “I think that’s what the Mister with the red gloves called him!”
Tanuki is a new one.
“Anyway,” José continues, “Wildcards can get in a lot easier, too. That Person says that they
need to trip and fall in easier than everyone else, otherwise their journeys would never begin!
Even if he isn’t in charge of it.” He laughs.
“So, people like Morgana, and Ren, and Goro- um, the tanuki and the two wildcards,” Sumire
hastens to explain, unsure if José knows their names, “They’d have an easier time getting into
the Metaverse right now?”
José frowns, and scratches at his head, “Well, that’s the thing, Miss. Right now, it feels like
it’s the opposite.” He reaches out, and pokes at something Sumire can’t see, “It’s really spiky,
and only for some people, too! Which is rude.”
“So wildcards can’t get in at all?” Sumire asks, alarm building. If Goro can’t get in at all…
“If they had an anchor, maybe!” José interrupts her spiralling, “It’s a bit, um… what’s the
saying? Hit or miss? But I’m fixing it right now!”
“How long will that take?” Sumire asks quietly.
José hums, contemplative, “A few hours? Maybe even faster!”
Not nearly fast enough.
Sumire sighs through her nose, “Um, okay.” She stands, and steps away from the edge of the
platform, “I should probably get going.”
“Oh, already?” José frowns, “Do you need a lift, Miss?”
Sumire pauses, “Sure?”
***

She’s flung out of the Metaverse about halfway to the precinct, with an echoing “Sorry,
Miss!” from José and a few scrapes and bruises to show for it. She has to walk the rest of the
way.
Ann, Makoto, and Ren are waiting for her once she finds the right street corner, a safe
distance away from both the courthouse and police headquarters.
Ren looks a bit surprised to see her, “Sumire?”
“I left the call a bit after you did.” She explains quickly, and the look on his face makes it
clear they’re both on the same page as for why.
“The Nav still isn’t working.” Ren says stonily.
Sumire jumps, and quickly waves her hands, “I got it to work a little bit!”
Ann and Makoto’s heads both whip up to look at her, “What?” Makoto asks, eyes wide and
hopeful, “Really?”
Sumire nods, “Just a bit. It wasn’t… quite Mementos, but it was pretty close.”
“Just Mementos?” Ann asks, pulling her phone away from her ear, “Like, can you get into a
palace too?”
“Is Mementos not enough?” Ren frowns.
Makoto shakes her head, and gestures to Ann’s phone, “Futaba says it’s not enough. My
sister’s palace could work, though, if we’re trying for a discrete extraction.”
Sumire hurriedly takes out her own phone, “Um- Sae Niijima, Courthouse, Casino.”
Beg-innin-- Nav- ga-- t-on
Sumire waits, and hopes for a familiar ripple.
Nothing.
Ren groans and digs his palms into his eyes. “So palaces are off-limits. Sure.”
“…I wonder if it’s because there isn’t a half-way with palaces.” Sumire muses, glum, “OhJosé told me that I wasn’t really in Mementos proper, so…”
“You spoke with José?” Makoto snaps to attention, “Did he say anything else?”
Sumire shakes her head, “Just that he’s fixing the problem, but it’ll take a few hours.”
“The twins told me the same thing.” Ren mutters, and waves an arm, “Velvet Room stuff.
They’re trying to fix it too.”
Sumire jumps, “Oh! He also said that it’s kind of… targeted.” She inclines her head to Ren,
“Wildcards especially are being kept out, I mean.”

“Great.” Ren hisses to the air.
“Do you think a few hours is enough?” Ann asks, grim, pulling away from her phone again
and turning back to the group.
Ren shrugs, tense, “I have no idea.”
“Right now,” Makoto begins, “We can only hope that Akechi manages to convince Sis to
help him. She’s still ignoring my calls.” She adds.
“That’s all we have?” Sumire asks weakly.
“Got any other ideas?” Ann mumbles.
No. She doesn’t.
***
Sae wonders if it’s worse that Akechi is spouting nonsense, or that she almost believes him.
She’s no closer to getting the identities of the Phantom Thieves out of him. Occasionally he’ll
mumble out something that sounds like a code name; Joker, Violet, and Noir being the most
common to spill out of his mouth.
She’s gathered, from context, that Joker is the true leader of the Phantom Thieves. Akechi
also has an unfortunate habit of shutting down entirely whenever Sae tries to push for any
clues on his identity.
What little she knows, is this:
One, there is allegedly another world that can be accessed through and app on certain
people’s phones (what.) that reflects the minds of particularly distorted (whatever metric
that’s supposed to be) individuals, along with the more collective ‘Mementos’.
Two, Akechi is adamant that he is the true culprit behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic
breakdown incidents that have been plaguing Japan for over two years, encompassing the
entire time he’s been on the investigation with Sae, and seems to find her blatant disbelief an
endless source of amusement.
Three, he has alarmingly little to say on the matter of the Phantom Thieves.
Sae can barely get a comment out of him on the subject of the thieves’ targets, aside from the
occasional insult and directionless scowl.
Asking him about the incidents he supposedly caused brings even less information. Akechi
will simply stare her down whenever she pries for a motive, or an accomplice, or fucking
anything.
If he’s trying to get Sae to believe a word that comes out of his mouth, he’s doing a terrible
job. At this point, She would be willing to hold a conversation with Oracle if it meant she

could get them to answer the damn questions that Akechi takes so much pleasure in keeping
locked behind his teeth.
“Answer me properly this time.” Sae snaps, at her wits end, “Why did the police arrest you?”
It takes a while before it seems like Akechi’s even registered her question, the speed at which
he’s able to give her answers or deflections on a steady decline the longer they spend in this
room, “…Police were surrounding the courthouse.”
Sae remembers the officer that told her they’d made an arrest had mentioned that it occurred
at the courthouse. She hadn’t put much thought into it at the time, but… “ Surrounding it?
Were they expecting the thieves to be there?”
“Must have.” Akechi grits out, “I don’t know how.”
Sae grasps the implication that the thieves were there, too, “Why the courthouse?” She
pushes, “Why were you there, I mean? Was there one of those palaces at that location?”
Maybe she can pinpoint their next target.
“There is.” Akechi’s eyes trace something across the table, “That was supposed to be our last
infiltration there.”
Sae’s eyebrows shoot up, “You’ve changed their heart, then?”
Akechi shakes his head, “No. Queen was… curious.” His lips twist with something that
might be annoyance, before they soften into a frown, “Think psychoanalysis, rather than an
infiltration.”
Queen is a new name. And- Sae supposes that she hadn’t considered psychoanalysis as a
potential use for these palaces, in the short time she’s known of their existence.
Her lips curl involuntarily at the thought of something so invasive, done for so flippant a
reason as curiosity. Her opinion of the Phantom Thieves swings wildly with each new drop of
information she’s given.
“What was the distortion?” Sae asks. If it was located at the courthouse, then perhaps she
knows the victim. It might be difficult to parse; she doesn’t know her coworkers that well,
but it’s a clue“A casino.”
Akechi is meeting her eyes for the first time in a while.
Something in Sae’s gut twists.
Thinking of the courthouse like a casino . She wants to scoff at the audacity. Based on that
alone, she assumes she doesn’t know who the palace belongs to, though the chances of that
were slim to begin with.

Perhaps it’s a defendant with a complex, or a particularly incompetent lawyer. Seeing their
trial as one big gamble, each statement a roll of the dice to get the judge on their side.
They probably don’t have a very good grasp of how a casino truly functions, in that case.
Only fools and the overly desperate are unaware of how each game is rigged; dice weighted,
and decks stacked. The house always wins, and it would be an insult for a gambler to stumble
their way to victory when those that set the tables have total control overSae abruptly feels very cold.
Akechi’s stare is pointed, looking straight through her.
“You’re not serious. ” She snarls.
(Something in her balks at the idea of something so gaudy, so- much, being her distortion.
The fact that she’s considered distorted at all, by some strange metric based off of who knows
what makes her feel sick-)
What the hell do they know?
Curiosity? That was their reason for prying into her mind like- likeOr is that even true? Maybe they were trying to change her heart, sway her investigation
while inspecting her brain with clinical detachment; lobotomise her while she’s doing
everything she damn well can for justice.
Sae stands. “I think we’re done here.”
Something like alarm twitches on Akechi’s expression.
“I don’t know what you think you can get away with.” Sae hisses, bundling her things
together and slinging her bag over her shoulder, “Or how much of what you said is even the
truth.” None of it. He’s a lying piece of- “But this is clearly pointless.”
Akechi’s eyes widen, “Wait-”
Sae quickly opens and slams the door to the interrogation room behind her.
“Get anything out of him?” The guard asks mildly.
Sae takes a sharp breath, “Nothing.”

Chapter End Notes

hello! :D

...there is very little i can say that is funnier than the tonal whiplash caused by the end of
the chapter to the start of my author's notes, so i suppose i'll simply stay quiet
HAHAHA. see you next week!
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! alas, no rank ups. kinda hard to do that when you're stuck in a room. and
drugged.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 8
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 7
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: I'm the one behind all the incidents these past few years. And i'm a Phantom
Thief, kind of.
Sae: I knew it, the Phantom Thieves ARE responsibleAkechi: What? No. I said I'm responsible. Keep up, Sae.

Chapter 77
Chapter Summary

Take two.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Wasted time is a source of great irritation for Sae.
The past hour or so is surely considered as such. She wonders if that also extends to the past
two years, chasing down a culprit that she inadvertently help hide his own crimes.
Allegedly. Presumably. Sae doesn’t know any more.
A waste of time surely applies to the Phantom Thieves’ latest endeavour, too. No calling card
was sent, no sudden announcements, no disappearances, and Sae’s mind is left entirely intact.
(She wonders what the casino looks like.)
It’s not real. And if it is, it doesn’t matter.
Sae should have gone home when she first intended.
As she storms through the ground floor of the precinct, having spent the short elevator ride
stewing in silence, an officer waves her over.
“Niijima-san!” He calls- Sasaki, Sae remembers, “Have any luck?”
“None.” Sae informs him tightly.
It’s rich coming from him, asking if she had any success with interrogation, considering the
state he left Akechi in.
(Sae is furious, a bundle of rigid and sharp nerves. As far as she’s concerned, whether Akechi
is truly a Phantom Thief or the perpetrator of the mental shutdowns and psychotic
breakdowns, he’s getting what’s coming to him.
He can rot, for all she cares.
But, still, the memory of all those bruises and needles scattered across the floor makes her
feel sick- )

Sasaki chuckles, sheepish, “Well, shows what I get for thinking he might be more responsive
to someone he’s familiar with.”
“He might have been more responsive if he was lucid. ” Sae sneers before she can think
better.
The look Sasaki gives her is unreadable, “Loosened his tongue, didn’t it?”
You’re sick. You’re fucking disgusting. Sae snarls in her mind. “Loosened his mind, too. He
was spouting complete nonsense.”
Sasaki raises his eyebrows, something about the motion just a bit off, “Oh? Like what? We
couldn’t get him to talk at all.”
Lie.
Sae isn’t one to deny her instincts.
“As I said, nonsense.” She says smoothly. “He could barely string a sentence together. I left
after he stopped registering I was there at all.”
Akechi’s myriad confessions are her discoveries. Her leads to chase and verify. She won’t be
handing over such information to the man who made her job more difficult to start.
Sasaki clicks his tongue, “That’s a shame. Guess we’ll have to try again after he wakes up.”
Don’t think about the bruises. Don’t think about the needles. Don’t think about the look on
Akechi’s face when Sae left, panicked and afraid“I suppose so.” Sae agrees, “I’ll be back tomorrow.”
“See you then, Niijima-san.” Sasaki waves a farewell, “Best of luck.”
Sae doesn’t return the sentiment. She nods her own goodbye, and strides towards the exit.
Maybe she should return Makoto’s call, she thinks, distantly remembering having ignored her
when Oracle contacted her. She slides her phone out of her pocket as she steps onto the street,
heading towards the parking lot.
She blinks down at the home screen with some alarm, realising that Makoto has been trying
to contact her the entire time she was interrogating Akechi. She had brushed off her call
before, assuming that it wasn’t urgent, but, what if-?
The phone lights up with another call.
Sae clicks her tongue, and swipes to accept it, “Makoto? What’s going on? Why have you
called me twenty times in the past hour-”
“Sis.” Makoto interrupts her, voice wet, “Oh, thank god,”

“Makoto?” She asks again, and stops walking. Is she crying? Sae hasn’t heard her cry since“Is something wrong? I’ve been busy-”
“Are you interrogating the Phantom Thief they arrested?”
Sae’s stomach drops.
“How do you know about that?” She asks, low and measured.
***
Makoto has one shot at this.
She fucked up. She dragged Ann and Akechi into this, and she cannot let this be her fault.
This will not become worse than it already is.
Ren, Sumire, and Ann’s eyes had all snapped to her, panicked and tentative, when the call to
her sister went through.
Makoto hopes, desperately, that Akechi was right when he said they had accomplished
something in the casino.
Choose your words carefully. Johanna warns.
“Are you still there?” Sae says when the silence drags too long, “ How do you know that? ”
“Someone contacted you earlier, yes?” Makoto asks. What name would Futaba have used?
“Oracle, right?”
There’s a long pause.
“Explain yourself.” Sae barks.
Makoto refuses to shrink back, not here. She ignores everyone’s stares as she steadies herself,
“Are you interrogating the Phantom Thief?” She asks again, “Is he there?”
“You know who it is.” It’s not a question.
“Yes.”
Another long pause.
“Makoto.”
“Sis.”
Makoto knows Sae is far from stupid.
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t haul you into the station myself.” Sae snarls.
No. “Sis, just listen for a second-”

“You think this is a game?” Sae spits, “You’re one of them, is that what you’re implying?”
“I am.”
Sae lets out a stream of curses. Makoto manages to bite back her wince.
“First Akechi, now you? ” Sae grits.
“So you have spoken to him?” Makoto pushes.
“Of course I have.” She snaps, “Like I’d let an opportunity like that slip by.”
“Whatever he said is true.” Makoto says in a rush, hoping that’s actually the case, “Please,
Sis, you have to listen to him, to me, ”
“So you admit to-” Sae cuts herself off with a scoff, “Rummaging around in my head? Are
you the ‘Queen’ he mentioned?”
Makoto abruptly wishes that Akechi had been a little less truthful. “…Yes.” She admits.
“How dare you?” Sae growls, “I do everything for you, and you betray me like this-”
Makoto is not having this same conversation twice in one day, “Be mad at me all you want,
but if you don’t do something then Akechi will die!”
Sumire jumps at the sudden shouting.
Sae is silent for a moment, “…What?”
“I’m serious.” Makoto says forcefully, “The police want a scapegoat. You think that they’re
going to let this go to trial? Sis, it’s-” How can she possibly explain this? “They won’t want
Akechi to talk. There’s- someone pulling the strings. Akechi knows too much.”
“Because he’s behind the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns.”
Fucking hell, did Akechi tell her everything? It’s not like Makoto can deny it, “Well, yes, butit’s more complicated than that.”
“So it’s true.” Sae’s voice is unreadable.
“I just said that.” Makoto hisses, “But think. Feel however you want; but if Akechi is the gun,
do you think it’s just if he dies so the people pulling the trigger can cover their asses?”
Sae says nothing.
“Do you want him to die?” Makoto pushes.
More silence.
“I’ve already left the underground interrogation rooms.” Sae says quietly.

Makoto doesn’t let relief bloom. Not yet. “Can you go back?”
“Maybe.” Sae mutters, clipped, “I don’t think anyone is interrogating him right now. I might
be able to convince the guard that I forgot something.”
“The guard…” Makoto mumbles to herself, trying to think of a solution. She looks up to see
Ren gesturing furiously to put the call on speakerphone, “Um- maybe. Some of my- some of
the others are here. I’m going to put you on speakerphone.”
“Whatever.”
“The guard will be in on it.” Ren says immediately, “He’ll probably be expecting someone to
come back to deal with Goro. Make sure you don’t tip him off that you know what’s up.”
“Who are you?”
Ren makes a face, “…Joker.” He eventually says.
“Akechi mentioned you.” Sae says, voice abruptly lowering as she presumably re-enters the
police headquarters. “Who else is there?”
“Oh, uh- I’m Panther.” Ann stutters out, turning away from her rapid-fire updates to the other
thieves, pulling her phone away from her ear.
“I’m Violet.” Sumire adds, “Please help us, Niijima-san.”
There’s an incredulous half-laugh, “That’s what I’m doing.”
***
Akechi, even through the fog that still permeates his mind, can pinpoint quite exactly where
he went wrong.
Of course Sae wouldn’t take kindly to the possibility that someone had tried to change her
heart. Akechi would have reacted the same way, in her position. Why should she help
someone who potentially deemed her in need of a personality rewrite?
Leaving him to rot is entirely reasonable.
Akechi supposes that unless the Phantom Thieves have some grand plan to spirit him away as
an ace up their sleeve, that all there is left to do is wait to die.
He wonders if the cleaner will be the one to do it. He’d be difficult to sneak into a police
station, but that hardly matters when half the precinct will turn a blind eye at Shido’s word.
Maybe Akechi can try and get his name, in the process. Not like he’d be able to pass it along
to the thieves, though.
Or maybe Sasaki will come back to do it. Entirely possible, he muses. Akechi just hopes the
cleaner pays him a visit after the deed is done.

Suffice to say, Akechi is quite surprised when the next person to open the door to the
interrogation room is Sae Niijima.
“I thought you left.” Akechi says.
Sae ignores him, pulling her phone out of her pocket and holding it a small ways away from
her face, “They let me in. Now what?”
“Is he there? Is he okay?”
Akechi sits up abruptly, ignoring the sudden flare of his bruised ribs as Ren’s voice filters
through the phone.
“He’s as fine as he was last I saw him.” Sae comments drily, looking him up and down.
How delightfully vague. Akechi supposes that the concern is irritating, anyway.
“Was the guard still at the door?” Makoto, this time.
“He was.” Sae says, moving closer to the table, “He didn’t question it when I asked to be let
back in.”
“That’s good…” Sumire’s voice.
“Is everyone there?” Akechi mutters, taken aback.
“Crow?!” Ann blurts, “Oh- okay- sorry,” She laughs, sheepish, “I’m just really glad. Um,
no, it’s just me, Joker, Violet, and Queen that are here. All the others are at home.”
“We didn’t bother meeting at the hideout.” Ren says, the waver in his voice betraying
whatever calm he’s attempting to project, “Would’ve taken too long.”
“That aside.” Sae interjects, an unreadable expression on her face, “Let me clarify what
exactly it is you want me to do.”
“Go ahead.” Makoto prompts, sounding hesitant.
“You want me to find a way to get Akechi out of here, yes?” Sae says, staring directly at him,
like there’s anything he can contribute to this. “I hope you understand what it is I’m risking.”
“Is that seriously what matters right now?” Makoto snaps.
Sae’s lips press together, “…They’re going to know it was me.”
“You’re going to have a lot bigger things to worry about beyond losing your job once they
figure out it was you.” Ren says coldly.
“Do you want me to help or not?” Sae responds, equally icy.
“Please.” Sumire cuts in, sounding a bit desperate, “Isn’t it worth it if you can save him?”

Sae doesn’t blink, “Is it?”
Ah, has she finally started believing him about his myriad criminal confessions? Or maybe
she’s still pissed about him having rooted around in her psyche.
“If you’re going to leave me here,” Akechi begins, “Then you should stop wasting everyone’s
time and get it over with.”
“Goro.” Ren says, sharp; and wasn’t he the one antagonising Sae not thirty seconds ago?
The look Sae gives him is complicated.
“How can I even get him out of here?” She eventually says, “I can’t just waltz past the guard
with the suspect in tow.”
Oh. Akechi doesn’t have the energy to keep the surprise off his face. Sae meets it with a
glare.
“…I don’t think I can walk on my own.” He adds, distant.
There’s a sharp breath from the phone. Akechi wonders if it was Ren or Sumire.
“So we can’t do anything that would require stealth.” Sae concludes, eyes still boring through
him, “Though, that wasn’t really an option to begin with.”
“So what can we do, then?” Ann asks.
“Is the Metaverse still being uncooperative?” Akechi hums out.
“It is.” Makoto confirms tightly, “Apparently, it should fix itself in a few hours, but we don’t
know if we have that time.”
There’s a pause, presumably as everyone sinks into their own minds to think. All Akechi can
muster a thought for is how bright the overhead light is. He averts his eyes.
“Um,” Sumire pipes up, “Niijima-san, is Goro’s phone there?”
Sae frowns, confused, “I do have it, yes.”
***
Ren gives her a look.
“…I suppose if we run out of options we could always wait out the clock and pray.” Makoto
says drily, “I hadn’t considered that Sis’ phone wouldn’t have the Metanav, but I suppose
that’s one problem solved.”
Sumire quickly shakes her head, “No, I mean, we can use it now. ”
Maybe. Hopefully. This is a long shot, she’s aware, but it’s the only thing she can think of.

“…What are you thinking?” Goro’s voice filters through Makoto’s phone, quiet and slightly
slurred.
Sumire takes a deep breath. Don’t think about it. She can worry about the state he’s in later.
He sounds so far awayLater. Ella murmurs, and Sumire listens.
“Well, we know that what’s keeping us out is targeted towards wildcards, right?” Sumire
begins, “And persona users too, since otherwise the rest of us would be able to get in just
fine.”
“Yeah?” Ann presses.
“Well, what if someone who doesn’t have a persona tried to get through?” Sumire finishes.
Ren blinks, head tilting slowly.
“But,” Makoto cuts in, “Akechi’s a wildcard. Even if Sis could get in, wouldn’t he still be
stuck?”
Sumire quickly shakes her head, “José mentioned something about an anchor? Um, I’m not
quite sure what that means exactly, but maybe Niijima-san can -I don’t know- pull Goro
through?”
“What’s the verdict?” Niijima’s voice comes through, and it takes Sumire a second to realise
that she probably isn’t talking to her.
“…I’m not sure.” Goro says, “It has some precedent.”
Sumire has no idea what precedent he’s referring to, but she nods eagerly towards the other
thieves, nonetheless.
“There’s no reason not to try it.” Ren says.
“That’s true.” Makoto agrees, “The worst that could happen is that it doesn’t work.”
Ann pulls away from her phone after muttering something into the receiver. Sumire thinks
she hears what sounds like Futaba shout… something. “Then let’s do it!” Ann says hurriedly,
“Joker’s right, there’s no reason not to.”
There’s a pointed shout from Ann’s phone again, and she winces and ducks back in. “Oh…”
She frowns, “Fu- Oracle wants to remind us that they can’t go through Mementos.”
Sumire grimaces, remembering what the only other option is.
“Meaning?” Niijima cuts in sharply.

“Oh,” Makoto stutters, “You’ll… have to go through your own palace. It’s the only place we
know of that will be fully formed enough to- um.”
“I get the gist.” Niijima snaps.
There’s a pause.
“Will it be okay for Niijima to be in her own palace?” Ren asks, directing his question
towards one of the two phones.
“So long as she doesn’t run into her shadow it should be fine.” Goro says.
“You won’t even be entering the palace proper, so that won’t be a problem.” Makoto
concludes with a firm nod.
Sumire tries not to let the swooping relief in her gut fly too high, “Oh, and…” She
remembers to add, “You won’t be able to call us while you’re in the Metaverse.”
“So I’ll be navigating it on my own.” Niijima hums.
“It’ll look just like the real world, except there’ll be no people.” Ren explains, “You should
be fine.”
“Barring the casino in place of the courthouse.” Goro adds blandly, which Sumire doesn’t
think is entirely necessary.
“I get it.” Niijima says coolly.
“We’re a few streets down from the police headquarters, um-” Makoto cuts herself off,
looking for a street sign and reciting the name once she finds it. “On the corner. There’s no
one around, so you’ll be fine to exit the Metaverse once you get out.”
“Alright.” Niijima acknowledges. “…I’ll hang up now.”
Sumire wrings her hands together.
“Call us back if it doesn’t work.” Ren says.
“I will.” Niijima agrees, and the line disconnects.
And they wait.
***
Sae wonders if she’s experiencing a bout of temporary madness.
She’d have to be, to be considering going along with this. To have agreed to go along with
this.
She takes the phone that Sasaki gave to her out of her pocket, and frowns. “This isn’t your
phone.” She turns to Akechi.

“It’s a burner.” Is the flat response.
Sae rolls her eyes, “Well? What’s the passcode?”
Akechi mumbles out a string of numbers that Sae dutifully taps onto the screen. The phone
unlocks without fanfare.
“The… Metanav you mentioned is on here somewhere?” Sae pushes, unsure what she’s
looking for.
“It’s an eye.” Akechi says, and Sae spots it immediately.
It’s glaringly obvious, in hindsight. There’s something not quite right about how it sits on the
homepage; as strange as that sounds, even in her head. She still can’t quite get over the fact
that it’s an app.
She taps on it, and a rather innocuous user interface expands on the screen. The edges blur
black and red.
“So.” Sae begins, haltingly, “How do I activate this?”
Akechi leans forward slightly, “Say your name.”
He could be the one doing this. Sae obliges anyway, “Sae Niijima.”
Candidate Found. The Nav chirps. Enter a location and distortion to begin navigation.
A location? “…The courthouse.” Sae ventures.
Candidate Found.
And a distortion. Sae grits her teeth, and says: “Casino.”
Candidate found. Beginning Navigati“Not yet.” Akechi interrupts, sharper than he’s been in a while.
Some of the tension in Sae’s shoulders bleeds out minutely. A button declaring Begin
Navigation hovers at the bottom of the screen. “So how do I… pull you in?”
“There’s a thirty to sixty percent success rate for entry for those without…” Akechi murmurs,
before shaking his head, “Just- physical contact. A hand on an arm or shoulder should do it.”
Sae stiffly readjusts her bag over her shoulder (What is she doing ) and moves to the other
side of the table, awkwardly placing a hand on Akechi’s shoulder, unsure of the amount of
pressure to apply. She opts for light , unsure of what unseen bruises she might be agitating
with too heavy a hand.
“Whenever you’re ready.” Akechi shoots her a look out of the corner of his eye.
Sae taps her finger down on the Nav, forcefully, and feels nothing change.

“It’s not working.” She announces.
“Try again.” Akechi instructs, still a slight slur to his words.
Sae presses her lips together to prevent a sneer at- something, and readjusts her grip on
Akechi’s shoulder, before tapping down again.
And something shifts.
To say it’s unpleasant is simultaneously an understatement and a bit of a stretch.
It is, however, very distinctly unnerving. A small wobble, a violent lurch, a swooping drop
and a swirling miasma.
Akechi blinks slowly at the floor, entirely unfazed by the sensation, “I think I feel a bit
better.”
Sae doesn’t. If she hadn’t truly believed the Metaverse existed before, she certainly does now.
Even within the interrogation room, which appears entirely identical, there’s an oppressive
weight to the air. She isn’t quite sure if she means that figuratively or literally.
Which, based on Akechi’s vague mutterings about the place, is perhaps entirely the point.
She feels sick. Dizzy.
Isn’t this supposed to be her head?
That particular thought makes her feel even worse.
“Can you stand?” Sae snips out, slipping the phone back into her pocket.
Akechi’s brow furrows for a moment, “No.” He decides.
Well. Sae supposes that solves the problem of whether she’s allowed to let go of him, if she
has to carry him the whole way anyway.
“Come on.” Sae mutters, hauling one of Akechi’s arms over her shoulder as delicately as she
can. He hisses slightly, but otherwise doesn’t complain.
Akechi takes a moment, but is able to move his legs to a sufficient degree to walk while
leaning most of his weight against Sae.
“Didn’t you say there was magic in this world?” Sae grouses as they shuffle towards the door,
“Can’t you heal yourself, or something?” She feels ridiculous as she says it.
“I don’t have those kinds of skills.” Akechi says through gritted teeth, not batting an eye,
“And besides, you can’t heal real-world injuries in the Metaverse.”
Of course. Why would anything ever be easy?
“But you can heal ones made in… here.” Sae clarifies as she reaches for the door handle.

“Yes.” Akechi agrees, “Even death can be reversed, if you’re quick enough.”
Sae pauses before she opens the door, “…And if you aren’t?”
“It is quite difficult to pump life into something that is effectively an object.” Akechi says
simply.
Sae gets the picture. She doesn’t care to know how Akechi acquired this knowledge.
“There’s going to be a cognition outside the door.” Akechi adds, and he really does look a bit
better, more alert, now that he’s in this other world, “Of the guard. Convince it to leave you
alone, or kill it. It won’t have any effect on the real man.”
Sae hums shortly, unsure how exactly Akechi expects her to kill a man while he’s still slung
over her shoulder. Or at all.
She pushes the door open.
The guard is there, as predicted, “Niijima-san?!” He exclaims, “What- What are you doing
with the suspect?”
Make something up.
“Officer Sasaki requested a transferal.” Sae straightens up, “He requested I fetch the suspect
myself. He’s being moved to another cell.”
This is her own mind. She should be in control. She is.
The guard -cognition?- blinks, “I… see. Right, of course. Do you require any assistance-”
“Not at all.” Sae gives a shallow bow, “I’ll be going now.”
The cognition nods as Sae turns, and settles back into his place next to the door.
“…One more thing.” Sae shifts to look back to the man as a thought occurs to her, “What’s
your name?”
The cognition opens his mouthAnd nothing comes out. Static. A heartbeat in her ears. Or ocean waves.
Sae stares.
“If you don’t know his name,” Akechi speaks up, low, “Then he doesn’t have one.”
Sae adds it to the ever-growing list of things that unnerve her about this place.
She huffs, “…Let’s go, then.”
As they shuffle down the hall, steps echoing as they should but- muffled? They don’t sound
right- Akechi asks: “What were you hoping to accomplish with his name?”

Sae shifts his weight over her shoulder again, “Joker said he would be in on it. It would be
good to have his name.” She gives Akechi the side-eye. “Do you know who he is?”
“No.” Akechi returns the side-eye, with a scowl on the side, “He’s not important enough.
And, in all likelihood-” He cuts himself off.
“What?” Sae snaps.
“Nothing.” Akechi glares, “How much did Joker and the others tell you?”
“Not much.” Sae admits, “There wasn’t a lot of time.”
“…How did they contact you?” Akechi asks, “…Did you mention Oracle calling you,
earlier?”
“Can’t remember?”
“Forgive me.” Akechi says, sardonic, “For being unable to properly parse the events of the
past…” He trails off, “How long…?”
“I’d say from when you were arrested, it’s been about three hours.” Sae approximates, “But,
for your information, Makoto called me.”
“Huh.” Is all Akechi has to say to that, apparently- “So you know, then?”
“Of course I know.” Sae snarls as she drags him into the elevator, “Even if she called me
from a different number, I’d recognise her voice.”
Akechi snorts.
“Do you find this situation funny? ” Sae spits as she barely refrains from punching the
elevator buttons, “What am I saying? Of course you do. You found this whole thing hilarious
while I was interrogating you.”
No response.
Sae glares, “Have you passed out?”
Akechi looks up, just to roll his eyes, brat, “What do you want me to say, Sae-san?”
“Tell me.” She demands, “Why you were lying this whole time.”
“I could hardly confess my crimes to you.” Akechi says mildly, “It has become quite apparent
that the process of being arrested is a rather painful affair.”
The elevator dings, having reached the ground floor. The door slides open to a starkly empty
lobby, and Sae drags the both of them out so fast that Akechi stumbles over his own feet.
“This is bigger than you.” Sae deduces. “There would be no one to be in on it if it wasn’t.”
“How astute of you.” Akechi mocks through gritted teeth.

“So why didn’t you ask for help?”
Akechi stumbles again. “What?”
“If you were being forced to commit these crimes, why didn’t you come to me? ” Sae
demands, “Why did you go to the Phantom Thieves of all people?”
Akechi is quiet as they walk towards the exit.
“You still seem to be harbouring a fundamental misunderstanding of the situation, Sae-san.”
He eventually says, level and unreadable.
“Makoto said it was more complicated than that, when she confirmed your… confessions. ”
Sae feels her lip curl, “I can only assume that means you were coerced.”
Quietly, with a twist of something uncomfortable in her chest, Sae can admit that makes
sense. By the time the mental shutdowns started occurring, if she takes Wakaba Isshiki as the
first recorded case, Akechi would have only been fifteen. Younger, possibly; the police have
never quite nailed down a specific start date on these incidents, given their nature, and the
psychotic breakdowns are ever harder to make any declarations for.
To the point: what teenager decides to murder some random woman out of the blue?
(A counterpoint: what teenager gains access to some mystical otherworld shaped by the
human mind?
Far too many, Sae is beginning to see.)
“I don’t know who it is you fell in with.” Sae continues with ferocity, “Yakuza, or something?
I could have done-”
What? What could you have done?
“-something.” She finishes.
Akechi tilts his head, expression still entirely blank as they shuffle out of the police
headquarters that lives in Sae’s head.
The silence stretches long enough that she assumes that Akechi isn’t going to answer.
“I wasn’t coerced.”
Sae freezes, one step down from the exit.
“Everything I’ve done has been my own choice.” Akechi states, entirely calm, “You’re
concocting a false image of me based on what little information you have. I suppose I can’t
fault you for it, but I’m nipping this in the bud.”
Sae flexes her fingers against Akechi’s arm. She sees bright, colourful lights, emanating from
somewhere tucked just out of view. She ignores it.

Akechi continues, heedless of her silence, “I suspect you were… rationalising this encounter,
yes? It’s easy to claim what you’re doing is for justice’s sake if you’re saving some poor,
beaten victim, rather than a murderer on the verge of getting what’s coming to him.”
What are you playing at? “Are you attempting to tell me,” Sae clips out with steel, “That you
are solely responsible for the incidents over the past two and a half years. That you began all
this at fifteen,” She remembers when Makoto was fifteen, barely after their father had- “And
you have since played every member of law enforcement for a fool for, what? Fun?”
Akechi smiles. “Would you haul me back to that room to face my fate if I said yes?”
He’s fucking with you.
“Because my answer to your question is that I am the only one even remotely capable of
committing those crimes-”
He’s always fucking with you.
“That wasn’t my question.” Sae snaps, and starts moving down the steps, Akechi in tow, once
again.
Akechi stops talking. Shutting him up for once feels pretty good.
“I think you’re lying to me.” Sae tells him, “And I can’t fathom the reason why.”
“I’m not lying.” Akechi sniffs, sounding almost petulant.
“I doubt Makoto would be so desperate to save you if you were an unrepentant killer.” Sae
drawls out loftily.
“She feels guilty.” Akechi shoots her down, “It’s half her fault this happened at all. And,
besides, the Phantom Thieves are a bunch of incurable bleeding hearts. They’d be hard
pressed to leave anyone to rot.”
“Tell that to their victims.” Sae snipes, lowering the both of them down the last step.
Akechi snorts, “You know, Joker and I have had that exact conversation before. I’ve touched
on it with Violet and Noir, as well.” He pauses, expression blank again, “I suppose there are
some people they wouldn’t bat an eye at leaving to die, beyond their no murder shtick.”
Sae finds she hates that look in his eyes more than ever. She can’t glean a thing. “And you
somehow don’t fit that definition.”
“Funny, isn’t it?” Akechi hums, mild as ever.
Hilarious.
“Why have you been trying to shoot yourself in the foot?” Sae asks.

“Whatever could you be referring to.” Akechi says, flat, not even bothering to phrase it as a
question.
“Wouldn’t it be to your benefit, so spin a sob story about how you fell into a bad crowd at the
ripe age of fifteen, spontaneously discovered magic that they sought to abuse, and have been
dragged along by the neck ever since?"
Akechi huffs, “Would you have believed something like that?”
She was halfway to spinning the story on her own not two minutes ago. “I don’t know what
to believe. You aren’t making any of this any easier.”
Akechi hums, and tilts his head. “You know…”
“What?”
“I hate the way you think about me.”
Sae freezes again.
The way this journey is going, she gets the feeling there are going to be a fair number of
stops and starts.
“You’re going to have to be more specific.” Sae says slowly.
How does she think about Akechi?
Her coworker. A snake. (Her friend?). A nuisance.
Someone steadfast in the pursuit of justice. A murderer. A liar. A cheat.
(Sometimes, he’s so much like Makoto that it twists something in her chest and makes her
blurt out stupid, superficial shit. Invitations for lunch, for dinner. Batting him on the forehead
with a pen and telling him to go home early. Pawning off old tickets on him, telling him to
take along a friend.
She wonders, how many times the bags under his eyes were the cause of him taking the night
shift to spill some blood.)
Shouldn’t her… cognitive version of him, or whatever it is, have appeared in that room, much
like the guard? She certainly thinks of Akechi far more than she does anyone else in the
precinct, perhaps on par with the director, so even discounting the recency bias of him being
right here, he should haveShe spots the lights again, in the corner of her eye.
Ah.
So he’s in there.

“What’s he like?” Sae asks, as she starts walking again.
Akechi startles, “Hm?”
“My cognitive version of you.” She elaborates, “He’s in the casino, isn’t he?”
“Sharp.” Akechi compliments lightly, the way he used to. “Indeed it is.”
“Well?”
“The best description I can muster is: completely insufferable.”
Sae barks a laugh, “Doesn’t that say more about you than it does me-”
“It’s also caught in something of an endless loop of death.” Akechi interrupts.
Sae cannot keep freezing every time Akechi throws her off-guard. She keeps walking, jaw
clenched together.
“You seem to perceive me as someone entirely above it all.” He continues, “Winning rigged
games, smoothly cheating the system while everyone else is left none the wiser.” He tilts his
head, “Until, of course, I am swiftly dealt my comeuppance once the odds are a little too
stacked against my favour.”
“I never thought you were dead.” Sae tells him quietly. They’ve been over this.
“I know.” Akechi says, unnecessarily, “But, what was it your shadow said? ‘I might as well
be’? ”
Sae finally stops ignoring the lights.
Nestled down and away from the police headquarters stands a monolith plated in gold. Lights
are strung around every pole and tree, playing cards sweeping from the entrance in a flurry,
all bathed in a neon smog that chokes the air and draws highways for spotlights that dance
and spin at nothing.
She stares even as she continues forward.
“My shadow. What is she like?” Sae asks, like a fool, do you really want to know?
Akechi hums slightly, considering, “I have never met a shadow that is pleasant company.”
Sae isn’t stupid enough to believe she’s the exception. “Don’t dodge the question.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Fine. Your shadow is a self-righteous, egocentric tyrant who can’t go
two minutes without reminding everyone that she’s the only one allowed to win.”
Sae ought to laugh. She keeps staring at the casino.
“I hope you aren’t thinking of going inside.” Akechi comments to her silence.

That draws a scoff from her lips, “Of course not. I’m not an idiot.”
“Glad to hear it.” Akechi drawls.
Sae finally tears her eyes from the lights, scouring for the road she’s meant to be heading
down. Some of the street signs are a bit blurry, to her annoyance, but she recalls with some
certainty which direction she needs to be heading, nonetheless.
“I don’t know what to think of you anymore.” Sae says once they’re halfway down the road,
apropos nothing, “If that’s any consolation to you.”
“I think your opinion will solidify rather quickly once you’re fully brought into the loop.”
Akechi says.
Maybe so.
I don’t actually want you to die, Sae almost says. She doesn’t, if only because Akechi will
likely laugh in her face, or remind her of her very deliberate attempts to leave him as such.
Still, as they turn the last couple of corners, she lets the thought sit.
(In the silence that Akechi doesn’t bother to interpret, he feels the Moon grow to rank nine.)
A few metres away from the street corner, Sae takes out the Nav-afflicted phone from her
pocket. “We’re here. Are you ready?”
There’s a frown etched onto Akechi’s face, “I imagine that this second wind I’ve been feeling
won’t last into reality.” He says in lieu of an answer.
“Good to know.” Sae responds tightly, “I’m deactivating it now.”
The journey back is equally as discomforting as it was before. The only benefit Sae can
pinpoint is that when everything resettles, everything feels just a touch more grounded.
Akechi’s full weight suddenly slumps back into her side. She hadn’t even noticed he had
been pulling away.
And standing, huddled together on the side of the empty street is Makoto, two people, a boy
and a girl that she doesn’t recognise, and that blonde girl Sae vaguely recalls meeting a few
days ago; she knew her voice sounded familiar over the phoneThe girl with the red hair is the first to spot them. She opens her mouth like she’s about to
call out, before clearly thinking better of it and clamping her mouth shut, quickly tapping her
friends on their shoulders and pointing.
“Sis.” Makoto gasps as she stumbles to a stop, “It-”
“It worked.” The boy finishes, and no, Sae has seen him before, isn’t he the part-timer at
Leblanc-?

“-Goro?” The girl (Violet, Sae recognises by her voice) says with some urgency, “Hey- can
you hear me?”
Akechi grunts in something that might be confirmation, eyelids flickering, dazed.
“Hey.” Sae says sharply, “Stay awake.”
“We need to get him to Dr Takemi.” The boy (Joker, she clocks as he speaks again)
commands, mouth set in a furious line.
“How?” Makoto asks, “Through the Metaverse again? We can’t take him on the subway.”
“All the way to Yongen, though?” The blonde girl (Panther, clearly, but Takamaki, was it?)
counters, pulling away from whispering something furiously into her phone. Sae thinks she
catches a truncated summary of events.
“Can H- Noir call someone to drive us?” Violet asks anxiously.
Makoto shakes her head, “But then the driver would know. It’s too risky.”
“Don’t you have a car?” Joker speaks up, directing his question towards Sae without taking
his eyes off Akechi.
“I do.” Sae confirms, “I can double back, if you need.”
“Will anyone think it’s strange that you’re walking back?” Makoto questions.
Sae shakes her head, “The car park can be accessed separately from the main building.
Anyone who sees me in there won’t have any way of knowing where I entered from.”
“What about the guard?” Joker interjects, “The one outside the interrogation room, I mean.
He saw you go back in, but he didn’t see you come back out.”
“Won’t they already know she helped him escape, though?” Violet points out.
Joker frowns, “…They’ll assume, but it might buy some time. For what, I don’t know.” He
finally looks up at Sae, “It’s your call. Want to take the long way back?”
Sae considers it, gesturing for Joker to take Akechi off her hands as she does. Joker blinks,
before hurriedly scooping Akechi against his side, taking off his own blazer to pull it over
Akechi’s shoulders.
“I think,” Sae decides, preparing herself for the discomforting atmosphere of the Metaverse
once more, “That I’ll be taking the long way back.”

Chapter End Notes

hey :D
so i'm out of jokes again i'm afraid. i can't even rely on whiplash for comedy this time.
damn.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! what's that? moon rank 9? i never thought i'd see the day! the other celestial
bodies (cough cough the star) are languishing a bit though
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 9
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 8
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 7
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Death comes for all of us. I'm hardly surprised, really. This was always going to
happen one way or anotherSae: My sister is bullying me into saving your life.
Akechi: oh
Akechi: I mean, you don't have to

Chapter 78
Chapter Summary

sweeping the mess.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The drive to Leblanc is tense.
Six people must spread out across five seats, for one. Ren decides to focus on the discomfort
for lack of space rather than the unconscious boy laid out delicately over the three in the back
seats, rather than the sharp eye that glances at them through the rearview mirror, rather than
the dial tone as Ann finally decides that the rest of the Phantom Thieves are no longer in need
of live updates.
Takemi is not happy to see them. Ren supposes it’s for the best that she’s already clued into
all their thieving exploits by now, or the need for explanations would have taken longer than
he could stand.
“Isn’t he supposed to be dead?” Is her snappish commentary, even as she rushes to check
Goro’s breathing, deliberating as to whether a blood test is worth it.
Ren can’t remember if Takemi gave him a blood test, when Sae had dragged him to the
clinic’s door. He chooses to not give any advice. He doubts it would have been seriously
considered in the first place.
“He was able to remain conscious for nearly three hours after he was drugged.” Sae informs
Takemi, as Ren and the other thieves hover uncomfortably in the corner of the exam room.
Ren also can’t remember how long he was able to stay conscious after he was drugged. He
thinks it was longer than three hours. Though, he also thinks he may have passed out a few
times intermittently, so maybe it doesn’t count.
He tries to muster some dull satisfaction at the thought he may have managed to beat Goro
out on this fact. He doesn’t succeed.
“I’m guessing it’s wishful thinking to hope that you know exactly what they gave him?”
Takemi turns her head towards Sae slightly.
“I haven’t the foggiest.” Is the grim reply.
Takemi clicks her tongue, and gets back to work.

“…They would have called it ‘Truth Serum’.” Ren speaks up.
“I hate to break it to you, Amamiya, but that’s pretty much meaningless.” Takemi tells him
without turning around, “You can call anything truth serum if it makes the recipient barely
lucid enough to remember to hold their tongue.”
“Akechi kept a pretty good grip on his.” Sae offers.
Takemi shrugs, “Maybe he’s got a high tolerance.” She scribbles something down, “Maybe
their drug is shit. Maybe he’s just got an especially good hold on what he wants to say, even
when he’s barely conscious. Who knows?”
Not Ren, certainly.
“…Is he going to be okay?” Sumire asks quietly.
Takemi’s frustration softens slightly, “Good news and bad news. Good, is that I think I can
pretty safely say he’ll be fine. His breathing and heart-rate are normal, and his
unconsciousness seems to be caused by exhaustion more than anything else, since he can still
be roused and reacts to external stimuli. He doesn’t have any broken bones, either.”
Ren feels something in his chest unclench. Of course Goro will be fine. Ren was.
“Bad news,” Takemi continues, “Is that this is going to have to resolve on its own. Nothing’s
broken, but a hell of a lot is still cracked and bruised. I can’t counter the drug, since I don’t
know what it is, and I can’t prescribe him painkillers for the time being since I’d rather not
make a cocktail of his bloodstream.”
“Oh.” Ann is the only one to respond.
Makoto eventually takes a breath, “Can he be relocated?”
“Is it also wishful thinking to suggest a hospital? ” Takemi mutters.
“A hospital is out of the question.” Sae says sharply, “And I hope we’ve made it clear that
this encounter is to stay strictly between us. I’ll pay you, if need be.”
Takemi throws up her hands, “I don’t need to be bribed. Forget about payment. Consider it as
my continued return favour for the guinea pig over there.” She nods towards Ren, and levels
with a glare that clearly expresses don’t make this a habit.
I wouldn’t dream of it. Ren attempts to inject into his raised eyebrows.
“Where should we take him?” Sumire asks.
“He can stay in the clinic overnight, if you need.” Takemi offers, before glancing at the clock
on the wall, “Or the morning, rather. If you do move him, I’d suggest somewhere close by,
just in case something goes south and I have to be there quickly.”
“Is Leblanc compromised?” Ren turns to Sae.

Sae shakes her head, “Not… immediately. I had it and the Sakura residence on my list of
places to raid, but only because I was searching for any remnants of Wakaba Isshiki’s
research that I suspected Sakura-san might be hiding.”
“He isn’t.” Sumire says.
Sae gives her an odd look, and Sumire shrinks back, “…I was beginning to suspect as much,
but I was desperate.”
Ren doesn’t think this is a conversation for a crowded clinic.
“Let’s go to Leblanc.” He says, and no one protests.
***
Leblanc is worse, Ren decides.
He didn’t expect Sojiro to still be here in the early hours of the morning.
“Where the hell have you been-” Sojiro starts, halfway to livid before he spots the entourage
trailing behind Ren.
“Sorry, boss.” Takemi shoves her way to the front of the crowd, Sae closing the door behind
her with Goro’s arm slung over her shoulder. “Do you have anywhere I can lie this kid
down?”
“The attic.” Ren says immediately, and Takemi nods, gesturing for Sae to follow her.
“Wh- hey! ” Sojiro protests, eyes snapping into a glare as he sees Sae.
“Apologies for the intrusion.” Sae says briskly, striding towards the stairs, Goro in tow, “But
this is urgent.”
Sojiro finally seems to register the unconscious teenager in their midst, and splutters, turning
to Ren and the other thieves present for an explanation.
“I’m here!” Leblanc’s door bursts open with a flash of orange, as Futaba gasps for air,
Morgana securely in her arms, “M’ here- what’s happening? Is everything fine?”
“Is Akechi okay?” Morgana asks, hopping to the floor.
“He’s fine.” Makoto says. “As fine as he can be, at least.”
“What the hell happened? ” Sojiro demands. “Why is that prosecutor here?”
“She’s helping.” Ren quickly says.
“Someone’s going to have to keep an eye on Mr Detective.” Takemi announces, coming back
down the stairs. “Treat it like you’re taking care of someone who’s drunk to the point of

unconsciousness. No painkillers, plenty of water once he’s awake, I wouldn’t risk solids,
make sure he doesn’t choke on his own vomit.” She gives Sojiro a stern look, “Got all that?”
“I-” He stammers, “ Yes, but, god, is anyone going to tell me what’s going on?”
“The police have unsavoury interrogation practices.” Sae explains as she also returns from
the attic. Ren snorts.
Sojiro glares at her, “That something you did?”
“I wasn’t the one who left him like that if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Sojiro!” Futaba quickly interjects, “It’s fine! She’s on our side!”
Sae blinks, taken aback by the sudden vote of confidence. “…And you’re…?”
“Uh.” Futaba wilts slightly, “Oracle.”
“I figured.” Sae nods. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like an explanation as well. A full one,
that is. Akechi has a habit of painting a very... specific picture.”
Ren glances at the other thieves, “…Should we call everyone else?”
Morgana’s tail lashes with agitation. “Should so many people be coming here at once?”
“Do they even know Akechi’s missing yet?” Makoto points out, “But, using public transport
at this time of the morning might be suspicious…”
“Noir.” Ren says immediately, “She can probably drive everyone.”
“I’ll call her.” Ann says, taking her phone out of her pocket.
“You do that.” Takemi says dispassionately, “I don’t want any part in this. Call me if you
need me. I’ll be awake.”
She wastes no time pushing past the blockade at the door, the bell tinkling with her exit.
Sojiro sighs, weary, pushing up his glasses to rub at the bridge of his nose, “…Someone
should head upstairs.”
“…I will, if it’s going to be some time before the rest of your… friends show up.” Sae offers,
giving a short bow before she turns on her heel.
Ren nods, and swallows, throat dry.
“Won’t be long!” Ann announces.
Any time at all is far too long.
***

It is in stiff silence that the current occupants of Leblanc wait.
Sumire has taken to quietly swinging her legs back and forth on what she remembers is
Goro’s preferred chair at the bar. The others are each scattered between the ground floor and
the attic, wandering aimlessly and shuffling about as the clock ticks on.
The gaze of the Sayuri on the wall seems especially piercing today, Sumire thinks. She looks
away.
She startles, as Ren marches down the attic stairs.
“I’m going for a walk.” He announces, in the midst of pulling a jacket over his shoulders.
Sojiro looks up from where he’d been wiping down the counter for the fifth time this hour,
“…That’s dangerous.”
“Not far.” Ren says, not particularly reassuring, “Bye.”
The bell is jostled violently as he slams the door shut.
Ann, nestled into one of the booths with Morgana, frowns, “Everyone should be here soon.”
“I don’t think he should be walking around right now.” Sojiro mutters, belated in his protests.
Sumire stands abruptly, surprising herself, “I’ll go after him.” She says. I need to go for a
walk too, she doesn’t say.
Sojiro sighs, not bothering to tell her off as she leaves.
Sumire almost starts on a walk around the block as she gently closes the door behind her,
before a shadow in the laundromat catches her eye.
She carefully knocks on the door frame as she approaches, and yet Ren still jumps a metre
high, curled into the corner, backed against the dryers.
“Hello.” Sumire says, awkward as she’s ever been.
Ren breathes out slowly, “Hey.”
He doesn’t say anything more. Sumire shuffles over to the washing machines, and pulls
herself up to sit on top of one. She hesitates, before pulling her feet up to sit cross-legged.
“How are you feeling?” She asks, feeling that speaking any louder than a whisper will be far
too loud in the quiet of the early morning.
“How do you think?” Ren snaps.
Today, or yesterday, Sumire thinks, is entirely beyond the realm of what she cares to handle.
She didn’t enjoy sitting through a forced and overly charged conversation with Doctor
Maruki. She didn’t enjoy hearing that Goro was in mortal danger and there was nothing she

could do. She, at present, doesn’t enjoy having to face the brunt of Ren’s ire, wherever it is
being directed.
“Bad.” Is the only answer Sumire can offer. She’s feeling it quite potently, herself.
Ren doesn’t respond, beyond a derisive snort. Sumire presses her lips together.
She flinches when Ren slams his fist against the dryers with enough force to rattle the whole
wall.
“ God. ” He hisses, “Just, fuck. ”
Sumire makes an effort to stop gripping the edge of the washing machines so tightly.
Ren sniffs, furiously wiping at his eyes, “Why the fuck did you go to Maruki’s palace?”
“Futaba asked.” Sumire says simply, “And I wanted to.”
“Why didn’t you tell anyone. ”
Why indeed? “I think Futaba wanted to be discreet.” Sumire explains slowly, “And I didn’t
want to bother anyone.”
And, she also wanted to be discreet.
Ren glares at the floor, lips pressed in a sneer. Sumire can only be grateful it isn’t directed at
her. “What happened in there?”
“Nothing interesting.” Sumire lies, “I ran into Doctor Maruki’s shadow, but he was just-”
Hm. “-Normal.”
Ren stares at her flatly. Sumire refuses to crack.
“…Are you going to come back inside?” Sumire hazards.
“No.” Ren snips.
Alright.
Sumire can wait.
She sees Ren open his mouth, before grinding his teeth together. She waits a little more.
“Do you think we can do anything?” He asks, voice small.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean this. ” Ren hisses, “It’s all happening the same. Okumura isn’t dead, but he might as
well be. We have to play by Shido and Yaldabaoth’s rules. This bullshit still happened, but it
was Goro instead of me.”

Oh.
Sumire had tried to stop thinking about this very thing shortly after she realised that
Mementos was set along rails in more ways than one.
Her hands tighten on the edge of the washing machines again.
“And it’s smaller stuff too.” Ren continues, words spilling in a wave, “Mona still ran off.
Some of us still ran around in Niijima’s palace without changing her heart. And didn’t
everything go to hell on the same day you awakened your persona last time?”
It did.
“Haru-senpai awakened her persona earlier, didn’t she?” Sumire says.
“And what good did that do?” Ren snarls, pushing off the dryers, “Is that all this shit is?
Moving grains of sand from a pile and calling it a change?”
“If you move enough…” Sumire trails off.
“Yaldabaoth won’t let us! ” Ren shouts, “ He’s the one who cut off our access to the
Metaverse, even if he can’t do it right. What, are people going to be diving around corners to
take a shot if Goro manages to live past December? What if has to be an equivalent exchange
to get what we want? What if someone else-”
He cuts himself off, and takes a shuddering breath.
(Something in Sumire recognises this conversation as very dangerous.
This, she thinks, is the kind of thinking, the kind of despair, that led Ren to considering
Maruki’s reality a worthy trade to get what he wants. To disregard everything else that
matters.
Tunnel vision, she muses with a dull sense of fear, will get them all killed.
Sumire believes she harboured a fundamental misunderstanding of Ren, in their initial
friendship. Maybe she only saw what she wanted to see. Maybe she only say what Ren
wanted her to see.
She is quite sick of falling for masks. Of not being trusted with what lies beneath. Kasumi,
Doctor Maruki, Ren, hell, even Goro, she never gets it until it’s too late. A second chance
means nothing when half her problems are already too far gone.
How dare he, Sumire seethes, he has a second chance too, and it’s like he’s not even trying.
Why does everyone keep giving up before the finish?)
“That’s bullshit.” Sumire blurts.
Ren is appropriately startled.

Sumire jumps off her perch. “What if you’re right?” She demands.
Ren blinks, “Huh?”
“ What if you’re right? ” She pushes, “What if we can’t change anything? What are you
going to do about it?”
Ren stares.
“Take Maruki’s deal again?” She accuses, distantly surprised at the words tumbling from her
mouth.
Ren gapes at her, swallows, “No.”
“Then what are you saying? ” She begs.
Ren clicks his jaw together, and has no answer.
“…You’re right.” He finally says, very quietly.
About what? Sumire wants to ask, but she has the sense that Ren isn’t quite sure either.
“I just needed to get out.” He adds, “…I used to like it, when I could get him to crack. To
show me something he didn’t mean to.”
Sumire can hazard a fair guess for who ‘he’ is.
“I still like it.” Ren admits, “But it usually only happens now when he’s upset with me.”
“…Is that different from before?” Sumire asks, without the usual humour she would be able
to muster.
Ren snorts anyway. “Sometimes. I like getting a rise out of him. When it’s intentional. I like
it when he trusts me, too.”
He trails off, looking somewhere into the middle distance.
“I hate seeing him like this.” He murmurs, “I hate that someone else did it.”
You wanted to be trusted with this. Sumire reminds herself.
She gathers the fragments that Ren has gifted her into her heart, and vows to guard them
closely.
She smiles, and says: “Let’s go back inside.”
Ren nods dully, and quietly trails behind her.
***

Sae nearly jumps out of her skin when she’s met with rusty eyes, bleary and glazed but
decidedly open.
“You’re awake.” She comments, brisk.
“G’morning to you to.” Akechi mutters.
“You’re technically correct.” Sae tells him, “It’s three in the morning.”
Akechi looks like he has half a mind to go right back to sleep.
“How are you feeling?” Sae ventures, and adds, tentatively, “…Do you need more rest?”
“I feel,” Akechi pauses to swallow, “Like shit. I don’t suppose you know where we are?”
Sae is surprised he doesn’t recognise the place. A bit concerning, but it is quite dark, she
supposes. “Leblanc. The attic.”
Akechi scowls viciously.
“Where’s…” He frowns, like he can’t decide where he’s going, “People.” He eventually
settles on.
“Downstairs.” Makoto had been up here, earlier, but she skittered off to discuss something
with her friends. Sae finds she prefers the solitude (unconscious teenager notwithstanding)
over Sakura’s cold glares, or an uncomfortable staring contest with a cat she has been
informed is entirely sapient.
“Why Leblanc?” Akechi pushes, cutting so bluntly to the core of the problem in a way that
Sae doesn’t recall him ever doing. The riddles and smoke and mirrors were part and parcel
with the act, she gathers.
“It was closest to Joker’s…” Sae concedes that the clinic looked official enough, but the
practitioner herself would not be out of place in a line of doctors she’s questioned about their
dealings in organised crime, “Medical professional.”
Akechi stares flatly. “It’s annoying he gets a back-alley doctor.”
Sae raises an eyebrow at the show of petulance. He usually only whips that out when he’s
demanding free dinner. “As opposed to?”
“Sewing myself up.” Akechi grumbles, and Sae very suddenly wishes she hadn’t asked.
She coughs, “…The rest of the Phantom Thieves will be arriving soon, I hear.”
“Joy.” Akechi bites out, sounding like he’s feeling anything but.
“It would be good if you could stay awake, while they explain everything.” Sae ignores him,
“I assume you’ll want to interject.”

She takes Akechi’s glare to mean she’s correct.
Neither of them have anything more to say. Sae recognises with grim inevitability that this
will likely change very quickly once she is granted the full story.
She can’t deny she’s curious for the identities of the Phantom Thieves that have eluded her
for months, that are painfully obvious as Akechi put it.
She supposes she will find out very quickly, she thinks, as the bell to Leblanc chimes loudly
as the door swings open, demanding voices wafting up the stairs.
***
They discuss everything in the attic, given that Akechi is hardly in any state to tolerate being
sat at a booth for any extended period of time.
Sae is surprised at some of the remaining thieves’ identities. Some, less so. Ryuji Sakamoto,
whom she recognises as a person of interest from her investigation into Shujin, and Yusuke
Kitagawa are hardly shocking. Haru Okumura throws her for more of a loop.
The others introduce themselves by name, though Sae had managed to place most of them
already.
And, so, with everyone present, they explain.
***
Apparently, time travel is something that exists.
It’s hardly consolation that Sakura isn’t taking the news any better.
Sae had already suspended her disbelief enough to accept that the Metaverse exists. She had
already been halfway to doing so months ago, when she went prying for Isshiki’s research,
but empirical evidence tipped the scale the rest of the way.
She sits through long-winded explanations of other worlds, of assassinations, of tyrannical
politicians, of thieves, of a god,
She really isn’t quite sure why she feels the need to draw the line at time travel, but a line
does need to be drawn somewhere. Maybe the second god should have been the line. Sakura
looks like he wanted to draw the line back at the assassinations.
Understandable, given the uncomfortable revelation of Wakaba Isshiki’s fate.
Akechi regards the conversation coolly, seeming almost bored. Sae almost manages to feel
impressed at how detached he’s being.
She wonders how either of the Sakuras can stand to have him under their roof, at present. She
wonders how Amamiya and Okumura can stand to seem so close to him. Not to mention the
others, who should surely have their own grievances by proxy.

Sae isn’t quite sure where she stands.
“When I asked for a better explanation,” Sakura mutters, “I hadn’t been looking for… that. ”
“Tough.” Amamiya fires back, having grown increasingly more clipped as the conversation
had continued.
The cat meows, and the younger Sakura mumbles something in return.
“Mona-chan is right.” Okumura says thinly, “We ought to discuss where to go from here.”
“Has the plan really changed?” Akechi speaks up for the first time in a while.
Ah, their plan.
Sae can’t say she approves. Of anything, really, but what can she do?
“…Let’s figure that out, shall we?” Makoto says primly, and Sae readies herself for another
conversation she can barely follow.
***
Haru isn’t entirely sure where she stands.
With most revelatory events in her life, she has been granted the grace of at least a few hours
to decompress, to process. No such luck, this time.
She hasn’t bothered making heads or tails of how she feels. Ann’s timely request to organise
a way for the scattered thieves to converge at Leblanc without wandering the streets in the
early hours of the morning was a welcome one, if only to give her something to do.
And now, she’s surrounded by a smattering of people who got hurt while going behind her
back.
Maybe she’ll settle on irritated, now that she’s measured it out in her head.
“I don’t see what has to change.” Goro says, half propped up on Ren’s frankly terrible
bedding, “The situation is hardly any different.”
“Won’t Shido be looking for you?” Yusuke asks with a frown.
“He was doing that already.” Goro points out, “And given that I sincerely doubt they’re going
to broadcast my involvement with this little jailbreak, my position with the general public
remains much the same, as well.”
“Infamy wise, we’re about to make some waves.” Ren mutters, “So everything is still on
track with Mementos.”
“Will they even broadcast this, though?” Haru asks, “Surely Shido and the police won’t want
to inform the public of their failure.”

“Couldn’t they just, I dunno, say they won?” Ryuji leans back in his chair.
“Can they even do that? Without proof?” Ann asks, twisting her hair around a finger.
“Shido could.” Sakura speaks up, “If that little plan of yours worked last time, it’s not like
they’ll need to present the media with a corpse. And it’s definitely something he’d do.”
“But that seems like a recipe for trouble.” Niijima interjects, “ He knows you all haven’t been
defeated, so claiming a premature victory is practically asking for you to undermine him.”
“But what else can he do?” Makoto furrows her brow, “The public is already riled up that we
haven’t been caught, and Shido’s rise to becoming prime minister relies on his popularity.
Saying that he’s responsible for our leader’s capture is a sure-fire way to achieve that.”
“Is he just going to try and hunt us down extra hard?” Futaba frowns, “I mean, he managed to
track you three down while you were in a palace, somehow.”
“How did he do that, by the way?” Morgana jumps out of Futaba’s lap to narrow his eyes
suspiciously in Goro’s direction.
“Not a clue.” Goro deadpans in response, “Luck, perhaps? But we shouldn’t talk in circles as
to something we can’t begin to guess. Shido will do something in response, clearly, but what
are we going to do?”
“We can still do our plan with Shido’s inner circle, right?” Sumire wrings her hands together.
“ We can still do that plan.” Ren says pointedly, and turns to Goro, “You’re sitting out.”
“Excuse me?” Goro says, very calmly.
“You’re injured.”
“I’ll heal.”
Ren rolls his eyes, “In a few weeks, maybe. But we need to get started now.”
“Injuries are less debilitating in the Metaverse.” Goro snaps with a scowl.
Niijima frowns, “Didn’t you say that real world injuries can’t be healed there, either?”
“They can’t.” Ren confirms.
“I am not sitting out for Shido’s palace.” Goro snarls.
“You don’t have to.” Haru speaks up abruptly, not caring to see this argument continue, “We
have a month and a half, yes? …Even if that isn’t enough time for you to recover entirely, it’s
enough for you to settle.”
“Are you saying we should waste that much time?” Makoto says, half-accusatory.

Haru quickly shakes her head, “Of course not. But, we could begin working on the less…
emotionally charged palaces while Goro-kun is out of commission, and leave Shido’s palace
for later. It was already implied that were doing so initially, wasn’t it?”
“I… suppose.” Makoto concedes.
“’Kechi’s one of our heavy hitters, though.” Futaba frowns, tucking her knees to her chest,
“Do we really want to risk running into unknown palaces one man down?”
“I’ve been to one of them before.” Goro interrupts, still looking indignant, “You’d have a far
easier time with my help.”
“Sure.” Ren says dismissively, “But we can also just scout the palaces like we always do.
We’ve still got two navigators in the game.”
“That aside,” Yusuke tilts his head, “Might I remind everyone that we only have a month and
a half to complete three -potentially four, depending on our developments with the Cleanerpalaces? Even if all of us were in fighting shape, do we think this is enough?”
Sumire bites at her lip, “We said we’d try…”
Yusuke waves a hand, “I’m not saying we shouldn’t. But I think we should think of potential
ways to… cut corners.” He turns to Goro, “Operating even with one member down is a part
of that.”
Goro looks like he has half a mind to pick a fight, so Haru quickly cuts in, “What if we take
that further?”
Ann’s brow furrows, “Work with… even less people?”
Haru huffs a laugh, “In a sense. I mean: split the load. If we conduct multiple palace
explorations at once, we might shave off some time.”
There’s a round of contemplative looks.
“…That sounds unnecessarily dangerous.” Sakura comments gruffly.
“Oh, not really!” Sumire waves her hands placatingly, “Haru-senpai, Goro, and I completed a
full palace, and defeated its ruler, all on our own.”
Niijima blinks, alarmed, “Who?”
“My fiancé.” Haru tells her, stiff, “Ex-fiancé. The calling card we sent him wasn’t addressed
from the Phantom Thieves, and his family likely stopped him from rushing to the media, so
his change of heart wasn’t publicised as such.”
“…It is a bit dangerous.” Ren corrects after a pause.
“Maybe so.” Haru admits, “But our main struggles in palaces have nearly always been thanks
to our encounters with the ruler shadows, once they’re responding to the threat of their

treasure being taken. I’m certainly not suggesting we take on those fights while divided.”
“We were going to do those after we dealt with Shido anyway, yeah?” Ryuji points out,
“Sounds like a pretty good plan to me.”
“Didn’t half of us just get yelled at for running off in palaces on our own?” Futaba mutters to
her knees.
“You did what?” Sakura glares.
“Nothing!” Futaba lies blatantly, “It was fine!”
“…It was a bit stupid.” Sumire admits quietly. Makoto, and Ann pointedly say nothing.
Goro’s brow furrows with some blend of annoyance and confusion. Haru supposes no one
filled him in on Sumire and Futaba’s exploits.
“It was stupid, ” Ren bites out, “Because you didn’t tell anyone. Among other reasons. But
this…” He trails off, rolling his lips together in thought.
“I think it’s a good plan!” Ann declares.
“Me too!” Morgana quickly adds his own agreement, “If we have three palaces we know
about, and we’ve agreed that we’re doing Shido’s all together, then we have two navigators
still in commission to split the team in half.”
“We could, what was it you said Renren?” Ryuji pokes Ren’s arm, “Scout ‘em both, then
figure out who’s good for which palace?”
“I guess…” Ren mumbles, still looking a bit hesitant.
“I really think it’s our best option.” Haru insists, “Yusuke-kun is right that we don’t have
much time. If either team runs into any troubles, they can retreat immediately and request the
other team lend their aid.”
Ren nods slowly, “…That does sound good.” He casts a sharp eye around the room, “If either
of the palaces are too dangerous, then I won’t split the team.”
“We have split the party before.” Futaba reminds them, “So we know we can function
without either of our resident wildcards.”
“…In Mementos.” Makoto adds, “And remember how that turned out.”
“We lived, didn’t we?” Haru says primly.
Makoto sighs, “I suppose. …I also think it’s our best shot.”
Haru nods, appreciative, “Good, then.” She laces her hands together, “Aside from that, what
else needs doing?”
“We still need the Cleaner’s name.” Morgana says, and turns to Ren, “Any progress?”

“I’ve got Ohya and Iwai on it.” Ren responds.
“Oh, sick.” Ryuji drawls out, “They got it handled?”
“I doubt it.” Goro scoffs, “If I don’t know this man’s name, then I sincerely doubt sending off
a reporter and, what was it? An ex-yakuza, to attempt to get the job done will reap any
results.”
“You’re looking for a name?” Sakura cuts in.
Ren looks up, “Yeah.”
“Can you help out?” Futaba asks eagerly.
Sakura waves her off, “ Maybe, kid. Just, you said this is one of Shido’s guys? He used to benot my boss, but…”
“Close enough.” Goro finishes.
“Oooh, we getting the Chief in on this too?” Morgana’s chops pull back in a grin.
“I have no idea what you’re saying.” Sakura mutters as he gives Mona a little pat, despite the
indignant yowls.
Haru very suddenly comes to the realisation that two among their number haven’t been privy
to the full conversation. She has to stifle a small laugh at the thought.
“Why don’t we fix that?” She offers around her smile.
Sakura furrows his brow, “Fix…?
“Oh, right!” Ann claps her hands together, “If you hear Morgana in the Metaverse, you can
hear him in the real world, too.”
“Is the Metaverse working at the moment, though?” Sumire pipes up.
There’s a round of frowns.
“…That’s something else we should consider.” Ren says, looking a tad grim.
“It should be fixed by now?” Sumire says, not sounding particularly confident, “José said it
would only take a few hours or so…”
“Only one way to find out?” Ryuji suggests with an awkward grin, very slowly reaching for
his own phone.
Goro shakes his head, “That’s not quite what we need to discuss, I’m afraid. Have you
managed to discern the cause?”
“Yaldabaoth.” Ren says simply.

“That…” Niijima grimaces, “God, that you mentioned.”
“Yeah.” Ren scowls, “I gather he isn’t happy with us.”
“I expect that having your two major players suddenly working on the same side isn’t exactly
a conducive environment for a game.” Goro says drily.
“So he could do it again?” Yusuke asks with concern.
Ren shrugs, expression tight, “Probably. He can’t do it well, since reality fixes itself pretty
quickly afterwards.”
“But just because it fixes itself doesn’t mean it can’t be extremely detrimental to us.” Haru
says, casting a pointed look in Goro’s direction.
“Can we even do anything ‘bout that, though?” Ryuji asks, still reaching towards his phone,
frozen in the action, “Like, if it happens it happens, but…”
“It’s not exactly something we can prepare for.” Futaba concludes.
“Unless we find a way around it.” Sumire posits tentatively, “Like our fix with Niijima-san.”
Niijima straightens up at being addressed, “Right. I’ll admit I didn’t quite understand the
theory, but it did work.”
“Those were highly specific circumstances.” Goro counters, dismissive, “And I imagine that
the next time, if ever, this occurs, it will involve another set of highly specific circumstances
that we can’t hope to counter.”
“So, you’re saying we shouldn’t bother.” Morgana concludes flatly.
Ren sighs, “Maybe. But we should test it now, anyway.”
“What, right now?” Sakura asks, alarmed.
“Come on! You want to hear Mona-Mona speak, dont’cha?” Futaba jumps up with a grin,
scooping Morgana up in her arms, “Skull! Take it away!”
“You got it!” Ryuji cheers, finally finishing reaching for his phone, “Uhh, Mementos!”
Beginning Navigation. The Nav dutifully responds.
The shift is…
A step to the left of what Haru is so familiar with, by now. She’s knocked off balance, the
whole earth a rug that’s pulled from beneath her feet; a trip down a blocked funnel, squeezing
through nonetheless.
And she reaches the other side.
Everyone bar Ren and Goro sit in the stained-red version of the attic.

“Oh!” Morgana exclaims, very suddenly a bobble-headed mascot, “It worked!” Haru sees
Niijima startle very violently.
“Only for all of us, though.” Yusuke frowns, “Ren and Akechi-kun do not appear to have
been as lucky.”
“For now.” Futaba corrects, “And we know they can make it in, so long as someone drags
them in.”
“Cool.” Ryuji says, still grinning indulgently, “Then we can go back, yeah?”
“Please.” Sakura says, half-begging.
The shift back is equally unpleasant.
“Have any adventures?” Is Ren’s response to their return.
“Hey!” Morgana shouts, ignoring him, “Hey, can you hear me? Chief? Niijima?”
Niijima’s eyes are wide as she stares at the cat, “I… can.”
“Good grief.” Sakura mutters.
Futaba snickers, “Did you not believe us?”
“Seeing and believing are two very different things.” Niijima says snappily, which Haru
supposes is fair.
“This is great!” Morgana cheers, “Finally, I don’t have to use Joker as an interpreter.”
“I’m so accurate, though.” Ren smirks.
“You are not! ”
Makoto’s lips twitch up, “Well, that’s all settled then.”
Haru smiles as Ren and Morgana continue their one-sided bickering, and leans back in her
chair to think.
What, truly, are the consequences for this endeavour?
They don’t know how Shido will retaliate, this is true, but he almost certainly will retaliate.
Waiting for the axe to fall is only so good a strategy when they have the means to dodge the
axe.
So who is in the most danger?
Weigh the situation, Astarte advises in her mind, And assess.
Goro, obviously; though that’s always been the case.

Niijima, and Makoto by extension, may be showing up on Shido’s radar as well, Haru thinks.
Even if Niijima were to be an exceptional actor, the circumstantial evidence of Goro
disappearing from the interrogation room so shortly after she questioned him will not be
overlooked. It’s unclear how long they have until someone confronts her about it.
And, the Sakuras, Haru decides. Ren included. Even if the police haven’t discovered the
leader of the Phantom Thieves, it is by Niijima’s own admission that anyone related to
Wakaba Isshiki, even tangentially, may be a target for investigation.
Perhaps.
“Niijima-san?” Haru speaks up, and interrupts the discussion she had zoned out of, “Do you
know if I was ever under any suspicion with regard to my father?”
Niijima narrows her eyes at the question, “…I certainly didn’t suspect you of any relation to
the Phantom Thieves, when I spoke with you. Though I can’t say the same of my colleagues.
I’m not sure.”
“I see…” Haru tucks her hair behind her ear, “Beyond that, do you know how long the police
planned on investigating my home?”
Niijima’s gaze sharpens further, “Do you have anything to implicate you on the property?”
Haru quickly shakes her head, “Not at all. It’s just, I believe my home would be the most
comfortable, for those who need to go into hiding in the near future.”
Sumire’s face falls, “Right… do we all…?”
Goro shakes his head, “No. They wouldn’t have been so tenacious in trying to get names out
of me if they knew who all of you are.”
“I believe Goro-kun, the Niijimas, and the Sakuras -including you, Ren-kun- are the most at
risk.” Haru recites.
Niijima folds her arms, “That checks out. I agree, but I’m not so confident that your home
would be safe, Haru-san. The police may spring surprise investigations as they become more
desperate for leads.”
“Not a great place to hide, then.” Sakura finishes.
“Do we have to hide?” Futaba asks, curling her knees back up to her chest.
Ren presses his lips together, “Leblanc was mostly safe before.”
Goro rolls his eyes, “They also thought you were dead. But…” He tilts his head, “Rushing off
to go into hiding might draw more attention.”
“Can you say the same about me, though?” Niijima questions.
“I think you’ve already drawn a fair amount of attention to yourself.” Makoto grimaces.

“Uh,” Ann pipes up, “Well, what we were doing before was working, right?”
“Goro-kun hiding at your place, you mean?” Haru asks.
Ann nods, “Yeah! I’m not that suspicious, right?” Goro coughs loudly, “ And, it’s way better
than, like, hiding in Mementos or something, especially now that Yalda-what’s-his-face can
maybe just kick us out, now.”
“What about us, then?” Makoto pushes.
“I’ve got room!” Ann says eagerly, “And my parents are still overseas, and I don’t think
they’re coming back anytime soon.”
Niijima’s eyebrows raise, “Really? …That would certainly be convenient. And appreciated.”
Ann’s grin brightens.
(Akechi internally grimaces at the thought. But, despite that, the Judgement still grows to its
ninth rank.)
***
They decide to wait until November tenth to make a move.
Niijima needs to analyse her standing at work, she explains. There’s no reason to disappear
off the face of the earth if no one is truly suspicious of her. Sakura, similarly, has no intention
of packing up and moving necessarily.
Haru isn’t a fan of the excess waiting, but she certainly agrees with the principle presented.
Avoiding suspicion is paramount, and it is blatantly clear that everyone needs a moment to
decompress.
A moment being two days, of course. She isn’t so optimistic to believe that Goro’s injuries
will trivialise so quickly, but she thinks that perhaps he’ll stop moping so much if it becomes
clear he isn’t fit for combat after such a grace period.
Haru agrees to call another round of personal -and, most importantly, discrete- drivers to
ferry off the necessary thieves back to their various lodgings. Sumire’s face twists in an
obvious grimace upon the mention of going back home. Haru assumes her parents were not
informed of her late-night stroll ahead of time.
As they wait, Sakura sighs, tossing on his apron, and offers everyone a round of coffee or
curry. Haru gratefully accepts a serving of both, though she isn’t entirely sure if the coffee
will be any help for her frayed nerves.
“Here.” Sakura grunts, sliding a plate of curry over to Haru as everyone else mills about
between the lower floor and the attic, breaking off in clumps for hushed conversations.
Haru has sequestered her own booth. She doesn’t think she would be particularly pleasant
company now that the veneer of business as faded.

“Thank you.” She says, taking the plate with an awkward smile that doesn’t quite sit on her
face.
Sakura hums, eyeing the rest of the room. He must find the state of it satisfactory, as he
lowers himself into the seat across from Haru, mouth drawn tight.
So much for solitude. “I apologise if this has all been a bit much, Sakura-san.” Haru offers
politely.
Sakura snorts. “You can say that again.” He waves a hand, “And none of that Sakura-san
crap. Just call me Boss.”
“Boss.” Haru echoes, “Of course.”
Sakura hums, “Yeah.” He crosses his arms, “Working as a messenger with Wakaba and her
lab of weirdos probably should have prepared me for this.”
Haru manages a laugh, “It’s all a bit hard to wrap your head around without firsthand
experience. I got something of a… practical demonstration, as my introduction.”
Sakura snorts again. Haru wonders if it’s something of a reflexive response.
Haru is granted a minute or so of quietly shovelling curry into her mouth before Sakura clears
his throat again.
“Hey…” He starts, uncharacteristically tentative. “I wanted to talk to you about something.”
Haru blinks, “Me?”
“Yeah.” Sakura taps his fingers against the table, “No offence to all the other kids, but you
just seem like you’ve got a good head on your shoulders.”
Haru isn’t entirely sure how to respond to that, but she does find the thought of Makoto’s
quickly smothered scowl and Sumire’s poorly hidden pout at not having a good head on their
shoulders by proxy to be amusing.
“I don’t consider myself to be irresponsible.” Haru hums in affirmation, which might be a lie.
“Good.” Sakura huffs, “Just- a lot of that stuff went right over my head. How safe are you
kids in that other world, really?”
A dangerous line of questioning, Haru thinks.
She smiles, and says: “As dangerous as we make it.”
Sakura rolls his eyes, “Right. And juggling chainsaws is exactly as dangerous as I make it,
too.”
Haru internally concedes the point.

“Look,” Sakura continues, “I ask, because that kid,” The way he says it, through clenched
teeth, can only refer to Goro, “Got dragged here in the middle of the night looking like death.
I know that all happened on this side of reality, but you’re all still throwing yourselves in the
firing line.”
“Are you trying to convince us to stop?” Haru asks lightly, after swallowing down another
mouthful of curry. It really is quite good.
Sakura sighs, “No. I already let Ren and Futaba convince me that leaving all this alone is
worse, back when I first found out about all this. And I still agree.”
“Then I’m not sure what else you want me to say.” Haru chews at the inside of her mouth,
poking the curry around on her plate.
Sakura pinches the bridge of his nose, flicking some sleep out of the corner of his eye, “…
Nothing. I’m just not a fan of thinking you’re all… I don’t know, going in guns blazing.”
The corners of Haru’s mouth twitch up as she thinks of Astarte’s heavy artillery. “If it makes
you feel any better, Futaba-chan isn’t a combatant on the front lines. Her persona allows her
to analyse the situation and grant us extra strength.”
Sakura nods, and seems slightly mollified. “What about Ren?”
Haru frowns, thinking about how to spin this. “…Ren-kun is always on the front lines. But,
he and Goro-kun are the strongest amongst us. And the rest of us are hardly weak. ”
“Right.” Sakura mutters. “…About that kid.”
Goro again, Haru presumes. “Yes?”
“You’re fine with him being around?”
Haru smiles, and thinks that she is entirely the wrong person to ask that question. “Of course
I am. Goro-kun and Sumi-chan are my best friends.”
“Are they, now.” Sakura says. “Even after…?”
“I think you’ll find our situations are quite different, Sakura-san.” Haru says, a bit sharper
than she intends, “Ask Futaba-chan directly how she feels if that’s what you’re looking for.”
Sakura huffs a laugh, “Well, whadd’ya know?” He clicks his tongue, and lowers his voice, “I
will. I just don’t want to rub salt in the wound.”
“From what I hear, they get along-” Haru’s brain stutters as she considers the most accurate
descriptor, “Well enough.”
“That’s good.” Sakura says unconvincingly.
“We’ll be fine, Sakura-san.” Haru says.

“It’s Boss.” He corrects, “And I hope you’re right.”

Chapter End Notes

why hello! merry christmas! your present is being free from November 7 hell. now it's
just the early hours of November 8!
there was an overwhelming assumption that Sae was immediately going to turn tail and
walk right in to say hello to her shadow. you all have such little faith in her. Now, of
course, do remember that Sae now has the foundational knowledge of a) how to access
the Metaverse, and b) that her palace is still standing, so maybe the Sae Makes A Bad
Descision arc is still in the runningSocials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! huzzah! another rank 9
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank 9
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 7
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sojiro: You're responsible, right?
Haru: [remembers the Sugimura arc. remembers the Okumura arc. remembers th-]
Haru: yes.

Chapter 79
Chapter Summary

Dragging things into place, and a lesson in patience

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Were Akechi in higher spirits, he might find the fact that the rest of the thieves (including,
tentatively, Makoto) have to head off to school in the morning to be a source of amusement.
Given that he is not, he barely manages to muster apathy to start.
The Niijimas along with, naturally, the Sakuras stayed in Leblanc even past when Haru called
drivers to ferry off the others. Being stuck in a building with a series of people who aren’t
directly expressing their grievances is unpleasant at the best of times, but at least they’re all
leaving him alone.
Including, surprisingly, Ren. If there was ever any hovering during the night, Akechi must
have missed it. The thing that might be disappointment doesn’t get the chance to spark before
it fizzles and dies.
He hears Ren and Makoto shuffle out of the cafe in a flurry, and resigns himself to counting
the scuffs on the rafters.
Sae crests the top of the stairs, “Are you awake?”
Akechi would prefer if he wasn’t. “Yes.” He says.
He can’t quite see Sae’s expression from here, but he thinks he sees it twist.
“I can get you some water.” She eventually says.
His throat is quite dry, now that she mentions it. “Please.”
It only takes a minute before Sae is carefully climbing the stairs with a glass in hand. She
places it on Ren’s shelves, avoiding knocking over the pile of trinkets cluttering the surface.
Akechi hauls himself up, suppressing a wince, to grab it.
“Thank you.” He says politely.
Sae narrows her eyes.
Akechi clicks his tongue, “What?”

“There he is.” She mutters.
“You’ve known him for all of twelve hours.” Akechi snaps.
Sae presses her lips together, and says nothing more.
Akechi rolls his eyes, taking another sip of water. It’s unpleasant going down. He should
probably count himself lucky that Sasaki or whoever didn’t decide to crush his windpipe at
some point, now that he thinks about it. He supposes that would be counterproductive. He
needs it to talk, after all.
Sae folds her arms, “I’m still processing, I think.”
Akechi didn’t ask. “Hm.”
“Maybe I would have taken this better if I was still a teenager.” Sae grouses, more to herself
than Akechi.
A fair assumption. Akechi had hardly batted an eye when he tripped into the cognitive world.
Of course, he had thought. This was the reward for years of suffering. A chance to win, all for
him and him alone.
Not quite so.
“Do you regret helping yet?” Akechi asks after another sip of water.
“The Phantom Thieves? No.” Is Sae’s surprisingly decisive response.
“Me, then?”
Akechi can hear Sae’s teeth grind.
He smiles to himself, “Is that a yes?”
“You test my patience.” Sae grits.
“I have that effect on people.” Akechi offers, bland.
Sae barks a laugh. “You certainly do.” She leans back against the shelf, “I’m not sure what to
do about you.”
“You could always haul me back to the police headquarters and let Sasaki finish the job.”
Akechi isn’t sure why he says that.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sae hisses. “I’m not going to jeopardise the mission like that. Shido
needs to be taken down. I don’t know what to do with you after. ”
Akechi stares at his water. “Are you going to drag me to the station yourself?”
They had brushed over the fact that they were gunning to take out Shido’s inner circle to
avoid exactly that while they were explaining everything to Sae and Sakura. Akechi thinks

the two of them would be more than happy to let him take the fall.
It’s too bad, then, that he doesn’t want to.
What could he have, if he were freed from the conspiracy? From the whims of gods? Could
he actually graduate high school? Go to university? Get a job that doesn’t involve being
paraded in front of cameras or putting bullets in people’s psyche?
It all seemed so out of reach. Something he could never have, doomed by the world and then
by himself.
Sumire and her hope is awfully tenacious, though.
So what, Akechi cuts Sae a sharp look, are you going to do?
“I don’t know.” Sae eventually says, neatly snipping off Akechi’s train of thought.
Akechi hums. He isn’t sure if being on the run for the rest of his life is much better than
prison. Though, maybe it could be fun.
Sae clicks her tongue, and continues, “What were you thinking?”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “With regard to…?”
“ Everything. ” She seethes, “Revenge? Really? I thought you were better than that.”
“Did you?” Akechi asks dully.
“Of course I did.” Sae throws up her hands, “Your whole shtick has always been some justice
prevails nonsense, and it turns out you’re running around murdering people. ”
“Sae-san.” Akechi says, very seriously, “Have you ever been introduced to the concept of a
lie?”
Sae looks like she wants to kill him.
“It might help your understanding.” He continues innocently.
“Stop it.” Sae snarls with finality.
Needling her has always been too fun. “My apologies.” Akechi says flatly. He tilts his head,
“I had already told you everything while you were dragging me out of the precinct. Did it
take this long for your crisis of conscience to catch up with you?”
“I’ve been having one this whole time.” Sae informs him, clipped, “And you weren’t telling
the whole truth, then.”
Akechi’s memory of the past twelve hours are, admittedly, quite hazy. He does, however,
distinctly remember letting all his crimes spill from his lips in an attempt toHe doesn’t really know.

“I was telling the truth.” He insists.
Sae rolls her eyes, “You were not. I still don’t know what you were playing at.”
Neither does Akechi, really. “What about my explanation was different from the Phantom
Thieves?”
“Most of them were bending over ass-backwards to make you seem like some poor, tortured
soul who’s never made a choice in his life.” Sae drawls.
They were laying it on rather thick. It had grated, but Akechi kept his mouth shut for the most
part to avoid Sakura throwing him onto the street while he can still feel his ribs every time he
breathes. He isn’t quite convinced the man even bought the display to begin with, though.
“And you,” Sae continues, sharp, “Seem to be doing your level best to paint yourself as a
demon who came out of the womb kicking puppies and scamming the elderly.”
Akechi takes another sip of water. It goes down a bit better, now. “And? Which one is the
truth?”
“Neither. Somewhere in the middle.” Sae says immediately, “And I hate that I can’t figure out
where.”
“My, I think you’ve narrowed it down.”
“You’re no help.” Sae spits, “Do you even hear yourself sometimes? Do you believe half the
things that come out of your mouth?”
Does he?
Of course.
NEVER.
Helpful.
Akechi shrugs.
Sae scoffs, bringing a hand to her temple. “You’re a nightmare. I can’t believe I didn’t see
straight through you.”
“You did, sometimes.” Akechi says before he can trap the words behind his teeth.
Sae startles, “Huh?”
“You could always tell when I hadn’t eaten lunch.” He admits, “And it took you a while, but
you figured out I was messing with you in billiards.”
Sae stares at him. Shakes her head.
“…I’m back at square one.” She murmurs.

Akechi takes another sip of water. It’s almost pleasant, this time.
Sae slowly lowers herself onto Ren’s shitty bed next to Akechi, her hands curled over the
edge of the futon in a white-knuckled grip.
“I have no idea what I’m going to do with you.” She confesses quietly.
Akechi can only stare at the sheets.
The Moon, strumming awkward and discordant and whole, grows to its final rank.
***
“By the way.” Sae says, as she goes to leave. “I still have your phone.”
“Keep it.” Akechi lets himself glance at her, “You might need it.”
Sae’s expression turns grim, but she nods, and turns.
“…Don’t go wandering into your own palace.” He calls after her.
Sae snorts, and Akechi feels himself smile.
***
Being left in the dark is, apparently, something Sae ought to be used to.
She wasn’t aware of it, of course. From Akechi to the SIU Director to any unknown number
of her coworkers, Sae has been surrounded by traitors and self-interested gamblers from the
start.
Now that she’s in the know, doing something as simple as going to work suddenly seems far
more daunting.
She is here, at the behest of the Phantom Thieves, for reconnaissance. They all have to know:
has Sae’s change of allegiance been noticed? Do Shido and his underlings plan to do
anything about it?
It’s mid morning. She’s not going to be abducted or killed in the middle of the office. All she
has to do is find out if they plan to do as such later, and whether she needs to haul herself and
Makoto to share a supposedly inconspicuous living space with Takamaki and Akechi.
Okay.
The police headquarters is in complete disarray when she walks through the front doors.
“Niijima-san!” Some officer calls; Sato, Sae thinks his name is? “You’re, ah, a bit late this
morning.”
“I stayed late last night.” Sae dismisses, “What’s happened?”

Sato grimaces, “Ah, well… did you hear they caught the leader of the Phantom Thieves?”
“I did.” Lying will only look more suspicious. “I questioned him, in fact. I didn’t get anything
out of him, though.”
“Oh.” Sato blinks, surprised, “Well, he’s gone.”
The bluntness of the statement catches Sae off-guard enough that she doesn’t have to work
hard to feign shock. “What?”
“He’s gone.” Sato repeats, “Up and vanished! Guess they don’t call him a Phantom Thief for
nothing, huh?”
“Did you ever see him?” Sae asks.
“He wouldn’t have escaped if I saw him-” Sato begins to boast, before cutting himself off,
“Oh, in general? Yeah, I was part of the crowd that arrested him.”
You’re one of Shido’s, Sae clocks. He doesn’t seem suspicious of Sae, given that he’s spilling
information so readily, which is a good sign.
Unless, of course, he’s doing the same thing she is, and is fishing for reactions. Or he’s so
low on the conspiracy’s ladder that he’s completely unaware that Sae is a potential threat. He
does seem a bit too much like a bumbling idiot to be considered valuable in any profession.
“Is now really the time for gossip, Sato?” A gratingly familiar voice calls from behind them.
“Good morning, Niijima-san.”
“Sasaki-san.” Sae turns to greet the man.
“I take you’ve heard the news?” Sasaki smiles with all his teeth, and gives a pointed look to
Sato, “Get back to work. We’re too swamped for breaks right now.”
Sato grumbles something under his breath and trots off, leaving Sae to contend with Sasaki
alone.
“I have heard, yes.” Sae belatedly answers, “Sato filled me in.”
“Right.” Sasaki nods, “It’s probably good you left when you did, or else you probably
wouldn’t have been able to go home at all.”
“When was his disappearance discovered?” Sae asks.
“Around one in the morning.” Sasaki says, tilting his head, “Someone went in to question
him, but he was gone.” He barks a laugh, “Like a phantom, I suppose.”
Sae wonders if that’s going to be a running joke in this office. She hopes not.
“You were the last person to see him, actually.” Sasaki continues mildly.

Ah. “Really?”
“Sure were.” Sasaki nods, expression unreadable, “The guard on duty said you left and came
back at some point.”
Lying will only look more suspicious. “I did.” Sae confirms.
“Did you forget something?” Sasaki asks with some humour.
“Yes, actually.” Sae pulls out of her ass, “His phone. I forgot to ask him to unlock it, so I
went back to give it a try.”
“Oh, right.” Sasaki clicks his tongue like he just remembered, “How’d that go?”
“He was uncooperative.”
“Unsurprising.” Sasaki says, commiserating, “Can I have that back, by the way? I’ve got to
pass it off to our IT guys to see if they can take a crack at it.”
“Ah,” Sae stutters despite herself, “I handed it off to-” She can’t remember the names of
anyone in this place, “-Sato as I was leaving last night. I’m not sure what he’s done with it
since.”
Sasaki’s eyes are piercing, “Is that so? He must’ve forgotten to mention it. I’ll have to chase
him down.”
Sae hums shortly.
“Oh, while we’re on the subject, actually,” Sasaki barrels on, “Aside from being
uncooperative, did anything about the thief seem off?”
“Off?” Sae echoes, entirely incredulous, “You drugged him. Of course he was off. ”
Sae immediately wishes she could bite the words back, but Sasaki just laughs. “Well, I
suppose that’s true.”
Well, if they aren’t beating around the bush. “You went too far.”
“Come on, Niijima-san,” Sasaki grins, unrepentant, like they’re talking about a mild change
in the weather, “I get that you and the kid were… friendly, but this is a mass murderer we’re
talking about. We needed to get something out of him, even if that turned out to be a dead
end.”
“There’s no definitive proof that the Phantom Thieves are behind the mental shutdowns.” Sae
counters weakly, even if Sasaki is entirely right.
Sasaki raises his eyebrows, “But people have died from the psychotic breakdowns, haven’t
they? And aren’t you the one who made the connection in the first place?”

“It’s a bad idea to jump the gun as a prosecutor before you have all the facts.” Sae recites, and
adds, pointedly, “And as a police officer, too.”
Sasaki shrugs, “Right you are.” He shoots her a look, “I hope you weren’t caught too off
guard when you went to question him. No one told you his identity ahead of time, right?”
Sae bets Sasaki was laughing it up when they ran into each other, knowing the shock she was
about to receive. “No. His familiarity with me wasn’t any help, anyway. I’m as clueless as the
rest of you.”
A bit heavy handed, perhaps, but Sasaki accepts it with a nod. “True enough. Good talking
with you, Niijima-san. I have to get back to work. I have to figure out how the hell we’re
breaking all this to the press.”
Sae raises an eyebrow, “You’re letting them know?”
Sasaki sighs, “I’d love to keep all this under wraps, but it’s going to leak one way or another.
I’m in agreement with all the higher-ups that it’s better we have control over how the story is
presented than not at all.”
Shido is a shrewd man, Sae thinks. At least she’s managed to gain that piece of information
out of this conversation. She wonders how this will be spun.
“I assume you’ll be keeping his identity secret?” Sae pushes.
Sasaki snorts, “Of course. It’d just be downright confusing if we told everyone the truth-”
Sae almost laughs at the choice of words, “-about that. Not even everyone at the precinct
knows. Only you and the folks who arrested him.”
“I suppose it’s in our best interest to keep it that way.” Sae nods stiffly, “Thank you for your
time, Sasaki-san. I’ll let you get back to work.”
“You too, Niijima-san.” Sasaki says with another unreadable smile.
Sae spends the rest of the day pretending to do any substantial work, tucking herself in a
corner and not having to force her expression much at all to make it fiercely unapproachable.
Her conversation with Sasaki only really proved what she already knew. Her actions last
night haven’t gone unnoticed, and she needs to act quickly.
Can she even still go to work, after this? Likely not, she decides; she’s already told Sasaki a
blatant lie about Akechi’s phone, and retreating to an unknown location via the Metaverse
every day will only take her so far. She’ll have to find some excuse to take Makoto out of
school as well, and hopefully find a way to ensure it doesn’t effect her studies.
Sasaki passes by her desk, giving a cheerful wave as he does.
Sae clicks her laptop shut, and prepares to head home for the last time in a long while.
***

There’s news about the escaped Phantom Thief by noon.
A bold play, Akechi thinks. Shido must be awfully confident in the public blaming the
current government, rather than targeting his own lofty speeches. Akechi supposes that is in
line with what the man has been doing thus far.
He stays in Leblanc the whole day. Sakura very awkwardly brings him a plate of curry
around lunch time, with the charming advice of “If you feel like throwing up: don’t.”
It’s a little after when Akechi assumes school has been let out that Ann suddenly materialises
in Leblanc’s attic, apropos nothing.
“Hey!” She says brightly. “Mementos is looking pretty good. It didn’t even feel weird getting
in!”
Akechi hums.
Ann wilts slightly, “…You’re really out of it, huh?”
The drugs wore off quite some time ago, Akechi is quite sure. Or, at least, their primary
effects. He still feels a bit sluggish. “I’m just tired.”
“Yeah, I bet.” Ann bites at her lip. “Well, uh, d’you think you’re all good to come home?”
“Right away?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, ignoring the epithet she chose for her apartment.
Some of Ann’s cheer returns, “Well, duh. We already said my place was still good for hiding
out, and you can’t stay here too long. That bed looks terrible.”
“It is.”
“And where would Ren sleep?”
“The floor.” Akechi deadpans, and adds, belatedly: “Downstairs.”
Ann snickers, “I think he’d probably just take the couch.”
The couch really doesn’t look much better than the floor. “That aside.” Akechi tilts his head,
“I’m not sure I could walk all the way to your apartment in this state.”
Ann frowns, “Why would you have to walk?”
“We’d be taking Mementos, wouldn’t we?” Akechi gives her a look, “Any other way poses
an unnecessary risk, especially when leaving from Leblanc.”
“Ooh, right,” Ann drawls out, “Well, I was actually gonna ask Morgana for help. He can turn
into a car, so…”
Well, that solves that problem. Even as annoying as it sounds.

“Can you enter the Metaverse normally, by the way?” Ann continues, “I guess either me or
Morgana could keep a hand on you or something while we’re inside if you can’t, but it’ll be
easier if we don’t have to.”
“Well, you’re the one with the capacity to test that.” Akechi waves a hand.
Ann makes a face, and quickly takes out her phone, muttering Mementos into the receiver.
The world, to its credit, does warp. Not correctly, though.
The attic flickers red, and Akechi feels an intense pressure suddenly build behind his eyes.
He presses his lips together, and brings a hand up to his head.
“How’s that?” Ann’s voice sounds distant, like separated by several layers of glass.
“Bad.” Akechi grunts out.
The feeling evaporates, and the red drains away.
“You were there.” Ann informs him, “But you looked kinda sick.”
“I think I only made it halfway.” Akechi frowns, “Being in the Metaverse actually made me
feel better, when Sae-san pulled me in. But I doubt that would be the case if I were caught
somewhere in between.”
“Maybe we should still pull you in, then…” Ann hums, “But maybe that’s all? If you’re
halfway to getting there on your own, then I don’t think we’ll have to find a way to keep you
there.”
That’s something. And good news for Joker, too.
There’s the sound of Leblanc’s bell tinkling downstairs, accompanied by Sakura’s grunt of
greeting and some distant chatter. Think of the devil and he shall appear, Akechi supposes.
Ann perks up, “Oh!” She grins, “I’ll go ask Morgana now. Better that we move fast, right?”
Akechi sighs, and nods.
***
The trip back to Ann’s apartment isn’t nearly as painful as Akechi expected it to be.
Ann’s prediction that entering the Metaverse might not be as painful in the event that he’s
dragged in by another party turns out to be correct, as well. It isn’t nearly as tumultuous a
presence as when Sae pulled him in, either.
It’s almost pleasant. Like it used to be. Almost.
Morgana, predictably, grumbles at Akechi the entire way, and immediately shuts up the
minute Ann interrupts with all the grace of a freight train. The analogy, Akechi finds, is also

rather apt when describing her driving skills. He decides not to voice this in case she decides
it’s a good idea to take her hands off the wheel as she goes to protest.
But, eventually, they arrive. Morgana waves them off, and Akechi manages to drag himself
up the stairs.
It turns out exiting the Metaverse is still an ordeal.
“Whoa!” Ann yelps as Akechi immediately staggers, rushing to catch him by the arms, “Umoh, shit, okay, are you okay?”
“No.” Akechi grits.
“Sorry.” Ann babbles nonsensically, and tentatively tugs him over to the couch, “Sorry,
maybe I should have dragged you back through as well- um- do you need water?”
Is that all these people know how to offer? In saying that: maybe. He does have a headache.
But that’s been true all day. “Sure.”
Ann quickly pats his shoulder, and jumps when he flinches, “Um- yes, I’ll get that. Yes.”
She dashes off, and Akechi lets himself sink into the couch pillows. He feels significantly
less dizzy when he doesn’t have to rely on his own body to remain upright.
He hates this. Everything aches. He can’t even walk on his own, bar being in the Metaverse,
but they’re not going to let him in.
Ann comes back with a glass, and hovers uncomfortably, “Do you need…?”
“I can drink water on my own, Takamaki.” Akechi snaps.
Ann rolls her eyes, “Okay, jeez. You just fell over, so I’m sorry for worrying. ”
Akechi makes a point to glare as he snatches the water from her hands, taking a pointed gulp.
No one thus far has truly been treating him like glass, following all this. He has no intention
of letting anyone set a precedent, no matter what state of indisposed he might find himself in.
Ann sighs, and shuffles away to who knows where, leaving Akechi with some peace.
She returns rather quickly, a few plastic bags looped over her arms. She dumps them on the
oft-unused coffee table, and sits herself next to Akechi, leaning forward to rummage through
them.
Akechi shoots her a dubious look.
Ann huffs, “I thought we could do something nice, since you’re back.”
Akechi feels a small twinge of regret for snapping at her. He ignores it. “It’s only been one
night.”

Ann rolls her eyes, but she almost looks amused, “Well, yeah, but it was a long night. ”
Akechi can’t refute that.
“I don’t know how much you feel up to eating.” She continues, “But I bought a bunch of
snacks. And I rented some movies. Plus you seemed like you had fun with Ryuji and I when
we played a bunch of games the other day, so we could do that too, and-”
“Ann.”
She grins sheepishly. “Yeah?”
Thank you gets caught in his throat. “What food did you buy?”
Ann rummages through the bag, “Oh, just some chips, mostly. Plus some ice-cream. That
would go down a bit smoother, wouldn’t it?”
Akechi hums noncommittally.
“I probably shouldn’t get food delivered…” Ann mutters, “Just to be safe, if they see inside
or something. But I could run out and buy something for dinner?”
“That wouldn’t be particularly safe, either. Not in the evening.” Akechi points out, slowly
placing his glass down on the coffee table.
“Mmm, true.” Ann sighs, and taps her finger against her chin, “I guess we’re eating junk
tonight.”
“What a shame.”
Ann snickers, “Good thing no one has to know but us. Oh!” She fishes something else out of
the bag, “I was wondering if we could do this too?” She waves a bottle of nail polish around,
“Just for fun.”
Akechi scowls, “You’re not painting my nails.”
Ann sighs, put-upon, “Well, you can help paint mine. I always mess up my right hand.”
Akechi just waves her off.
Ann turns on the TV, flicking to a random channel and turning the volume way down, “We
haven’t really been taking advantage of this whole roommates business, have we?”
Akechi tilts his head, “If that’s what you’re going to call it. But what is there to take
advantage of?”
Ann groans, “I don’t know! Just, stuff! We’ve had dinner together, sure, but that’s about it!
You’d always run off at night at first, and then we were both running around Niijima’s palace.
Where’s the fun in that?”

Akechi eyes the mess on the coffee table, “…And this is your alternate proposition?”
Ann smiles, “Yeah! It’s not like we have to do it all the time, but Makoto and her sister are
probably gonna be living with us soon, so…”
Akechi makes a face at the reminder.
“Well, I guess we could get the two of them in on this too…” Ann remarks, “Makoto could
have fun with this. And Niijima-san looks like she needs a break.”
Probably. “Sae-san will be on something of an extended break against her will for the
foreseeable future, I think.” Akechi points out.
“All the more reason for her to relax!” Ann punctuates her point by ripping open a bag of
chips. After a moment, she casts a sideways glance towards Akechi, “Are you going to be
okay with them living here?”
“It’s a bit late to ask, don’t you think?” Akechi says drily.
Ann sighs, put-upon, “Yes, yes, I’m terrible. Better late than never though, right? I know you
don’t always get along with Makoto-”
“An understatement.”
“-And I’m not sure if you and Niijima-san are… good or not.” Ann finishes.
Are they? Akechi isn’t sure. Sae seemed at least somewhat hesitant at the thought of dragging
him to the precinct this morning. But that doesn’t really mean much. She seemed more than
happy to leave him for dead, and turned heel on that rather quickly.
“It’s not like they can go anywhere else.” Akechi says diplomatically, “Aside from Haru-san,
your place is the least at risk from all factors, and Haru-san’s place may still be crawling with
police for who knows how long.”
Ann gives him a long look, before shrugging. “Well, good enough for me. Try not to kill each
other.”
“I expect we won’t have to worry about any murder attempts between the four of us.” Akechi
says, bland, “I’d look out for the other thieves, though.”
Ann winces, “Hm. Yeah. I tried forgetting that they were mad at us, honestly.”
“When did they find out?” Akechi asks.
“Around the time I called Ren panicking and saying you’d been arrested.” Ann explains
sheepishly, “No one was happy, but we just kind of… put it off, since everything was going
to hell. You heard that Futaba and Sumire were off on their own palace run, didn’t you?”
“They were what. ”

“Yup.” Ann says with a pop, “The Doc’s palace, too.”
That explains some of what flew over his head during their explanation to Sakura and Sae.
Akechi cannot believe this.
“Don’t get too mad!” Ann quickly waves her hands, “They’re fine, obviously.”
“That’s not the point.” Akechi hisses.
“We were doing the same thing…” Ann mumbles.
“ I remembered what Sae-san’s palace was like. ” Akechi snaps.
“Wouldn’t Sumire remember what Maruki’s palace was like too?” Ann tilts her head.
“Why are you defending them?”
“I don’t want to be a hypocrite!” Ann protests, “Besides, united front of mutineers? Or
something? We outnumber the others if Sumire and Futaba are on our side!”
“We don’t.” Akechi points out, “That just splits the team in half.”
“Oh.” Ann frowns, “Well, Ren can’t yell at all of us.”
“He can.”
“We don’t have to listen to him!”
“That’s true.” Akechi concedes. He had no intention of doing so to begin with.
Ann crosses her arms, presumably in a show of defiance, and frowns, “Has Ren spoken with
you?”
“Since this morning?” Akechi clarifies, “No.”
Ann hums, “Well, good luck when you talk to him.”
Akechi gives her a deadpan look, “Why are you so certain that he’s going to talk to me, and
not all of us?”
“Of course he’ll talk to you!” Ann huffs, “Or Makoto.”
“And not you?” Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Confident, are we?”
“A girl can dream…” Ann mutters, and snatches a chip from the bag.
“Down with the ship.” Akechi says, and steals a chip of his own.
Ann sighs, overly dramatic, and blows some strands of hair out of her face, “Down together,
then.”

Akechi snorts, and the Sun grows to its eighth rank.
***
School on Tuesday had invited Makoto’s most paranoid sensibilities. She jumped every time
a teacher called on her, or every time a student asked her for help, as though any one of them
could suddenly be a member of Shido’s conspiracy out to get her.
She was almost relieved to come home and find Sae shovelling everything but the kitchen
sink into suitcases.
“They’re onto me.” Sae informs her without preamble, “Or, they will be, in the very near
future. I’m not sure you should go to school tomorrow.”
Makoto considers it. As much as she doesn’t like it… “Won’t it be more suspicious if we
both vanish at the same time?”
“We live together.” Sae points out. “But…” She presses her lips together, “I suppose you
drawing their attention might be a bad idea. There’s no reason to alert them that you’re in on
it.”
“…I’ll go tomorrow.” Makoto decides, “And then we can discuss it with the others.”
Sae nods, and that’s that.
The following afternoon after school, Makoto takes a roundabout route back home, slipping
into Mementos once she’s inside, dragging her travelling case with her.
“Makoto.” Sae blinks at her, apparently having done exactly the same thing barely a moment
prior.
“Oh- good timing, I guess.” Makoto eyes the three cases Sae has surrounded herself with,
“Do you need any help?”
“Yes, please.” Sae huffs. “I don’t think it’s over-packing, since we’re practically moving in,
but it is quite a lot.”
Makoto dutifully takes one of her sister’s cases, and the two of them shuffle towards the door
and down the stairs. The inside of their apartment building in Mementos is quite barren- the
apartment itself almost a complete void. It holds its shape well enough to leave, though, and
the two of them make their way to the street.
“We’re going to have to walk.” Sae mutters, and turns to Makoto, “Do you know the way?”
“Mostly.” Makoto admits, “…From Shibuya, at least.”
“I know the way there. ” Sae says, and starts off, “I guess you wouldn’t, taking the train
every morning.”
Makoto hums in agreement. “…I’ve been hoping to get my driver’s permit soon, actually.”

“Oh?” Sae turns her head slightly, “After all this, I suppose.” She dismisses.
It’s too much to hope for a normal conversation, Makoto thinks. “Yes. After.”
“…It’s been a while since we’ve lived with anyone more than just the two of us.” Sae
eventually says.
What a unique way of putting it. And, frankly, it’s been a while since Makoto has lived with
anyone aside from herself. “I suppose so.”
“I hope there’s no stepping on toes.” Sae continues.
This facade of a regular conversation is starting to become stifling. “Ann is lovely. I’m sure
everything will be fine.”
“No words spared for Akechi?” Sae chuckles.
Makoto grimaces. Holding a conversation with Akechi is already a headache. She’s been
putting off thinking about how that will translate to sharing living space. “I’m sure everything
will be fine.” She repeats.
“I’m sure.” Sae remarks drily.
Makoto bites at her lip.
“What do you think about him?”
Makoto turns to stare at Sae, “What?”
“Akechi.” Sae clarifies, “I spoke with him yesterday, but you’ve known him like this far
longer than I have.”
“Only a few months.” Makoto mumbles.
“Still.”
Makoto sighs, “Well, we’ve never really gotten along.”
Sae has the audacity to look surprised, “Really?”
“You didn’t notice?” Makoto gives her sister an exasperated look. That certainly explains
some things.
Sae readjusts her grip on her two cases, “…No, I suppose I didn’t.”
Makoto presses her lips together.
“I didn’t notice a lot of things.” Sae mutters quietly.
She really didn’t.

***
Ann is delighted, if a bit startled, to see them materialise in her living room.
“So soon?” She asks with such a bright smile that it couldn’t possibly be interpreted as an
accusation.
“Yes.” Sae clicks her tongue, “Sorry to impose, but I have no idea if our apartment is safe.”
“I invited you.” Ann waves her off.
“Will you still be going to work?” Akechi’s voice drifts from the couch.
“No.” Sae explains, clipped, “Sasaki’s on to me.”
“Ah. Him.” Akechi remarks drily.
Makoto raises an eyebrow, “Anyone important?”
“Not anymore.” Is all Akechi offers in response.
Sae narrows her eyes, “He won’t be a problem?”
“Only if you get arrested.” Akechi shrugs.
“Let’s not do that, then.” Ann declares, and swipes Makoto’s suitcases right out of her hands,
“So, I have one extra spare room- I guess you can have that, Niijima-san. Are you cool with
sharing with me, Makoto?”
Better than sharing with Akechi. Or her sister. “Sounds good.”
“Great!” Ann tears off in a whirlwind, presumably towards the guest rooms.
Akechi raises a bemused eyebrow in her direction, before shaking his head and turning to
Makoto, “If you still intend to go to school, you’ll have to stagger your arrival with Ann’s.”
“You think I can still go to school?” Makoto asks.
Akechi casts a look towards Sae, “I don’t know. Can you?”
“I think it’s too risky.” Sae folds her arms, “It’s all well and good that the rest of your friends
can go, but Makoto already has ties to me. If I disappear, they’ll go to Makoto first for
answers.”
Akechi nods slowly, “That’s true.”
“…Can any of us even leave the apartment now?” Makoto mumbles.
“I can’t.” Akechi says.
“I already stand out. I won’t be risking it.” Sae affirms.

Makoto sighs, not bothering to mask her displeasure.
It’s funny. Just a few months ago, Makoto probably would have killed to spend more time
with her sister. Even through such a roundabout and forced way as this. Now, it just sounds
like an argument waiting to happen. And Akechi is here too, so that’s sure to grate on
Makoto’s nerves.
“…I’ll go help Ann with our things.” Makoto announces.
It takes a few tries to open the right door, but Makoto eventually finds Ann in what must be
her own room, just based on the decor.
Ann is sprawled out on her bed, kicking her legs and tapping away at something on her
phone. She looks up, “Oh, hi Mako.”
“Hey.” Makoto awkwardly sits herself down on the corner of the mattress.
Ann shuffles a bit closer, “Everything good out there?”
“It’s fine.” Makoto quickly reassures her. “Sorry. I know you invited us, but it’s still a lot for
you to suddenly take on.”
Ann waves a hand, “It’s whatever. You and Akechi-kun can handle not being at each other’s
throats for at least a few weeks, right?”
Makoto makes a face before she can reign it in.
Ann laughs, “You’ll get away from him when we go palace diving, at least.”
“I suppose so.” Makoto concedes, “I don’t want to avoid him. It’s just…”
She still feelsIt’s not like it was her fault, that this all happened.
She didn’t even want him there. Or maybe she did. She can’t tell. Can Akechi? Can Ann?
She doesn’t know how she’s going to face the others when the veneer of business fades.
Ann pokes her arm, startling her out of her thoughts, “Maybe living with him will make you
better friends.”
Makoto sincerely doubts that. “Maybe.”
Ann carelessly tosses her phone back on the bed, “Well, enough about him.” She grins, “This
is our room now. A home away from home. A hideout away from hideout.”
Makoto feels her lips twitch up, “It does sound fun.”
Ann playfully flicks her shoulder, “It better! Oh, and, I hope you don’t mind Ryuji barging in
every now and again.”

“That’s fine.” Makoto tucks some of her flyaway hair behind her ear, “It’s your house.”
“Mm. True.” Ann says, and flops backwards onto the bed.
Makoto raises an eyebrow, “Is something wrong…?”
Ann groans, “I’m just thinking. Is your sister gonna make us do our homework? Or study,
and stuff?”
“You should be doing that anyway.” Makoto points out reflexively.
“I know. ” Ann whines, “But, no offence, she seems like a hardass for that kinda stuff.”
She is. “I am, too.” Makoto reminds her.
Ann sighs, “I’m trapped on all sides. I swear Akechi-kun was judging me too.”
Makoto can’t help but laugh at that.
“What are you gonna do about schoolwork, by the way?” Ann props herself up on her
elbows, “…It’d suck if you had to repeat a year because of all this.”
Makoto had been trying to push the thought from her mind. “I suppose I’ll have to ask Harusan for her notes and any work we get.” She begrudgingly adds, the words a chore: “I’ll share
it with Akechi as well.”
“He might not thank you.” Ann warns. “Or maybe he will. He’s been really bored.”
Makoto is hard pressed to imagine any scenario where Akechi might thank her. She’ll live
without. “We have studied together once or twice at cram school before. So that’s something
proven that we won’t kill each other over.”
Ann tilts her head, “…At least you’ll have your sister to mediate, now?”
“That makes us sound like unruly children.” Makoto scowls, refusing to entertain the
comparison any further, “But that won’t be much of a help, really. We’ll just be gunning to
kill each other while Sis isn’t looking.”
Ann snickers, “I’m not cleaning blood out of my floorboards.” She jumps up off the bed, and
shuffles back over to the suitcases, “Y’know… I never thought I’d see the day when the
student council prez would be skipping school.”
“Me neither.” Makoto confesses, and abruptly feels very bad for the duties she’s abandoning,
“…All in on delinquency, I suppose?”
Ann grins, “All in.”

Chapter End Notes

happy new year! hope everyone has a good start to 2025! maybe this'll be the year i
finally finish this fic lmao
I ALMOST FORGOT: hey, look! 77graaves on twt made this: check it out! (and ty ty
very much Zoe for bringing it to my attention hehehe i would have missed it otherwise)
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! would you look at that! Sae hits max rank!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 5
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Makoto: What did you get for question 13?
Akechi: hm. it seems i got something different from youMakoto: Pistols at dawn.

Chapter 80
Chapter Summary

Motives, arcades, and cermonies

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren can appreciate that things have started slowly, tentatively, to get back on track.
The Niijimas didn’t take long to declare their situation as unsafe. Makoto had texted Ren the
night before to let him know that they were taking Ann up on her offer.
“I’m a little concerned about the safety of Ann-chan’s place…” Haru had brought up during
school break. “Maybe I should have offered to buy a safe house of some kind…”
“The police still have their eye on you.” Ren reminded her, “Aren’t they still investigating
your dad, too?”
“We don’t know where Shido’s eyes are, either.” Morgana had piped up, “Making a large
unexplained expenditure might raise some questions.”
“You forget that Ann-chan may still have eyes on her, too.” Haru pointed out, “She’s been
involved in this since the beginning.”
“In that case, to any outside perspective, she’s still acting entirely normally.” Ren dismissed,
“But I’ll go check how they’re doing, at least.”
He had been wanting to chat with all those present, anyway.
Which leaves Ren here, on his way to the Takamaki residence, Morgana in tow.
He used Mementos for travel, of course. No sense in letting anyone track his movements.
Entering the Metaverse now, three days removed from the incident that forced them out, feels
almost entirely normal. In fact, if Ren weren’t hyper vigilant in searching for a difference in
the experience, he’s not sure he’d have noticed anything amiss at all.
But, now,
Ann yelps as Ren appears out of thin air. Sae, from the couch in front of the TV, looks quite
startled too.
“Uh.” Ann gapes, “Hi. Weren’t we meeting in an hour?”

“We are.” Ren confirms. It’s high time they started getting their plans properly underway, “I
wanted to talk to you first, though.”
Ann abruptly looks like she’s committed every crime in existence, grinning nervously, “Me?”
“All three of you.” Ren says flatly.
“Does that mean I don’t have to be there?” Morgana mutters, poking his head out of the bag.
“If you don’t want to be.” Ren offers. Morgana remains as one of the few people who hasn’t
run off to do something irrecoverably stupid. Ren trusts him more than he does himself at this
point.
Morgana sighs, as Ann’s already strained smile twists into a proper grimace, “Cool. Um, we
can do that.”
“I mostly want to talk to Goro.” Ren throws her a bone.
Her shoulders relax slightly, “Mm. Figures, I guess.”
Ren shifts, ignoring Sae’s piercing stare. He never could get a read on her. “…So?”
“Oh.” Ann jumps, “He’s in his room. Second on the left.” She points down the hall.
Ren would have preferred to talk to all three of them at once, but perhaps speaking to Goro
alone is wise. Or not. Whether or not an idea is a genius solution or fatally stupid is becoming
harder to parse.
Ren squares his shoulders, and hands Ann his bag, at which Morgana makes a pleased mrrp
sound that Ren is sure he will never be able to replicate or force the cat to admit to having
made. “Okay. Thanks.”
Ann seems well and truly out of her depth, as she gives him a dubious look. Sae’s meanwhile,
turns almost pitying.
Ren starts off down the hall, knocking on Goro’s door and not bothering to wait for a
response before letting himself in.
The bruise on Goro’s cheek has bloomed a sickly green and yellow. He looks up sharply as
the door opens, closing the book he was reading with a pointed thump and shooting Ren with
a cutting glare. “Pray tell, have the past few days caused all semblance of manners to
evacuate themselves from your brain?”
Ren snorts, forgetting he’s supposed to be mad for a second. “I wanted to talk with you.” He
says after he regains some composure.
“Talk, he says.” Goro mocks, “What, do you think I was the mastermind behind our sojourn
into Sae-san’s palace? To spite you specifically?”
Ren had, admittedly, entertained the possibility. “Well? Were you?”

“No.” Goro says, clicking his tongue, “You’ll have a bone to pick with Makoto, if that’s what
you’re looking for.”
“Makoto isn’t spiteful.” Ren counters, walking forward.
“Yes she is.” Goro scowls, so indignant that Ren can only accept the words as fact. She’s
probably only petty when Goro’s involved.
“That aside.” Ren takes a seat on the edge of the bed, a metre or so away, “Sae’s palace isn’t
what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Goro raises an eyebrow, “Oh?”
“Yeah.” Ren flexes his fingers against the covers, “According to Ann, you got caught on
purpose.”
Goro gives him a look that’s entirely unimpressed. “Really?”
“What do you mean, really?” Ren snaps.
“That’s what you’re up in arms about?” Goro drawls, sounding genuinely taken aback.
“You could’ve been killed.”
“It was a calculated risk.” Goro waves a hand, “I didn’t want to do it, but I didn’t want all of
us to be caught, either.” His glare turns venomous, “And you are the last person to be
lecturing me about this.”
Ren should’ve known this would be his counterargument. “I had a plan.” He spits.
Goro hums, “One with more holes than Swiss cheese.”
“It worked, didn’t it?” Ren scoffs, and then abruptly realises that Goro can use the same
logic, “And you don’t get to talk either. You were the reason we needed a plan to start.”
Goro laughs, “Well, look at that? All it took for you to complain about getting a gun to your
head was for me to try much the same.”
This argument is meaningless, a voice that sounds an awful lot like Arsène warns. Full of
circular reasoning and pitfalls and far too many landmines he and Goro had long ago come to
a silent agreement to leave buried. Ren ignores the warning.
“Well, go on, then.” Goro turns away, disinterested, “Air your grievances. It’s about time.”
Don’t act above it all, Ren seethes. “I,” He starts, leaning forward, “Have been trying very
hard to keep things from going to hell.”
“Do you want a medal?” Goro sneers.

Ren ignores him. “You talk big, that I act like we have a safety net, but then what the hell are
you doing?”
“Need I remind you,” Goro says, voice like ice, “That we are in this mess because of you?”
“I know!” Ren shouts, and then jolts, remembering they aren’t entirely alone, “I know, but it’s
like you’re trying to get yourself killed to test me.”
Goro’s face twists in a snarl, “Is that so?”
Back down, that same voice warns again. Ren will most certainly not. He leans forward even
closer, “Is it?”
“Fuck you.” Goro spits, “Take your assumptions somewhere else. Be angry all you like, but
don’t delude yourself into thinking this is about you.”
“Then what is this about?” Ren demands.
“Exactly what it looks like!” Goro’s fists clench so tightly the knuckles turn white, “We were
cornered, and I made a choice. Did you want Ann or Makoto in that fucking room instead? If
you want someone to blame, blame that fucking god of yours, or Shido, or Maruki, but don’t
pretend like I asked for this.”
Ren presses his lips together, “If you hadn’t been running around without the rest of us, then
maybe you wouldn’t have been cornered.”
“And now we’re back where we started.” Goro scoffs, folding his arms, “If you have
something you really want to say, then say it."
Ren has wanted to say a lot of things. From when they first met a year and a lifetime ago, to
everything that was November, to the sudden collapse that was December, to when Ren
thought he had all the time in the world to untangle their mess in January, toWell, he said everything he intended to say in February. Bar one thing, of course.
All of this just seems like one more thing for the pile. Ren will take one step forward, and the
rug will pull him five steps back.
“Is it too much to ask for you to stop trying to get yourself killed?” Is all Ren can choke out.
Goro’s scowl returns in full force, “I’m not trying anything.”
Ren’s memories of all that occurred in Maruki’s reality, and then some, would beg to differ.
“Then try harder to keep yourself alive.” He hisses.
Goro’s glare wavers, and his eyes flick down. “I am trying.”
It sure doesn’t look like it, from where Ren’s standing.
“Try harder.” Ren pulls away.

Whatever spell of hesitance Goro had been under shatters. “I’m still alive, aren’t I?”
“Yeah.” Ren contemplates leaning forward again. “You are.”
Goro smiles, sardonic, “Then is that all?”
Yes. No. He can never form the words he wants to.
Goro picks his book back up, “You should go. You have a palace to scout, don’t you?”
“I still have to talk to Ann and Makoto.” Ren mutters distantly.
“Then do that.” Goro says, pointedly opening to what must be a random page, “I think we’re
done here.”
No, we’re not. “I’ll be back later.”
Goro snorts, “And have something else self-aggrandising to say? Save it.”
Ren can’t even muster a glare. With all the fight drained, he just feels tired.
He stands, feeling his shoulders curl in. “See you.”
“You know where the door is.” Goro hums under his breath.
Ren wants to stay. But, he can only turn on his heel to leave, clicking the door shut quietly
behind him.
(And, despite it all, a smile twitches at the corner of his lips as a plan starts to form.
Maybe he’s been going about this all wrong.)
***
It is immediately apparent, upon Ren, Ann, and Makoto’s arrival to the Mementos-reflection
of the SatoTech headquarters, that something has happened.
Sumire supposes that was probably a given, actually. She should probably count herself lucky
that she herself hasn’t been sat down and given the stink eye.
She has still been getting the stink eye, though. Most distressingly, by Haru, who at the very
least has the courtesy to smooth it over when Sumire meets her gaze.
No, she can’t imagine Haru is very happy with any of them at the moment.
Ren claps his hands together, steadfastly ignorant of the mood, “So, keywords?”
“Got ‘em here.” Futaba mumbles, waving her phone in the air.
“Scouting…” Ryuji enunciates slowly like he’s testing out the word, “So, like, just runnin’
around the entrance and stuff.”

“Getting into a couple of fights.” Ren adds. “Seeing who’s best suited for what palace.” He
tilts his head, “So, mostly running around the entrance.”
“Is everyone ready?” Haru asks, and Sumire is abruptly hit with how wrong it feels that Goro
isn’t here.
She hasn’t spoken to him alone since all this mess happened. She hasn’t spoken to him alone
for a while before that.
…She should visit Ann’s, soon.
“All ready.” Makoto confirms, sounding just a bit subdued.
“Cool.” Futaba un-hunches her shoulders, “Norio Sato, SatoTech company tower, Arcade.”
Candidate Found, the Nav chirps, like its stint of unhelpfulness never occurred, Beginning
Navigation.
And the world ripples.
Mementos, thankfully unobstructed since the veil seems to have smoothed itself over, fades
into a night sky. A barely visible night sky, that is; blurred with neon and LED flickers that
remind Sumire vaguely of her short trip into Niijima’s palace, if only for its gaudiness.
The tower has been replaced with- well, Sumire supposes it’s still a tower. The bleak facade
and uniform windows, however, have melted into obsidian blacks and blues, dotted with
lights and stars and symbols, painting quite the picture of a entertainment.
Sumire already knows that this palace is going to be a nightmare.
“Shall we?” Joker asks distantly, eyes fixed on the sight before them. All their Metaverse
outfits had burst into existence the moment they entered the palace, and Sumire finds herself
glad. Better to have some protection while the palace remains as an unknown, even if it
means they’re considered threats.
“Hell yeah!” Skull agrees, clearly already enjoying the aesthetic of the place.
“The entrance is pretty straightforward.” Oracle explains, her holographic panels granted by
her persona bursting into existence, “Just through the regular ‘ol front doors. There aren’t any
strong shadows I can sense, either.”
“So there’s no sign of the ruler shadow?” Noir asks, taking a step forward.
“Nada.” Oracle confirms, “Probably for the best, for now. We’ve never met the guy, so we
don’t know what to expect.”
Joker hums, waving for everyone to start moving. Fox sighs, “If only Crow were here, in that
case.”

“You guys met my shadow before you met me.” Oracle points out, “So it’s not the end of the
world.”
“No, it’s not.” Queen agrees, looking around with apprehension as they pass through the large
automatic doors leading into the arcade palace, “…But we’ll stay on our guard.”
As they should.
Sumire already doesn’t like how dark it is.
It isn’t pitch black, of course. There are far too many lights and flashing displays, even in the
lobby, for that to be the case. But each spark only casts a small bit of colour on the floor.
Shapes are obscured, corners are shrouded, and Sumire can only begin to guess where
shadows might be hiding along their patrol.
She already gets the feeling that Oracle might be a necessary component for the team that
will be tackling this palace.
Joker seems to agree, as he quickly turns to Oracle, “Any chance we can snag a map
somewhere?”
“Well, I’ve scanned the entrance, at least.” Oracle presses her lips together, “Plus a cursory
scan of the rest of the palace, but it’s kinda vague.”
“What’s it gonna be like?” Panther absently stretches her whip between her hands, “UhNiijima-san’s palace was kinda puzzle-y, and this place has a similar vibe…”
“I guess if it’s based off an arcade…” Mona hums, sniffing the air, “I can sense the treasure
way higher up.”
“Both of you are on the right track.” Oracle says, closing her displays with a wave of her
hand, “There are ten floors in total, but I kinda get the sense that a few of them are linked
together.”
“As is, we won’t have to pass ten obstacles to reach the top?” Sumire asks hopefully.
“Yup.” Oracle says with a pop, accompanies with an eager nod, “If we’re talking locks and
keys, I’d say there’s around… three?”
“Not so bad…” Joker muses, tapping his gloved hand against his chin.
“And you’re right, Mona.” Oracle squats to pinch at Mona’s cheeks, even in his bobbleheaded form and to a despairing yowl, “The treasure’s on the top floor.”
“Figures.” Queen sighs.
“I’ve got no idea where to find a proper map, though.” Oracle stands back up, kicking at the
floor.
“We’ll just have to explore, then.” Noir says.

“Not too far.” Joker interrupts, “Just this first floor, for today.”
Skull pouts, “Aw, man. This place seems so cool, though.”
“Then how about you join the front lines?” Joker grins, “We have to fight something.”
“Who else should be on the vanguard?” Fox asks, unfolding his arms.
“…We could swap, couldn’t we?” Sumire points out, “We need to figure out who’s best
suited for this place, so we should all have a turn in a fight.”
Joker hums, “True. But, first… Queen and Violet, you can join Skull.”
Sumire blinks, but quickly runs into formation. Behind them, Oracle is yanked up into the
spinning form of Necronomicon, green lights blinking cheerfully.
“There’s… one guy on your left, Joker.” Her voice projects in their minds, “I’m scanning the
threat level, but what’s your call?”
“Green.” Joker says nonsensically. He does sound happy about it, though.
With a grin and a flourish, he dashes forward, leaping onto the shadow’s back, gripping under
its mask, and flipping off in a spray of black blood, scattered in an arc.
“Nice!” Skull whoops.
“You got the jump on ‘em!” Oracle snickers, “And it looks like just one…”
Sumire snaps into focus as the shadow bubbles and reforms- into just the one, as Oracle
surmised. It has a canine head with a human body, hovering cross-legged, and carrying a
scale in one hand.
“Oh, hey.” Joker flips his knife, “This guy was in your palace, Oracle.”
“What?!” Oracle shouts, indignant. Sumire winces at the burst in volume. “No fair! That’s
totally cramping my style! This guy hides my mom’s research and he steals my cool
shadows?”
Sumire wonders if Sato himself will ever know that he’s accidentally declared war on a
fifteen-year-old girl. Potentially, given that there’s no way the thieves’ retaliation against
Medjed went unnoticed.
“Violet,” Joker suddenly warns, “Be careful. This thing has curse.”
Sumire grimaces, and raises her sword defensively, “Got it.”
“Marakukaja!” Queen tears away her mask, and skids in a spin, the defensive spell settling
coolly over Sumire’s shoulders.

“This should be easy,” Skull says with a grin, rolling out his shoulders, “We fought these
guys ages ago.”
“True.” Joker tilts his head, taking out his gun and shooting the shadow with four well-placed
bullets.
The shadow cries out, clattering to the floor, its limbs seizing with bright yellow sparks from
the electricity-laced bullets. Sumire leaps forward with the others, unclipping her rifle from
her belt and snapping it into place with a flick of her wrist, pointing it down at the shadow.
“Ah…” She comments, frowning down at the shadow, “Too bad you can’t talk with it like
this.”
Joker shrugs, “I already have this one in my compendium.” He furrows his brow suddenly,
like he’s realised something, before sighing and finishing off the shadow with one more shot,
not bothering to call for an all out attack.
“By the looks of it,” Queen speaks up as the shadow’s dusty remains waft to the floor, “This
palace’s shadows won’t pose much difficulty.” She looks slightly put out, like she’s
lamenting the waste of a defensive spell.
“I wouldn’t call that just yet.” Oracle hums, “Just because that one is a guy you’ve seen
before, doesn’t mean all of them will be.”
“So, should we fight somethin’ else?” Skull taps his metal pipe against his shoulder.
“Yeah.” Joker, “I’ll swap out the team, though.” He turns to the others, still loitering near the
entryway, “Hey! Panther, Noir, Fox! You guys are with me.”
Sumire dutifully steps back, as Mona complains, “Why not me!?”
“You’ll be on whatever team Oracle isn’t on.” Joker explains, “And I get the feeling she’ll
probably be infiltrating this palace.”
Mona deflates, “Yeah, yeah, whatever you say.”
“Joker.” Oracle, “There’s another one just ahead. But, it’s a bit further into proper palace
territory. Could be other stuff.”
“We’ll be careful.” Joker waves her off, and starts forward.
After a moment, Queen starts following them at a distance. “Even if it’s just scouting, we
should still keep an eye on them.”
“Yeah.” Skull loops his hands behind his head, “Standin’ around sounds boring, anyway.”
Morgana bounces forward, “And we can get a look to see if there’s any new shadows
ourselves.”

Sumire nods in vague agreement, though she gets the feeling that she might not be assigned
to tackle this palace. The last shadow, though weak, did posses her counter element. It likely
wouldn’t be much of a problem, but her skills might be better used elsewhere if the obstacles
here are more puzzle-focused. She remembers being next to no help with the puzzles in
Maruki’s palace, at least.
The only reason she’d be tasked with helping here, she thinks, is if Ooe’s mind proves to
needle all her weaknesses specifically, which she hopes is not the case.
Up ahead, she sees the sparks of another fight breaking out.
“Ooh!” Oracle chirps, “Now these are new.”
Rushing forward to take a closer look, Sumire catches a glimpse of the shadows in question.
Two of the same; what looks like a girl in a greyish and frayed shawl, covering its face. In its
hands, it carefully guards a lit match, hand shielding it from any wind that might snuff it.
It’s still weak, as Fox downs the both of them immediately with a well-placed ice spell. Joker
calls for an all-out attack without bothering to converse with them, and the shadows are
shredded before they can plead for their lives.
“Not gonna pick those ones up?” Mona asks, as Joker and the others wander back.
“Too weak.” Joker dismisses, and admits: “And I don’t have room.”
“That aside,” Oracle starts, before dropping down from Necronomicon, “I think that’s a
pretty good indication for how difficult this place is gonna be.”
“So, not at all?” Skull grins.
Oracle sighs, put-upon, “Well, yeah. It might get a bit more difficult as we head up, but
overall? Pretty weak.”
“That’s good news.” Sumire says, feeling a smile pull at her lips.
“It is.” Queen agrees. “But- aside from that, I think Panther may be right that this palace’s
difficulty will lie in other forms of obstacles.”
Panther blinks, “Huh? Uh- oh! You mean puzzles and stuff?”
“Probably.” Queen nods towards something just beyond them. “Look.”
Embedded in the wall, drawing attention only by its size but rather blending in otherwise
with the other flashing lights in the arcade entrance, is something that looks a bit like a
billboard.
Noir’s brow furrows as they walk towards it, “Is that… a leaderboard?”
It certainly looks like one. Right at the very top, crowned with a flashing Number One is
SHIDO, with over one million points.

Not far behind in the points department, SATO comes in second. Sumire narrows her eyes at
the name BLCK MSK at third.
She scans for other familiar names, and spots MEDJED darting up and down the leaderboard
rapidly.
“What the hell!?” Oracle bursts out, before scowling, “Well, at least he knows who’s a
threat.”
“The King’s on here too.” Skull taps at the lights.
“…Who?” Queen inquires, sounding a bit lost.
Joker snorts, lips twitched up in a smirk, “Not important. Sato’s probably just annoyed he
keeps getting beaten by a middle schooler in Gun About.”
Sumire is a bit lost herself. “…So we’ll have to ascend the leaderboard to progress?”
“No idea.” Oracle says, pulling up her holographic displays again, “But, most likely. Why
else would this be here?”
“Things in palaces are rarely just for show.” Fox nods.
“That’s true.” Noir hums, and turns to Joker, “Do you think this is enough of an assessment
of the palace?”
“I think so.” Joker readjusts his mask, “It’s a good starting point. I think we can head back for
now.”
“Will we be looking at that politician’s palace today, as well?” Fox asks, “Ooe, was it?”
Joker shakes his head as he starts back towards the entrance, “Not today.”
“Could be efficient.” Mona points out.
Joker waves a hand, “Yeah, but we don’t know the guy’s keywords just yet. And hopping in
and out of the Metaverse too much will just tire us out.”
“How are we gonna figure out the keywords?” Panther frowns, “Crow doesn’t know, does
he?”
“If he did, he would have already told us.” Mona points out before Sumire can, “But he might
have some insight on the guy, at least.”
“Ask him, then.” Joker says, “But we should all spend tonight trying to guess at Ooe’s
keywords. I want to scout his palace as soon as possible.”
There’s a round of nods, and Sumire resolves to do some digging.
***

To be honest, sometimes Ryuji misses back when the thieves were way smaller.
Not that he doesn’t like all the new thieves of course. They’re all super nice (mostly), and
cool, and weirdly specifically skilled, which is sort of half the problem.
Ryuji could do without all the mess that his best friend being a time traveller brings, but
beyond that; he kinda misses being the research guy. Scouting for new targets, scrolling
through Mishima’s forum for way too long, and digging through blogs to find dirt and
accusations on bigwigs who had too much money and time on their hands to cover up all
their bullshit.
Good times! Until they weren’t. But, still better than whatever the hell’s going on now.
Ryuji lays sprawled out on his futon, nose buried in his phone, idly tapping his free hand
against the sheets as he frowns at the Nav.
“Masaki Ooe.” He says. Good a start as any.
Candidate found. The Nav replies.
Well, he knows that already.
“Uhh….” He drawls to the air, “…Diet Building.”
No Candidate Found.
Damn. But, if Shido’s palace is at the diet building already, then maybe two in one spot
would be a bit much.
… Can two palaces form in the one spot? They’ve gotta be able to, right? It’s like, a pocket
dimension, or whatever. Yeah. Maybe Ryuji should be the group’s psientist.
He puffs out his cheeks, and returns his thoughts to the task at hand. Aside from the diet
building, where else would a politician think about too much?
He’s gotten places by aiming big before: “Tokyo?”
No Candidate Found.
“Japan?”
No Candidate Found.
“The world?”
No Candidate fRyuji groans, and drops the hand holding his phone back on his futon. Well, that’s a bust. He
closes the Nav to open up a browser, typing Masaki Ooe into the search bar.

A couple of news articles that Ryuji can’t be bothered to read pop up immediately, plus a
Wikipedia page. Aside from the Wiki, the titles of the articles look mostly like fluff pieces
written to puff the guy up. And, unless he wants to spend forever reading all these things,
nothing immediately jumps out as something he can use to pinpoint the guy’s palace.
But on a second glance, there are a bunch of recorded interviews for Ooe, too. Ryuji clicks on
one, flipping his phone horizontally.
He scowls as the hosts chirp out some introductions, and as the audience claps Ooe in.
Seriously? Who the hell gets excited about politicians? They’re all stuffy guys in suits no
matter what side of the fence they sit on. The standing ovation is kind of overkill.
Zoning out of whatever the hell Ooe’s saying, Ryuji notes that the TV station is the same set
that he visited with Ren, Ann, and Morgana back in June. He guesses Akechi must’ve done a
bunch of his interviews here as well.
He narrows his eyes. Just looking at the recommended videos (the algorithm for his account
is going to be ruined after this, he just knows it), Ooe must get interviewed here a lot.
They’re not even a bunch of clips from the same interview; it’s a whole series of full, thirtyminute interviews. How much can you even ask one guy?
But, if Ooe shows up here a lot…
“…TV station?” Ryuji hazards.
Candidate Found.
Yes!
Ryuji grins at his own success, leaning back further into his futon and rolling out his
shoulders.
Now, for the distortion…
Ryuji’s scowl comes back in full force. He’s probably gonna have to watch more of these
interviews.
Not wanting to waste time on this asshole, he fast forwards through the video, tapping
through to try and catch Ooe’s responses to each question the interviewers pose.
It screams self-congratulatory, Ryuji can tell just buy the guy’s face. The interviewers aren’t
even complimenting him unless he baits it, and he still soaks up their attention like a sponge.
He practically beams every time the audience halfheartedly laughs at his jokes. They aren’t
even good jokes. They’re worse than Akechi’s were, and that’s saying something.
Enter Distortion To Begin Navigation, The Nav reminds him, and yeah, he knows.
“Uh… stage?”
No Candidate Found.

Figures. A TV set is already a bit like a stage anyway. “Theatre?”
No Candidate Found.
He has no idea if he’s on the right track, or if the distortion is just really specific. What’s the
other thing called? “Opera House?”
No Candidate Found.
Maybe he should be trying something else. But… no, all Ooe is doing in these things is
stroking his own ego. “…Awards ceremony…?”
Candidate Found, The Nav confirms, and Ryuji suppresses his whoop, Move Closer To
Location To Begin Navigation.
Well, look at that! He’s still got it.
No time wasted, then. Ryuji powers off his phone, and wonders how they’ll manage to tear
this palace up.
***
Futaba is not the person that Akechi wanted to see bursting out of thin air in the living room
of the Takamaki residence.
He doesn’t really want to see anyone, if he’s being honest. He does his level best to avoid
Ann, Makoto, and Sae at all times of the day.
“Hey.” Is Futaba’s greeting, surprisingly confident, “I wanna talk.”
When does she not? Akechi makes a show of rolling his eyes and clicking his tongue, and
gestures for her to follow him down the hall.
Futaba eyes him warily as he clicks the door to his temporary room shut behind them, “What,
do you have a corpse disposal in here or something?”
“You’re the one that wanted to talk to me.” Akechi snaps.
He already feels stretched thin. He can see the way Futaba’s eyes linger on his cheek, where
that gracious gift from Sasaki still persists, thankfully fading. He’s been avoiding his
housemates, and especially Sae, for those exact kinds of looks.
“Yeah, yeah.” Futaba mutters, dragging her eyes down back to the ground. “Um, I know we
said we weren’t gonna talk about it until after we dealt with Shido, but-”
Oh, Akechi likes where this is going even less.
“Out with it.” He cuts her off.

Futaba’s lips press together, “…Those cops. They were surrounding the courthouse when you
got kicked out of it. Like they knew you were going to be there.”
“And you’re asking…?” Akechi pushes. If she’s going to ask questions, she shouldn’t bother
with sidestepping around the inevitable subject matter.
Futaba scowls, “I’m asking, if there was… I dunno. Something that my mom researched that
would let them…”
“Know where we are in the Metaverse?” Akechi finishes, and Futaba nods.
He knows it’s a valid question.
He doesn’t enjoy casting his mind back to the specifics of that time.
Don’t get lost in the weeds.
Think broadly. Robin advises.
“…I don’t recall.” Akechi admits.
Futaba’s nose wrinkles, “You don’t remember if she ever worked on anything like that?”
“No.” Akechi snips coldly. “That’s not the kind of thing I would have had to have been
intimately involved in. So I don’t know.”
If Wakaba ever babbled about it as she regaled him of her projects, he doesn’t recall either.
Though Akechi suspects that can be attributed to something far more concrete.
Futaba looks unsatisfied. Was it that same feeling, Akechi wonders, that urged her to go
diving into Maruki’s palace?
“It is unsettling.” Akechi eventually breaks the silence, “That he knew.”
“Is there any other explanation?” Futaba worries her bottom lip between her teeth.
Akechi shrugs, “A lucky guess?”
Futaba scoffs.
Akechi truly has no idea. Anything he could come up with would be wild speculation.
“…Is that all?” He eventually asks.
A small frown crosses Futaba’s lips, and she doesn’t respond.
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Futaba puffs out her cheeks indignantly.
“It’s a yes or no question.” Akechi deadpans, patience wearing ever thinner.

Futaba’s glare is rather lukewarm. She only takes a second to deflate. “…How long do you
think it’ll take before you can come with us into palaces again?”
Akechi narrows his eyes. He would have thought Futaba of all people would be happy to get
away from him. “That depends entirely on the rest of the thieves’ uninformed medical
opinions.”
Futaba snorts.
“I personally believe that I’m more than able to join you all at the moment.” Akechi adds.
“Do you, really?” Futaba presses quietly.
Well, everything hurts less in the Metaverse.
It hadn’t taken all that long to overcome the worst of it. The effects of whatever they drugged
him with had faded over twelve hours at most. He’s been on his feet without any assistance
since the day after Ann brought him back here.
He’s experienced far worse. Far worse. He’s died, for crying out loud, and yet he’s still
confined here to stew.
(And so why, why, do the aches still drive him mad, phantom pricks of ice clamping around
his neck, arms, wrists,
He's not thinking about it.
He needs something to do. )
“Yes.” Akechi answers.
Futaba gives him a dubious look.
“Why?” Akechi asks, “Has Sato’s palace already proven too challenging?”
“You’ve been there haven’t you?” Futaba deadpans, “You know it hasn’t.”
Point.
“It’s just…” Futaba trails off, not meeting his eyes, “Um. Get better. Soon.”
“Is that a demand?” Akechi levels her with a flat stare.
Futaba crosses her arms defiantly, “Yes.”
Akechi snorts, “Well, that’s what I’ve been trying to do.”
“Good.” Futaba mumbles.
(The Death grows to its sixth rank.)

Futaba shuffles on her feet a bit, “Uh, that’s it.”
“You know the way out.” Akechi tells her.
Futaba sticks out her tongue, “Ever heard of hospitality?” She turns to leave anyway, before
skidding to a stop with far more drama than her walking speed should have allowed, “Oh! I
almost forgot-” She starts rummaging through her pockets.
After a moment, she whips out a USB stick, “This!” She declares, “Is for you.”
Akechi takes it, eyeing it like he’ll be able to figure out its contents if he just stares hard
enough, “What is it?”
“I figured you might be bored.” Futaba explains, “You and Big Sis Niijima both. So I ripped
a whole list of all the employees stationed at the police headquarters in Tokyo.”
“Oh?” Akechi looks up.
“Yeah.” Futaba’s bravado melts slightly, “Again: bored, plus I guess Niijima might want a list
of all the people close by that are part of Shido’s conspiracy. You’d be the guy to help her
figure all that out. And, you’re both stuck here, so…”
All good points.
Working with Sae on a case sounds painfully awkward.
You never hated it before. A treacherous little voice tells him. He ignores it.
Akechi slips the USB into his own pocket. “Thank you.” He says to her, “I suppose we’ll do
that if we find the time.”
Futaba rolls her eyes, “As opposed to what, exactly?”
Akechi has recently unearthed a whole stack of literature that Ann had apparently banished to
the hidden recesses of her apartment. Or maybe he just stumbled across what Sae and Makoto
brought with them. “I have hobbies.”
Futaba levels him with yet another dubious look. “Sure you do.” She takes out her phone,
“Anyway.” Her hand awkwardly hovers over the MetaNav, “Uh. Bye.”
And she vanishes.
Akechi sighs.
He walks out to the living room, “Sae-san,” He calls, “I believe I have a project for us.”
***
Haru feels a bit ashamed to admit that she hadn’t managed to figure out Ooe’s keywords the
night before. She admittedly hadn’t tried quite as hard as she should have, and is quite

grateful when Ryuji presents both the Nav on his phone and a self-satisfied grin.
They take the Monabus to the empty streets of the top layer of Mementos, making their way
towards the TV station that the second-years explain they visited on a school trip, once. Ren
drives. Haru thinks she could have gotten them there faster.
“Alright,” Ryuji rolls out his shoulders, still looking immensely pleased with himself,
“Masaki Ooe, TV station, awards ceremony.”
Candidate Found. The Nav affirms, Beginning Navigation.
Noir feels her mask and feathered hat settle on her head, and lets her hands drift to her axe.
She didn’t get much of a chance to truly fight, yesterday. She’s been feeling rather deprived
of combat as of late.
Her distant musings are cut short as she takes in the sight if the palace.
Where there stood a relatively nondescript office tower is now a sprawling theatre complex.
Another nighttime scene, now with ever-flashing sparks from cameras and set lighting.
Cognitive crowds surround a sectioned-off red carpet that rolls all the way into the street, and
back up to the entrance of the building.
“I don’t suppose,” Joker says mildly, “That following that red carpet will lead us to Ooe?”
Mona shrugs, “I dunno. Do carpets like that usually span a whole building?”
“No.” Oracle says, “But this is a palace. It doesn’t have to make sense. By the looks of just
the entrance, I wouldn’t be surprised if the shadow Ooe in here had some servants to lay
down an extra metre of carpet for every step he takes.”
“…Speaking of the entrance,” Noir pipes up, brow furrowing as she tries to survey the area,
“How can we get in?”
The carpet leads straight to the doors; the only doors, as far as Noir can see. And she gets the
sneaking suspicion, due to the complete absence of even a footprint that mars the carpet, that
their presence on it will not be tolerated.
Fox tilts his head, and inches towards the carpet with a curious look on his face, before
Queen catches him by the arm, “I wouldn’t try that before we have an indication on what will
happen.”
“…Can palaces, like, insta-kill you if you piss ‘em off?” Skull asks with some trepidation.
“Uh, I don’t think so.” Oracle says, but she doesn’t sound as confident as Noir would have
hoped with a response like that, “All we’ve encountered so far has been… invisible walls and
stuff. If it were that easy to die by accident, then Crow probably would have snuffed it years
ago.”
Noir refrains from pointing out that Crow has ‘snuffed it’ in the past. Twice, if her memory
serves.

Joker gives the carpet a searching look, and delicately pokes his toe at the fibres.
“The security level just increased.” Oracle says.
Joker retracts his foot. “Let’s not touch the carpet.”
Noir could have told him that. She, again, refrains from commenting.
“Carpet aside…” Oracle taps away at her screens, “Let’s see if we can find a proper way in.”
“Could there be an entrance for the general public?” Violet muses, “Or an employee entrance,
maybe?”
“Oh, there was something like that in- uh-” Panther stumbles over her words, like everyone
isn’t already well aware that she, Queen, and Crow were off gallivanting in Niijima’s palace.
“…That required us to be considered as employees.” Queen reminds her in the awkward
pause following, “But it is better than nothing.”
“Well, good news!” Oracle interrupts, “There is a regular entrance for normies.” And points
to a small, significantly less grand, side door that a few cognitions are milling through.
“That’s good…” Mona nods hesitantly.
“Bad news!” Oracle, predictably, amends, “Looks like we need a ticket.”
Noir narrows her eyes at the door and cognitions that she had missed, and notices that, yes,
all the cognitions seem to be presenting some small slip of gold to a bouncer shadow before
they enter.
“More good news!” Oracle shouts again, and Noir jumps, “There are still a few hostile
shadows out here that we can beat up for scouting, so the problem of entry is a future-us
problem.”
“Is it, now?” Joker mutters, dry. He eyes the thieves, “…Mona, Violet, Noir. You’re with
me.”
Noir raises an eyebrow, if only for how decisive he sounds, but easily falls into formation.
She has no complaints about the lineup; it’s quite balanced, actually.
The others stay behind, bar Oracle, who pulls herself back into her persona and hovers above.
Joker leads them forward, slowing their pace as they stalk a shadow patrolling just outside of
the glow of the flashing cameras.
Noir tenses her grip around her axe,
And smoothly hefts it over her shoulder as Joker leaps forward to rip the mask from the
shadow’s face, landing with all the grace of a cat as the shadow collapses into a wave of
sludge, before bubbling and reforming into a woman with crimson-red skin and six arms,
each holding a blade, stepping in a box pattern almost reminiscent of a dance.

She hears Joker suck in a small breath of displeasure.
“Ugh,” Oracle shares in his annoyance, “This one’s kinda strong. You four should be able to
take it out no problem, but…”
It doesn’t bode well for the rest of the palace, Noir gathers.
“From memory,” Joker quickly calls out before anyone can act, “It’s immune to guns.”
Noir sighs slightly, but tears her mask away nonetheless, “Psiodyne!”
“-And psychic.” Joker adds, as the shifting purple miasma rebounds harmlessly off the
shadow and back towards Noir.
“Brave blade!” Violet calls, and the shadow topples with a shriek of protest. Joker calls for a
full assault immediately, no time to even point their guns at the shadow as they surround it,
and they all dive forward to carve it down.
Noir skids back into place, but the shadow remains standing, looking much like a stiff breeze
could kill it now.
A stiff breeze is, in fact, what does it in; as Mona calls out a quick Garudyne! and the shadow
turns to dust.
“Not terrible.” Oracle assesses. “If that’s the level of shadow that you’ll be facing the whole
time, then at least you won’t be fighting for every inch.”
“We won’t.” Joker agrees, “But that’s the kind of shadow that we’ll find in Shido’s palace,
too.”
Noir hums, pressing her lips together, “Are you concerned about only having a team of four
or five, in that case?”
“A bit.” Joker admits, eyes flicking to her, “But we only ever have four people on the front
lines anyway, unless it’s a big fight.”
“That’s true.” Mona nods, “And besides, we took that shadow out really quickly.”
But not as quickly as the other palace’s adversaries, which Noir supposes is what Joker is
mulling over.
Joker shakes his head, “I think splitting up the team will still be okay. I’ll just have to think
about it some more.”
“Should we swap out the team?” Violet offers.
“Nah.” Joker waves a hand, “I think it’d just be redundant. I have an idea who I’m going to
assign to what palace anyway.”
“Ooh!” Oracle titters, “Tell me! Tell me!”

“You can wait!” Joker laughs, and begins directing them back to where the others are
waiting.
Noir has a feeling she might know what the teams will be, herself. Given that Joker only
wanted to test the three of them here in a fight, (excluding Futaba’s additions from above, but
it’s been fairly clear since yesterday that she’ll be a boon to the team exploring Sato’s palace.)
it’s not unreasonable to assume he wants them here. And, as the shadows are a fair bit more
powerful, Noir would think Joker himself would want to be present too.
Much like before, she can’t find any complaint with the arrangements. It is a strong team,
balancing support, offence, and healing easily, with Joker himself to fill any gaps.
Haru wonders why the thought of working with Sumire pulls at her frayed nerves.
Sumire is one of her dearest friends. Her first friend, as a point of fact, and Haru has always
loved seeing her dance through a fight, finding much delight in learning the steps alongside
her.
(Perhaps the secrets still rankle.
With Sumire and Goro both, really. Haru hasn’t found the time to take them aside and air her
frustrations; why should she? Surely, Joker will have already done that more than enough.
Any of her own additions would just be redundant.
Though, she suspects her true grievances, when she cares to examine them, lie somewhere in
the realm of being considered an afterthought. Haru is almost certain that the answer to the
question What were you thinking? would be a sheepish I wasn’t, and a defensive sneer telling
her to mind her own business, respectively. Or maybe that’s uncharitable.
Not being thought about at all hurts as much as the possibility that all this was done with
targeted malice. Haru isn’t sure if either is true, but as long as she ignores it all, she doesn’t
know.)
Sumire has been avoiding her eyes all day.
Perhaps she ought to pay a visit to the both of them, sometime soon.

Chapter End Notes

i think, with that Ryuji POV in the middle there, that marks all the PT as having at least
one POV scene through the course of this fic. ...it means nothing beyond that i've gotten
to poke around in all their heads a bit, but hey! fun trivia lmao
and so marks the arc wherein i had to write two separate unique palaces. :) i haven't
gone crazy i promise

Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! just Death, today
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: hey Ren, remind me how many palaces you did last time?
Ren: uh... nine, if you count mementos?
Futaba: and how many are we doing this time
Ren: including the ones that not everyone was there for, we'll end up doing... maybe 13?
Futaba: are we sure we can't just throw your boyfriend to the wolves because that's a lot
of work

Chapter 81
Chapter Summary

facing -or sidestepping- problems, and some history

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire feels a bit awkward tailing Makoto and Ann as they wander home.
She isn’t tailing them, actually; they both know she’s there, and they’ve probably guessed
why she’s there, too, but no one’s saying anything, so Sumire is stuck fidgeting her hands
together as everyone keeps their thoughts to themselves.
She breathes a small sigh of relief as they arrive in what she assumes is Ann’s apartment.
“Um,” She pipes up, and Ann startles like she was thoroughly lost in her head, “Which room
is…?”
Ann deactivates the Nav as she waves a hand, “Down the hall. Second on the left. If he
doesn’t let you in, just barge in.”
Sumire will not be doing that. “Thank you.” She gives a short bow to Ann, and a wave to
both the Niijimas -including the bemused elder Niijima- and starts down the hall.
She knocks on the door.
“Yes?”
Sumire grimaces. Goro already sounds annoyed. “It’s me.”
There’s a sigh. “Come in, then.”
She pushes open the door, a bit relieved.
Goro snaps a book shut as she does, eyebrows already raised. “Did you need something?”
Sumire wilts slightly, “Can’t I just come by to say hello?”
“…Yes.” Goro admits with a grimace, “But are you?”
“I am.” Sumire says, just to be contrary. “Among other things.”

Goro snorts and rolls his eyes. “Right. I see.” He gestures vaguely to the empty expanse of
bed, “Take a seat.”
Sumire obliges, crossing her legs and shuffling to the centre.
“Tell me,” Goro leans forward to place his chin in his hand, “What was Maruki’s palace
like?”
It’s Sumire’s turn to grimace.
“Neither of us have a leg to stand on.” Goro continues at her silence, “So we should skip the
things we both already know.”
Skipping a lecture sounds wonderful, actually. And Sumire was never good at giving them,
herself.
“…Nothing really happened.” She eventually says. “Honest.” She adds, at Goro’s pointed
glare.
“Nothing.” He repeats.
“Nothing that we both don’t already know.” Sumire echoes in a mumble.
“What were you even looking for?” Goro sighs.
Well, isn’t that the question. “…I didn’t like that we were pushing it all back.” She admits, “I
like our plan. I think it’s good, and necessary,” She huffs, “I just wish we still had time to
deal with Doctor Maruki alongside it.”
Goro’s brow furrows, “And you were trying to do just that?
“No.” Sumire quickly shakes her head. “I just wanted to…” What? “Look.”
“Well.” Goro snorts, “I suppose I’m familiar with that feeling, at least.”
Sumire suddenly wonders if Niijima’s casino isn’t the only palace that Goro has taken to
haunting.
“Did you find anything?” Goro asks.
Only confirmation of the obvious. Only things she should have internalised months ago. Only
things she should have gotten over months ago.
“Not really.” Sumire says haltingly. “I don’t think Futaba-senpai found what she was looking
for, either.”
Goro’s face twists, “I think I can guess what she was after.”
Sumire hums, and bites her lip. Everything about Wakaba Isshiki seems like a thread she isn’t
allowed to pull at. She isn’t sure if she even wants to.

“How about you?” Sumire tugs at the sheets beneath her legs, “What were you looking for,
with…?” She looks pointedly at the door.
Goro scowls, “ I wasn’t. I’d explored her palace already, remember? Top to bottom. All I got
out of this were things I very explicitly didn’t care for.”
“Oh.” Sumire says, eloquently, “Aside from, um,” Getting arrested, being beaten and
drugged, “Did you sort everything out?”
Goro’s eyes flick to the side. “A bit, perhaps.”
That’s good, at least.
“I don’t know entirely what’s going to happen next.” Goro admits.
Sumire offers a tentative smile, “Well, how close are you to getting back into the fray, do you
think?”
Goro’s lips pull in something that’s almost a sneer, “Futaba asked me the same thing earlier
today.”
“And?”
“And I think if you don’t let me join you all soon,” Goro drawls, derisive, “Then I will be
following you and doing as I please anyway.”
Which, Sumire thinks, means that he is almost certainly not yet in a state where that would be
anywhere near advisable. She gives him an if you say so smile.
A proper sneer, now. Goro inspects his nails. “That aside. How have the palaces been?
You’ve scouted them both now, yes?”
“We have.” Sumire confirms, “They’re not so bad.”
“For now.”
“For now.” Sumire agrees. She chews at the inside of her cheek, “We’re going to have
uneven teams, I’ve realised.”
“If only there were a simple solution to that dilemma.” Goro deadpans.
Sumire tilts her head innocently, “Getting Niijima-san to awaken a persona?”
Goro scowls as Sumire giggles.
Maybe there really isn’t that much to unpack. The events of the last few days have been a
shroud, cloying and draped over Sumire’s thoughts and better judgement in a heavy cage.
But they both went wrong, didn’t they? It’s in Goro’s nature, and Sumire wonders if it’s in
her’s by now too; to dodge the issue, to find another path when they aren’t getting their way.

A bad habit, but, Sumire has had quite enough of not getting her way.
Maybe what they both already know truly doesn’t need to be reiterated.
There’s another knock on the door, and they both startle.
“…Come in?” Goro offers, wary.
The door creaks open, and Haru’s head of fluffy curls pokes through the gap.
“Oh,” She pushes open the door a bit more, “You’re both here.” She smiles, a bit strained,
“That’s good.”
Goro waves a hand at the remaining empty space on the bed, “A whole crowd. What a
pleasure.”
Haru’s expression lightens, and she moves to shuffle herself onto some of the empty bedding
space, “This is quite convenient, actually. I did want to speak to both of you.”
Maybe, Sumire amends, avoiding the issue is not an option. She supposes the primary
difference is that Haru does have a leg to stand on in any decision-making high ground that
she may try to claim.
“Go ahead.” Goro says flatly.
Haru stiffly clears her throat, as she rearranges herself to sit up a bit straighter, “I suppose I
wanted to ask…”
Sumire braces herself.
“Why didn’t either of you ask me to come with you?”
Oh.
“You aren’t mad?” Sumire blurts, “I mean, about…”
“I am.” Haru assures her, “Or,” She frowns, “I’m not… angry. I do think that what the both
of you did, and Ann-chan, Makoto-san, and Futaba-chan, was very foolish and dangerous.”
Sumire’s heard it all before. As her own internal monologue, mostly.
“But I also don’t think it would have taken much for me to have done much the same.” Haru
admits, a vaguely displeased frown set on her lips, “If you asked me to come with you, I
would have done it.” She huffs a laugh, “I think I would have found it quite exciting, going
behind everyone’s backs. I did before, when it was just us.”
Sumire did, too. Even with the looming threat of being found out, of being misunderstood,
she had fun.

“So why didn’t you ask me?” Haru repeats, her eyes flicking down as she knits her hands
together.
Goro is the first to speak, “If it’s any consolation, we didn’t ask Ann, either. She followed us,
and then we couldn’t get rid of her.”
“That isn’t much consolation, no.” Haru says mildly.
Goro hums.
“I think Futaba wanted to keep it a secret.” Sumire says.
“But did you?” Haru pushes.
Did she?
“…I thought anyone else would have tried to stop us.” Sumire plucks another excuse from
the air.
“I would have.” Goro agrees.
“Yes, well,” Haru says wearily, “We all know you’re a hypocrite.”
Goro barks a laugh at that. “Aren’t you in the middle of admitting to the same?”
Haru’s lips curl up, “I suppose I am.” She tilts her head, “It feels dishonest. I think I’m only
still in Ren-kun’s good graces because I haven’t run off and done something on my own.
Sakura-san’s too.”
“I don’t think he’s that mad.” Sumire says nervously, “Just worried.”
“Oh, he only has choice words for me it seems.” Goro clicks his tongue, and then turns to
Haru, “And did you speak with Sakura-san at some point?”
Haru nods uncomfortably, “Yes… he seemed to consider me one of the more responsible
among our number.”
Sumire laughs slightly. Haru does give off that aura, she supposes.
She rolls her lips together. “We haven’t ruined anything, have we?”
“What?” Goro gives her a look, “Like trust among thieves? Perhaps it’s only a sign of poor
leadership, that half of us have gone running off on our own.”
Haru sighs, but she seems amused, “I don’t think this will shatter so easily, Sumi-chan.”
It has before. But only when Ren is at the centre, it seems.
“The ones to keep an eye on are Sakura-san and Sae-san, I think.” Goro mutters, half to
himself.

Haru frowns, “They’re helping us, aren’t they?”
“For how long?” Goro turns to her, “And how selectively? ”
Ah. Sumire sees the issue.
Haru must too, as understanding dawns on her face. “…Money can get you quite far.” She
comments.
Goro snorts, “Is that your last resort?”
“One of.” Haru’s lips curl up, “I hope that it, or any others, will not be necessary.”
They won’t be, Sumire decides. That’s what all this convoluted mess of a plan is for, isn’t it?
Dragging Shido and all those that lift him up to be witnesses to each other and ensuring they
all drag each other down.
If anyone were to decide that even after Shido has gotten his dues that justice has not been
fully served, then…
…
(Sae wouldn’t do that, would she?)
Haru brushes off her skirt, and stands, “I think I’ve spoken my piece.”
“All of it?” Goro asks dubiously, eyebrow raised.
“Well…” Haru tilts her head, and taps at her chin in a familiar gesture. She smiles slyly,
“Next time either of you decide to do something foolish and destructive, consider taking me
with you.”
Sumire laughs, and Goro hides his grin behind a scoff. “We’ll keep that in mind.” He says,
and Sumire can only nod in agreement.
***
Makoto hadn’t seen Haru coming in, so running into her in the hallway comes as something
of a shock.
“Haru-san.” Makoto opens and closes her mouth, “Oh, were you here to see…?”
Haru seems a little startled herself, “Goro-kun? Yes, I was. Sumi-chan is here too.”
Makoto was aware of that, at least. She feels a bit bad for not being a particularly good host
on the way here, but the exhaustion of the past few days is beginning to dog at her heels.
“I was just on my way out.” Haru explains, “But I was hoping to catch you, actually.”
Makoto doesn’t wince. Her one-sided conversation with Ren the other day was painful on
many fronts, the largest being that the damage has already been done. Makoto can’t quite

bring herself to regret the action itself; only the consequences.
She is, frankly, amazed that her sister hasn’t also pulled her aside to chat about rummaging
through her palace just yet. Haru is getting a turn first, it seems.
Haru quickly rummages through the schoolbag at her side, and hands her a stack of paper, “I
photocopied all my notes from class, and the exercises we had to do. Sorry I took so long to
get these to you.”
Makoto blinks.
Oh. This is a much better conversation than she was envisioning.
She takes the papers, “Thank you.”
Haru gives that polite smile of hers, “I have some extra copies in there for Goro-kun too,
since you asked.”
Makoto had done that, yes. “Thank you.” She repeats, unsure what else to say.
Speaking with Haru is, as ever, never something Makoto can quite get used to. There always
seems to be just one more thing to wedge a gap between any attempts at being something
beyond just cordial.
Makoto dislikes how much each one thing appears to be some failing of hers, rather than of
Haru’s.
She tucks the paper under her arm, “Um- did you need me to walk you home…?”
Haru looks faintly bemused by the suggestion, “Well, I’ll be taking Mementos, so…”
So, no. So much for an olive branch.
“Unless you wanted to?” Haru tilts her head, “Did you wish to talk about something?”
“No.” Makoto says, stiff, “I was just offering.”
Haru hums.
Makoto silently curses her complete inability to navigate conversations where she’s on the
back foot. All of the other thieves she can, even clumsily, push her way through some
niceties, forging true connections bit by bit. Even Akechi, of all people, Makoto knows how
to deal with. She’ll take passive-aggressive arguments over whatever this is.
It’s that impenetrable wall. Makoto feels a kinship with whatever poor fools will have to talk
business with Haru in the future.
Haru gets something of a glimmer in her eye, “If you wanted to apologise for going off on
your own, I’m not sure I’m the person to say it to.”

“I’m not sorry.” Makoto blurts before she can bite it back.
“Oh.” Haru blinks, “I… didn’t think you’d say that.”
Neither did she. “Mm.”
“Well, I suppose I understand.” Haru sighs, and it’s Makoto’s turn again to be surprised, “I
don’t think anyone is really sorry, per se.”
Much to Ren’s chagrin, Makoto is sure. “Probably not.” She agrees. Why would they be?
They all knew what they were getting into.
Haru’s smile becomes a tad warmer, and she laughs under her breath, “If that’s all, in that
case?”
Makoto nods quickly, very grateful that she hasn’t completely ruined this. “I’ll see you next
we infiltrate the palaces.”
“I have a suspicion that we may be on different teams.” Haru says, “So I’m afraid we’ll be
seeing less of each other.”
What is that even supposed to imply.
General commentary on the situation? Johanna offers, which isn’t helpful in the slightest.
“…Maybe so.” Is what Makoto settles on as a response, “Good luck, in that case.”
“You as well.” Haru says with one final enigmatic smile, and she leaves for the living room,
presumably to be whisked away into Mementos thereafter.
Makoto’s shoulders slump the second she’s out of sight. What she did wrong or right this
time eludes her still.
***
Ren has a pretty good idea of how he’s going to divide the thieves.
It would be great, he can begrudgingly admit, if Goro were in action at the moment. Having
an uneven number of people is his greatest hangup at the moment.
Futaba, obviously, has to go to Sato’s palace. The entire place is practically made for her. No
doubt her skills and general knowledge will come in handy. Ryuji is in a similar boat. An
easy foundation.
If Futaba is at Sato’s, then Morgana, by process of elimination, has to go to Ooe’s. That then
spirals to Makoto having to go to Sato’s, too, since Ren won’t stand for having a team under
stocked on the healing front.
With the obvious out of the way, Ren has to start deliberating a little further.

Sumire would be a boon in either team, but Ren supposes her skill set would be put to better
use in Ooe’s palace, with its stronger shadows. Similarly, Haru would be an excellent heavyhitter for the team, and she and Sumire can trade between support and full assault seamlessly.
Which leaves Ann and Yusuke.
Ren supposes that really depends on where he himself is going to go. His instinct says Ooe, if
only for the additional firepower in a palace that is equally dangerous as Shido’s. Is that not
why he tested the party of himself, Mona, Violet, and Noir to begin with?
Then by that logic, Ann and Yusuke have to both go to Sato’s, just so that they’ll have a full
fighting party of four.
Two sets of balanced teams. Easy. Ren really expected to agonise more.
(But he is still agonising.
Makoto is the obvious choice for de facto leader of the other team. She has the presence, the
tactical skills, and the trust of all their friends, and she’s successfully done so in the past.
Minor complications of sudden black masks and reapers notwithstanding.
But does Ren still trust her?
What is he even suspicious of? He already knew she had an impulsive streak; so does Ren!
Hardly a reason to declare her unfit for leading. By that logic, none of the thieves are capable
leaders.
Despite the logic of it all, Ren finds himself irritated. At everyone, at no one in particular.
And, thus: square one.)
Ren rolls out his shoulders, and drafts a text to all the thieves telling them their assignments.
Rolling it around in his head to excess won’t manifest a solution. Nor will it miraculously
halve the number of palaces they need to tackle.
He hopes, dimly, and with a healthy dose of preemptive irony, that the Cleaner’s shadow
makes its home in Mementos.
***
It feels a bit wrong, not even meeting up with Ren and his half of the thieves before Futaba
and hers duck off to Sato’s palace. Too much effort to bother, she supposes. All they got was
a text detailing who was going where and the instruction to figure it out.
Futaba is, tentatively, a fair bit excited for this palace. It all seems right up her alley. Plus, it’s
a chance to show up this poser inside his own head. Always a bonus.
Makoto strides forward, a shadow of confidence jolting further up the rigid line of her spine
with each step she takes, “Alright. Our first order of business is to find both a map, and either
the passage or obstacle that will take us to the next floor.”

Futaba waves her hand up enthusiastically, “I’ll bet anything that it’ll be something to do
with the leaderboard!”
“’Prolly.” Ryuji agrees with a shrug. “Uhh, what about the map, thought?”
“Does anything stand out as a source of information, Oracle?” Yusuke asks as they enter the
lobby.
Futaba makes a face as they’re all hit with a blast of musty air conditioning. It reeks of arcade
in here. There’s a reason she prefers these kinds of games in the privacy of her own home.
“Not really. I think if we just wander around we’ll find stuff, though.”
“How directed.” Yusuke comments, and oh, why doesn’t he navigate for a change if he’s so
judgemental“Let’s check out the leaderboard again.” Makoto interjects, “Oracle and Skull are probably
right that it’s connected to our way forward.”
Futaba rolls her eyes, but obediently follows everyone forward to where the leaderboard is
nestled among the jumble of machines on the first floor, dodging shadows as they do. The
rankings are largely the same as last time, the only one that seems to receive any drastic
moves being MEDJED, still flitting up and down the board with an ever-changing score.
“Soo…” Ann puts a hand on her hip, “What? We just kick it off the wall?”
“…I don’t think that’s quite right.” Makoto says patiently.
Ann sticks out her tongue, “I was kidding! I don’t see a map nearby, but can you sense stairs
yet, Oracle?”
Good question. Futaba should probably be paying more attention to that. “Uh, hold on.” She
sends out a ping to Necronomicon, bringing up her violently green display to frown at the
topography she has noted thus far.
“I can, actually.” She says after a beat, “To the east!” She declares, having no idea if the
direction she’s pointing is actually east.
“Ohhh,” Ryuji hums as they approach the dot on Futaba’s map. Before them is an arcade
machine a fair bit larger than all the others in the lobby, unadorned with any flashy text or
lights, “We gotta kick that off the wall, then?”
“Maybe.” Futaba says, “I don’t think we can remove it; but I can definitely sense a way up
somewhere behind it.”
“If it’s a game,” Yusuke peers at it, “Then do we simply have to win to proceed?”
“What game is it?” Makoto asks, tilting her head curiously.
Futaba scowls at it, knocking at the blank metal, “No idea. We’d have to turn it on first.”

“Let’s not do that just yet.” Makoto says quickly, “We don’t know what will happen if we do
that.”
“Can we ask someone?” Ryuji says, head on a swivel.
Futaba taps at her display again, “There are some shadows nearby if you wanna question
‘em.”
Makoto nods, straightening her shoulders, “Let’s do that, then.”
Futaba takes that as her cue to let herself be pulled back and up by Necronomicon’s tentacles,
floating absently in the space afforded to her. She trails behind the others as Makoto leads
them to duck behind a series of arcade machines.
“There’s a shadow just ahead.” Futaba informs them, just in case Makoto can’t see it in the
dark.
“Got it.” Makoto affirms, and lunges forward.
She doesn’t have quite the same flourish that Joker has. She doesn’t bother leaping onto the
shadow’s back, or with show flips and spins of daggers. Instead, Queen’s approach is a welltimed roundhouse kick to the back of the shadow’s knees, grasping it by the shoulder, and
bashing its mask in with her brass knuckles.
Futaba always assumed that targeting the mask when starting a fight with a shadow had some
metaphorical-and-therefore-literal purpose, and this assumption holds true; ink-like sludge
bursts from the cracks in the shattered mask, as the rest of the shadow’s body pools beneath
it, spitting and bubbling.
Five of those match-wielding little girls burst to life, guarding their small fires with nearreverence.
Futaba whistles. “Five of ‘em. But, remember! They’re weak to ice!”
Yusuke, quick on his feet, is luckily first to act. He wastes no time in pulling away his own
mask to send a burst of ice across the field that shatters once, twice, three times, knocking
down all five of the shadows as the cold sets in. Ann yelps and dodges from some of the
accidental friendly fire (Or, ha, Futaba laughs to herself, ice, ) that skims by her a little too
closely, before she scampers forward with the others to surround their fallen foes.
Makoto’s aim is steady, “Let’s keep this quick.” Futaba hears louder through the psychic link,
“If you talk, you’ll leave with your lives.”
Futaba has no doubt that that’s an out-and-out lie, but Queen certainly sells it well. “Pplease!” The shadow closest to her babbles, “Spare us!”
Repetitive little things, shadows. “How can we progress to the floor above us?” Queen
demands.

“Only those who can begin to hold a candle to Lord Sato may proceed.” The shadow says
coolly, some of its fear forgotten.
Makoto jerks her head towards the blank arcade machine, not so far away, “And how does
that come into play?”
“The only way to proceed is to prove your skill.” The shadow explains, seemingly more
entranced with its own fire than with the conversation at hand, “That is where you may do the
proving.”
“And not any o’ the other machines?” Ryuji asks with narrowed eyes.
The shadow looks up briefly, “You may prove your value according to Lord Sato’s designs, or
not at all.”
“I see.” Makoto nods slowly, and tilts her head, “Well. Thank you.”
The shadow clocks back into the conversation, “May we go free now-”
The shadows are torn apart before the first can even finish its plea for escape.
Ann makes a face as they all circle up in the now shadow-less area, Futaba dropping down
from Necronomicon. “Always feels a bit slimy when we do that.”
“Well, we get money n’ stuff.” Ryuji points out, picking the aforementioned cash off the
ground where the shadows once stood, “That feels pretty good.”
“That aside,” Makoto grimaces, “It looks like our only option is to contend with the
unmarked game.”
Yusuke is already standing back over by the machine as Makoto makes this declaration, and
Futaba quickly jogs over. “Try not to get electrocuted, Inari.” She mutters.
Yusuke, predictably, looks very affronted by this, “I’m not a fool.”
Futaba sticks out her tongue, and goes hunting for the on switch along the side of the
machine. She makes a sound of triumph as she finds it, tucked behind a seamless panel in the
metal, and gives it a good flick.
Ryuji’s baffled "..huh” Probably should have been her first red flag.
“What?” Futaba scurries back around to the front, “What is it?”
“Pong.” Ann reads out, “Uh, isn’t that, like…?”
“Pong?!” Futaba bursts out, “Pong? Seriously?”
Makoto looks a bit lost, “Is there something wrong with Pong? Is it notoriously difficult?”
Ryuji looks amused at the question. “Nah.” He snickers, “S’just real old.”

“Real old.” Futaba mocks. “Try the first video game ever made. Why the hell is Pong our
test of skill?”
Yusuke tilts his head, closing one eye and framing the arcade machine, “Perhaps Sato is a fan
of the history of his interests?”
“Maybe?” Ann shrugs. She looks between Futaba and Ryuji, “Are either of you good at
Pong?”
“Dunno.” Ryuji leans against his metal pipe, “Never played.”
“Oh.” Makoto looks a bit thrown by the admission. “…Oracle?”
“Me either.” Futaba admits sullenly, “I’d probably be good at it, though.”
“Oh, confident, huh?” Ryuji drawls with a raised brow.
Futaba huffs, and crosses her arms, “I’m good at basically every game!”
“Basically?”
“Mostly!” Futaba amends, “My learning curve is always really squished on the x-axis.”
Ryuji just looks confused by that, but Makoto seems to get the gist, “So you’re confident you
could carry us through this?”
Futaba can privately admit that the thought of having to win at something she’s never even
touched is daunting. But it’s Pong. Table tennis, but better, because it isn’t real.
“I’m confident.” Futaba says grandly, stretching the truth just a smidge, “But I wouldn’t shirk
all responsibility just yet,” She adds, “I don’t trust that there isn’t an extra layer to this.”
Makoto presses her lips together, “That’s true…” She deliberates for a moment, before giving
a firm nod, “Well, Oracle, We’ll leave the game to you. Everyone else, get in formation.”
The team obliges, weapons at the ready and a hint of blue fire flitting around their masks.
Futaba puffs out her cheeks, and turns to the machine. It’s higher than she would have
preferred, suddenly very grateful for the built-in platforms in her shoes. Giving a once-over
of the controls, she confirms that it’s a single-player version of the game. That’s for the besthaving to compete amongst teammates probably would have just complicated things.
As she ghosts a hand over the rotating ball controller, the screen flashes.
Enter Name_
Well, MEDJED is already taken… and Alibaba seems a bit too singular…
PHNTM THVS, Futaba enters, a smirk pulling at her lips as she ignores Ryuji’s snort, and
presses confirm.

And, the game boots up.
Futaba had hoped that there would maybe be a bit more fanfare than this, but the underlying
truth is that this is a game of Pong. The primary reason that she’s never played such a
foundational piece of culture is that it’s two lines and a ball on a screen. The promise of
historical and cultural implications can only take something so far.
“…Having fun?” Yusuke asks after thirty seconds of intermittent beeping from the machine
as Futaba aces this game“Shut up Inari.” Futaba quickly responds as she very nearly misses hitting the ball. “You’re
ruining my flow.” She nearly misses again. “And my concentration.”
She can hear the pout and eye roll even with her back turned.
“How long do you think you have to play for?” Ann asks, which Futaba ignores.
“Presumably,” Makoto answers in her stead, “Until she racks up a high enough score to be
deemed worthy. ”
“But that be forever, though!” Ryuji points out, “Couldn’t this asshole just decide you need
infinity points to progress?”
“Potentially, yes.” Yusuke hums, “But the scoreboard we saw did have explicit numerical
values attributed to each of the participants.”
“True. The only issue is that we don’t know how high up we need to be to get to the next
floor.” Makoto sighs. “We could be here for a while.”
Futaba misses the ball.
Ann yelps, and Futaba grimaces at the squelching sound that accompanies a shadow bursting
to life sounds behind her. A large coffin, with a pair of eyes and a spindly hand peeking out
from the cracked opening.
“What the eff?!” Ryuji complains.
“It sped up!” Futaba leaps to defend herself, “Ugh- just, hold on- I’ll navigate-”
The game restarts automatically, and the ball is quickly thrown into the void as Futaba
scrambles for her mask.
Another shadow bursts to life, same as the first. Makoto pointedly bashes her knuckles
together, “Just play the game!”
“Alright!” Futaba squeaks, whirling back around, barely managing to catch the ball as the
game automatically restarts again.
Futaba stands by the assessment that Pong is not a particularly interesting, nor difficult,
game.

“-Persona!” Ann shouts, and Futaba cringes away from the sudden wave of heatIt’s just that really, humans only have so fast of a reaction time. Futaba will boast that hers is
better than average, but accompanying that with hand-eye coordination and a lack of
practice-There’s a shout, “Wh- Fox?! Are you okay?!” coupled with a squeak of something that
sounds like a mouse that Futaba decides isn’t her business even if she wasn’t preoccupied-Means that there’s a lot of small losses to be made from the light on the screen to the
movement in her hand that makes for a disadvantageous position to be in. Not to mention the
fact that the game gets progressively faster-There’s another squeak, and a blast of ice, meaning that Yusuke is probably fine actually-Which means that at some point, it’d be physically impossible for Futaba to keep up at all.
Not good game design, in her opinion. Scripted losses should be used sparingly and the sting
of being railroaded sweetened with the promise of a great story beat, of which Pong has
none-Another squeak, and a poof.
“…Please ex-squeak the misstep-”
“Not now, Fox!”
-Pretty big strike against the game, honestly. If people still cared, Futaba isn’t sure she’d be
able to recommend it.
She puffs out her cheeks as she misses the ball again.
“Can I play?!” Ryuji demands as another coffin shadow bursts to life.
“Absolutely not!” Futaba protests, “I have practice now!”
“Put it to good use, then!” Makoto calls back, which, oh, sure,
Now Futaba really knows what she’s doing. Mostly. The game starts up again, and she
immediately focuses.
The sounds of the fight behind her continues, as the thieves scramble to deal with the three
shadows that her mistakes have unfortunately brought to life. There’s another squeak as
someone else is presumably turned into a mouse, and Futaba really hopes they can live
without a navigator. She’d tell them these guys are weak to wind, but unfortunately they
don’t have anyone that can use wind.
So, brute force. As is similar to the method that Futaba needs to take with this stupid game.
She’d ask someone to keep an eye on the leaderboard to see if her chosen name is creeping
up on the lower rankings. Unfortunately: transmogrifying shadows. Those tend to take
priority.

“Got one!” Ann cheers as another wave of heat washes across the field, and Futaba focuses a
little further.
Just logically, it’s absurd to assume that Sato would require a number one ranking only to
progress to the second floor. No, that sounds like the kind of thing they’re going to have to
pull off in the final battle. It would be more strategically sound, sure, to have an absurd
number of roadblocks at just the first hurdle; but palaces aren’t built on strategy. Sato, an
apparent avid fan of games and their tropes, will be beholden to the same tropes in his head
because that’s what makes sense.
Great for Futaba. It just means she has to power through long enough to meet the hopefully
reasonable requirements.
“Another one down!” Ryuji calls with a whoop and a crash of lightning.
One left, Futaba notes even if she isn’t navigating. “Good job!” She throws out absently.
“Thanks!”
Back to the thought she was on, Futaba ponders what a reasonable requirement would
quantify as. This place isn’t real, so the leaderboard isn’t actually drawing from anything.
Being in the top five in a race of only six people isn’t exactly impressive.
But there aren’t only six people on that board. A lot of the names were of no note, but Futaba
recalls… what, twenty? At least. Maybe more. And that only means that twenty-ish people
were listed; there could be any number of cognitive fodder that Sato deems necessary for
numerical fluff, but not granted a space of honour on the leaderboard.
So do they have to make it on the rankings?
“Johanna!”
“It’s almost finished!”
Or, do they have to hit some unspecified number that Futaba couldn’t hope to guess?
…This game is getting really fast.
“Done!” Makoto crows with triumph, as the last shadow is turned to dust.
And, simultaneously,
Level Clear! The machine announces.
Futaba stares, hands hovering nervously over the controls.
Top 100 ranking achieved! It continues as it slides to the side, revealing the stairs once
hidden, PHNTM THVS may proceed to Floor 2.
Oh.

Top 100. Cool.
Futaba slumps with relief, and weakly pumps her fist in the air.
Ryuji claps her on the back, “Nice!”
“And you doubted me.” Futaba crosses her arms.
“Well, you effed it up three times.” Ryuji points out cheerfully, which is very unnecessary.
Futaba waves him off, “Yeah, yeah.”
“Good.” Makoto declares, a bit out of breath, “Good job, Oracle.” She pushes out a long sigh,
“Is there a safe room nearby? I think that’s enough excitement for one day.”
“Oh, right-” Yes. Navigator mode. Futaba quickly pulls up her display. “Just up the stairs,
actually. We won’t even have to interact with anything on the next floor if we don’t want to.”
Makoto nods, “That’s for the best, I think.”
“We calling it?” Ann cocks her head.
“I think we should.” Makoto threads her hands together, “We’ve made progress. Unless there
are any objections?”
“None.” Yusuke says, and everyone else echoes their agreement.
***
(On their way out, Futaba has a thought:
If this guy, as Akechi so implied, was a major player in making sure her mom’s research was
scrubbed from any public database, did he ever read it?)
“Oracle?” Ann calls after her as they prepare to melt into Mementos, “You good?”
“Yeah.” Futaba says, eyes lingering on the towering arcade, “Just fine.”
***
Akechi, Sae decides, remains an enigma.
“Moriyama?” She asks, tapping at the next name in the list the younger Sakura had
bequeathed them.
Akechi leans forward to check the given name. “Clean.” He decides. After a beat, he adds:
“Or, I just don’t remember him.”
Sae hums, and starts again down the list.

Maybe he’ll always remain an enigma. She never quite knew what to feel about him even
before it turned out he had a body count, and recent revelations have done nothing to settle
her mind.
A part of her, clinical and detached, can’t help but see this as a case study. Criminality;
something that she usually can only observe with a separation of professionalism, yet she’s
now found herself wading waist-deep into the tangled mess that Akechi and the thieves live
in.
She eyes the next name. “Sasaki?”
Akechi gives her a derisive look. “Must you bother asking?”
It helps that he’s categorically an asshole now. Certainly not with tolerating him, but at least
with separating the versions of him that Sae knows into boxes in her head. The first: passive
aggressive, hidden so thoroughly with a sheen of starry-eyed idealist that she wondered if she
entirely imagined the slights tossed her way. The second: unapologetically crass, each barb
and thorn angled to be as grating as possible.
Upon further consideration, Sae muses as Akechi’s lips purse together in a way that almost
seems childish as he concentrates, perhaps the compartmentalisation will only do more
damage for her perception in the long run.
“How much did you cross paths with these people in your work? Especially recently?”
Akechi asks, tapping at the list they’ve accumulated of Shido’s conspirators.
“On occasion.” Sae admits. “No more or less than those not in Shido’s web.”
“I see.” Is all Akechi says.
Sae eyes the next name. “Sato?”
“I believe so, yes.”
Sae hums, unsurprised. The man had boasted about being present for Akechi’s arrest, after
all. “Any relation to the Sato whose palace Makoto mentioned exploring today?”
“None.” Akechi says confidently. “Common name.”
Sae knows that. “I’m well aware.”
Akechi’s lips twitch up.
Irritating.
But that isn’t so different from before. He’s just less coy about it now.
According to Akechi, Sae already had a habit of seeing through him. She can’t quite decide if
she agrees. How much was she meant to see, really? Was she really so sharp, or was Akechi
just transparent?

She, tentatively, leans towards the former. She ought not to inflate her pride any further; but
for all the enigma that Akechi is making of himself, it seems awfully clear that he despises
being so easily read.
Or is it that he hates being read incorrectly? Or when it’s inconvenient? Maybe he’s never
happy.
Sae thinks she might be on the money as Akechi’s furrowed brow morphs into a scowl.
“You’re staring.” He comments without looking up.
“I am.” She agrees. May as well give him a taste of his own medicine.
His nose scrunches. “Why.”
Sae feels a smirk pulling at her lips. “Trying to read your mind.”
Akechi gives her a thoroughly unimpressed look. Sae suppresses a laugh.
Akechi’s eyes fall back to the table, “What are you planning to do with all this information?
Surely you don’t intend to prosecute half the justice system? And what about the people who
aren’t under Shido’s thumb? Just because they’re not part of a conspiracy doesn’t mean
they’re saints.”
“I can try.” She says, grim.
“Hm.” Is all Akechi offers. Sae can’t tell if he’s impressed or if he thinks she’s a fool.
She supposes she can’t fault him, if he thinks so. She half thinks it herself.
“Better than doing nothing.” She says to the unspoken criticism.
“I didn’t say anything.” Akechi says flatly.
“You were thinking it very loudly.”
Akechi snorts. “That’s what you get for trying to read my mind.”
Sae rolls her eyes, but that laugh she had tried to bury does manage to spill from her lips.
It feels normal, almost.
Is it allowed to feel normal?
There has to be something wrong with her, if she allows the knowledge of Akechi’s bloody
hands to strengthen their relationship.
When the lies are gone, she wonders, what is left?
Something normal, maybe.

Akechi gives her a look, like he’s about to call Sae out for staring again.
She huffs, and gets back to work.
Something normal, indeed.

Chapter End Notes

mandatory mouse pun. i've hit my quota
anyway woah hey it's the middle of january. enjoy your one last month of weekly
updates before i become very busy again hfkdjfhs
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! alas! none! bmtrio get an honourary rank 11 i guess
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: So what did you guys have to do to progress through palaces? I had to leave a
trail of blood and destruction and leave my sanity at the door
Ren: we played spot the difference

Futaba: we played Pong
Ren: but i guess the trail of blood and desctruction sounds fun too

Chapter 82
Chapter Summary

Award ceremonies, and phone calls.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ooe’s palace is as bright and flashy as it was the day prior. Sumire thinks she’s going to have
spots burned into her eyes after this.
“Alright.” Joker clicks his tongue as his eyes dart between their team of four and the looming
form of the theatre-esque palace. “Mona? You remember where to head?”
Mona sniffs the air, “Yeah. Oracle pointed out a door or something, right?”
“But we need tickets…” Noir hums.
“There isn’t a ticket stand, is there?” Sumire asks, perhaps a bit too hopeful.
Joker gives the field another once-over. “Nope.” He determines with a pop.
“Then…” Sumire gives an awkward smile, “…Can we steal one?”
“Or four.” Mona adds.
Noir tilts her head, “It does seem to be just cognitions that have them.” She points towards
the small entryway, entirely overshadowed by the larger entrance led up to by the red carpet,
where cognitions in gaudy attire present a small golden slip to a shadow acting as a bouncer.
“It would be far easier to steal from them than, say, a shadow.”
“True.” Joker concedes. “Or we could ask where they got theirs.”
They could also do that, yes.
Joker leads the charge on that front.
“Excuse me!” He calls to a cognition clutching a ticket in his hands, affecting a bright grin,
“Sorry to disturb you.”
The cognition, dressed in a three piece suite, cocks his head, “What is it?”
“I was just wondering where you got those tickets of yours.” Joker says smoothly, “My
friends and I were hoping to catch a glimpse of the ceremony proper, you see.”

The cognition turns up his nose, “Ah. I’m afraid you might be out of luck, boy.”
Joker’s smile stays fixed in place, “Oh?”
“Only those of…” The cognition clicks his tongue, “Proper accomplishments, are invited
inside.”
“Excuse me, sir,” Noir quickly steps forward, politely removing her hat, “What would be the
minimum requirements, in that case?”
The cognition scoffs, “What? Are you hoping to earn a Nobel prize in the next twenty
minutes?”
“…Does Ooe have a Nobel prize?” Mona whispers to Sumire dubiously.
“I highly doubt it.” Sumire whispers back.
Noir chuckles airily, “No, of course not. It’s simply that- oh!” She feigns surprise, “I’m sorry,
I haven’t properly introduced myself, have I? My name is Haru Okumura.”
The cognition’s eyes widen warily, “Okumura…?”
“Yes.” Noir smiles, “You’ve heard of my family, I take it?”
The cognition’s expression sours, “Oh, your family. Of course.”
“She’s set to be the next CEO of the family business, soon.” Joker quickly adds. “At just
eighteen.”
The cognition looks mildly more interested at that, “Is that so?
Noir catches on, “Yes. I’m hoping to study business next year as well, after I graduate high
school.” She gives another airy chuckle, “There’s nothing quite like practical experiences
when it comes to academia, yes?”
A business deal laugh. Sumire grimaces slightly.
“Well, I wish you luck.” The cognition hums, “I’m afraid I’ve no idea where to acquire a
ticket though.”
Joker blinks, “But, you have one-”
“Thank you for your time.” Noir cuts him off, and quickly pulls him back to Sumire and
Mona.
“Wh- hey!” Joker splutters, “What is it?” He says with a tad more composure as Noir lets go
of him.
“He served his purpose.” She explains primly, and pulls something out of her pocket.
It’s-

“A ticket?” Sumire gapes at the golden slip of paper in Noir’s hand.
“Did you steal it?” Joker asks, “Smooth.”
Noir huffs a laugh, “No. I felt a weight manifest in my pockets as we talked, and I had a
hunch.”
“Oh…” Mona drawls out, “I think I get it.”
“You do?” Sumire tilts her head.
“It looks like Ooe here places a lot of value in personal accomplishments.” Mona explains,
folding his arms, “That cognition almost lost interest when you tried to play the family card,
Noir; did you notice?”
“Right…” Noir hums, turning the ticket over in her hands.
“This palace is one big awards ceremony.” Mona reminds them, “Ooe is definitely the main
event here, but it looks like he can appreciate people who are self-made.”
“It’s what he thinks he is.” Joker finishes.
“Is he?” Sumire asks.
Joker shrugs, “No idea. Skull did the most research on him, but he just said the guy was
annoying.”
Noir laughs, “Well, that’s probably true.” Her expression becomes more serious, “But, more
importantly, we know how to acquire tickets, now.”
“By convincing the palace we deserve one?” Sumire says, and frowns, “Um, I guess I could
bring up my gymnastics with some of these guys… but I’m not sure if that would be
enough.” She hasn’t exactly been on a winning streak.
Joker snorts, “Better than what Mona and I have got. Think we can boast about being thieves
without freaking everyone out?”
“I think that would just land us in trouble.” Mona says drily.
“ Do we have to steal some, then?” Sumire asks, unsure how exactly that would work. If the
palace just granted Noir one without her having physically been handed it, then does that
mean any ticket they steal would be rendered inert simply by being in their hands?
“Maybe not.” Joker says, sounding distracted. He turns to Noir, “Think we can be your plus
ones?”
Noir cocks her head, “…Like my servants?”
“Whatever works.” Joker waves a hand, “You’ve already revealed yourself as Haru
Okumura. Ooe should know you’re rich, so you dragging a couple of servants in tow

probably wouldn’t raise any alarms.”
“I suppose I can… try.” Noir says haltingly.
Sumire gives her an encouraging smile, and falls into step with the others as Noir puts her hat
back on her head, and strides towards the shadow guarding the door.
“Excuse me.” She says. She doesn’t name her request, but rather stares the shadow down
until it makes the first move.
“Ticket.” Is all the shadow says, holding out a hand.
Noir dutifully hands her ticket over, the gold vanishing into the liquid palm of the shadow.
The shadow turns expectantly to the remaining three of them.
“They’re with me.” Noir quickly cuts in, “My servants. They can enter too, yes?”
The shadow stares at them, appraising, before giving a slow nod, and stepping aside. Sumire
quickly starts forward, crossing the threshold with the others before the shadow or palace can
change its mind.
“You,” Mona says quietly, “Are going to be very valuable for this palace, Noir.”
Noir giggles, now out of earshot from the shadow, “Thank you very much, Mona-chan. But
I’m sure I won’t be doing all the work.”
Sumire laughs under her breath, and turns to face the room they’ve just entered.
The interior of the palace is just as grand and ostentatious as the exterior. The red carpet
continues, as predicted, in here as well, twisting around a corner and out of sight; still, no one
sets foot on it.
A pleasant warm light is cast from crystal chandeliers above, as cognitive guests mingle and
chatter, clinking glasses and snacking on food carted about by shadows. In Sumire’s opinion,
it looks more like a ballroom than the lobby for a ceremony. But, she supposes Ooe has
proven himself an all-or-nothing type of man.
“This is still the entrance…” Mona comments, “Sort of.”
“I’m guessing the treasure isn’t in here?” Joker asks, with a tad too much hope to be dry.
“Sure isn’t!” Mona confirms, “But it looks like the red carpet leads to other rooms.”
Noir hums, pressing her lips together, “It does… but it takes up the entire hall leading further
in.”
“I still wouldn’t set foot on it.” Mona warns, “I’m guessing that part of the floor will always
be off-limits for us. Unless we want to ring every alarm in the palace.”

“Of course.” Joker sighs. “Well, we need to find-”
He’s interrupted by a sudden commotion further in the room, towards the carpet. Sumire
stands on her toes, trying to catch a glimpse, not gaining much height over her heels.
What she does manage to see, though, is that the commotion’s source is on the carpet.
Flanked by two faceless shadows, a man in a crisp suit struts from the hallway inaccessible to
the rest of them. Two golden eyes are set in his face, beacons visible even from through the
crowds.
The myriad cognitions all start cheering and whispering up a storm, getting as close to the
carpet as they themselves dare. Even over the chorus, Sumire can hear the shadow Ooe
tittering a showy laugh, exchanging vague pleasantries with the people gushing their
admiration from a respectable distance away.
Joker nods for them to shove their way forward, grimacing as he gets elbowed. Sumire nearly
falls into a split to dodge an elbow of her own.
Before they can get particularly far, Ooe gives a royal wave, taking a step back.
“He can’t leave yet.” Joker hisses, “We need to talk to him.”
“What for?” Noir whispers as they duck and weave between cognitions, moving towards the
red carpet where Ooe is in the midst of turning on his heel.
“Progress. Information. Anything.” Joker recites, “Meeting a palace ruler always gets us
somewhere, for better or worse.”
Sumire darts forward.
“M-Mr Ooe!” She calls out, joining the crowd of cognitions as the shadow turns to leave.
“Ah.” The shadow sighs, “One more thing, is it? I’ve places to be.”
“Of course.” Sumire hurriedly gets her words out, tripping to a stop at the edge of the carpet,
“But, um, I just wanted to introduce myself. I’ve seen your interviews a few times in person.”
She has not, in fact. Political interviews were never of any interest to her, so neither she nor
Kasumi ever asked to tag along to those ones. She isn’t even sure if Ooe has ever appeared on
Good Morning Japan at all, but if his palace is the entire station, then surely, right?
“My dad is the director of Good Morning Japan,” Sumire continues explaining, “You might
remember him?”
Ooe’s shadow narrows his eyes, “Yes… Yoshizawa was it? Oh!” He snaps his fingers, “The
twins, yes. He’s mentioned you to me.”
“Really?” Sumire squeaks. Does her dad go boasting about his daughters to everyone he
interviews? She hopes not.

Focus.
Right. Yes. “Well, I just wanted to say how…” She grasps for an adjective, “ Grand this
ceremony is. And in just the lobby, too!”
The shadow smirks, puffing out his chest, “Quite so. I’m happy to hear you’re enjoying
yourself. Perhaps you might be able to see some of the smaller presentations in here. I’ll put
in a good word.”
So that’s how it’s going to work, is it? “I was actually wondering if there might be a way
further in?” Sumire asks, trying for assertive, “It’s just- I would hardly want to miss seeing
you get your award, Mr Ooe…”
Ooe’s nose wrinkles, “Well, there is more to the ceremony… It’s for those deserving of
awards themselves, you see.”
Of course it is.
“I’m deeply sorry Yoshizawa-san,” Ooe says, in a way that makes it clear he is not, “But I’m
afraid you wouldn’t pass muster.”
No, why would she?
“Mr Ooe.” Joker speaks up, shoving past a cognition, “Is there really no other way forward?
It seems awfully modest, for so people to be given access to see you being given your various
awards in person.”
“Who the hell are you?” Ooe glares, clearly not thrilled at the interjection, “I’ve already told
you, no.” He looks between the two of them, like he’s just registered their appearances, “And
what are you wearing?”
Noir and Mona catch up behind them as the shadow’s eyes narrow, “Those masks…” Noir
immediately ducks her face beneath her hat.
That can’t be good. “Mr Ooe-” Sumire starts.
The shadow Ooe cuts her off with a gasp, “Thieves! Is that why you want to be granted
higher clearance? Get out!” He whirls to the two shadows at his side, “Take them away!”
The shadows’ forms burst to oil immediately, and Ooe takes the opportunity to hurry away,
sharply turning the corner that the red carpet leads beyond with a glare tossed over his
shoulder.
(There’s a waver, a ripple; it nearly makes Sumire fall over before it quickly passes, leaving
her wondering if she even experienced the sensation at all)
Joker sighs, and flicks his dagger out of its sheath. Sumire quickly draws her sword, and
hears Noir and Mona do much the same behind them.

The shadows reform, leaving two many-headed snakes all tangled together in the oil’s wake.
At least twenty separate heads hiss and snap, “OUR LORD COMMANDS YOUR EXIT.”
(That ripple again, as things feel slightly off-kilter. Barely there at all, weaker than the first.
Sumire can’t even tell if the others feel it at all.)
“I remember these guys.” Joker hums, shifting into a fighting stance, “Some psychokinesis
should do it.”
“Will it, now?” Noir says as she rips away her mask.
Bursts of blue flame give way to twisting purples, pulsing jaggedly against the two bundles
of snakes. The pair of shadows hiss, their many heads wilting. Sumire hesitates as Joker calls
for an all out attack, seeing the shadows sit squarely in the centre of the red carpet, but does
away with the feeling as the others leap forward despite it.
They carve and bludgeon the shadows to dust, ignoring the panicked screams of the
cognitions around them as they land back on the tile.
(The ripple fades entirely.)
Mona gives Joker a look, “The security level is through the roof.”
“It was going to be anyway. ” Joker protests, “We pissed Ooe off. Touching his precious
carpet wasn’t going to change much.”
There’s an oppressive red haze to the corners of Sumire’s vision; what were once calmly
swirling fractals now angry and sharp. “…Is it safe to keep exploring the palace like this?”
Joker sighs, and relents: “No. We should head back.”
“We did make some progress.” Noir says placatingly.
“We just don’t know how to get any further.” Mona rains on her parade.
Joker waves a hand, “Tomorrow's problem.” He decides.
Sumire would rather there be no problem at all.
***
There’s one last thing that Akechi finds himself caught on.
Futaba wasn’t wrong that his arrest at the courthouse was disconcerting. The myriad obvious
reasons as such aside, the fact that Shido knew to be there doesn’t add up.
Maybe Wakaba did have some notes on the subject. But that’s conjecture at best. If he’s
going all in on wild suspicions, he may as well consider the possibility that Yaldabaoth
informed Shido directly where to place his mousetrap.

Which, the more that Akechi thinks on it, isn’t entirely impossible.
Could it have been a lucky guess? Really? That’s the best case scenario, but it’s one hell of a
guess. It’d be throwing darts at a board blindfolded, with the dartboard darting around the
room at random. Shido would have no knowledge of where Sae’s palace would be, nor
should he have been able to confirm that she would be a target of the Phantom Thieves now
that Akechi has defected.
Shido has been known to dabble in gambling, but he rarely does so without assured
confidence in his hand first.
Some further research is in order. Shido can’t catch them in the Metaverse, for now, but that’s
already been proven to be not nearly enough assurance.
(And, if he can tell where they’re infiltrating, who’s to say he won’t pinpoint Leblanc, and
Ann’s apartment, all the residences of the remaining Thieves?
It wouldn’t take a genius to decipher what they might be doing at the Diet Building once the
time comes, and Shido is far from a fool.)
“Sae-san.” Akechi walks into the living room, ignoring Makoto’s raised eyebrow as he does.
“Can I borrow my phone?”
Akechi hadn’t quite realised it at the time, but lending Sae his burner phone in case of
emergency has come with it a secondary consequence that no one, least of all Sae herself, had
been quick to point out.
The most obvious being that, until he gets a replacement, he once again requires a proxy to
communicate with anyone not living in Ann’s apartment. The second, and far more irritating,
is that he also currently requires a proxy to access the Metaverse. Short of stealing someone
else’s phone, going into the Metaverse unsupervised is an impossibility.
He hadn’t been planning to, of course. But it grates that the option has been taken away.
“What for?” Makoto asks, her eyebrows hiking higher, clearly very cognisant of Akechi’s
predicament and drawing the wrong conclusion.
“I need to speak with Oracle.” Akechi says, nose wrinkling, “With some privacy, preferably.”
Makoto’s suspicious glare drops, “Oh, well…”
Sae digs around in her pocket, “Here.” She doesn’t quite let go immediately as Akechi takes
the proffered phone, “…You’ll give it back, yes? I might still need it.”
Akechi rolls his eyes. How subtle. With them both under house arrest, Sae needs it exactly as
much as Akechi does. “Of course.” He says anyway, seeing no need to pick a fight.
Sae lets him go without resistance after that, and Akechi closes the door to his room shut
behind him. He scrolls through the sparsely labelled contacts, and presses the call button.

“Uh,” Is Futaba’s first response upon picking up, “Is this… Niijima?”
“No.” Akechi says curtly, “I borrowed my phone back.”
“Sure you didn’t steal it back?”
“Quite sure.” Akechi sniffs, “It wouldn’t be a very smart move, with me being the only
logical suspect.”
Futaba hums, “True, true. So? Whaddya need?”
Her voice is tentative, which Akechi ignores. “I’ve thought some more about our discussion
the other day.”
“Oh?” She sounds more alert now, a sardonic lilt creeping into her voice, “What? Did you
miraculously remember something about what mom was researching?”
Akechi sneers, “No.”
“Worth a shot.” She fires back coolly.
“We have a deal.” Akechi reminds her, “But, I’ve had an idea.”
“Yeah?”
“We have no way of knowing our enemy’s hand.” Akechi measures out, “Now that none of
us are in any contact with Shido or his co-conspirators, we can’t rely on subterfuge to try and
needle information out.”
“So you wanna know how he knew where to find you guys.” Futaba deduces, “Have you
narrowed it down?”
“Not at all.” Akechi admits, “There’s something that’s throwing me off.”
“Aside from the obvious?”
Akechi snorts, “Yes. He knew where to find us at the courthouse, but -correct me if I’m
wrong- you and Sumire were at Maruki’s palace simultaneously, weren’t you?”
“Oh. ” Futaba pauses, and adds, with a slight waver, “I hadn’t thought about that.”
The possibility of Futaba and Sumire being caught unawares in Odaiba is as unsettling to
Akechi as he’s sure it is to Futaba herself.
“So that would rule out him knowing where we enter and exit, right?” Futaba mutters, “But,
no, it wouldn’t- Sumire and I weren’t kicked out of the Metaverse; we left in the mid
afternoon. Maybe Shido did send people there and we just missed them,”
“Or he considered the courthouse palace a more pressing matter.” Even if Shido didn’t
connect the location to Sae, it wouldn’t be a stretch for him to have thought of the SIU

director when presented with the location. “Is that something you can check?”
“If people were lurking around?” Futaba finishes, “I guess I could fish for CCTV footage
and stuff. There isn’t a lot of that at the stadium, though. It’s still a construction site.”
“Check the TV studio and the SatoTech tower, then.” Akechi waves a dismissive hand at
nothing. “We’ll be able to tell if this wasn’t a fluke.”
“Assuming his guys stand out, you mean.” Futaba counters, “If Shido’s smart about it, they
might not be wandering around in cop uniforms and shady suits.”
Shido does, unfortunately, possess a modicum of intelligence.
“It’s still worth a shot.” Akechi echoes.
Futaba scoffs, “Yeah, yeah. I didn’t say it wasn’t! I just hope we actually turn up results.”
Getting the confirmation would be nice, Akechi agrees. You can’t prove a negative, after all.
But at the same time, getting confirmation would carry some unfortunate implications.
“You have been using Mementos to access Sato and Ooe’s palaces, yes?” Akechi asks.
“Of course!” Futaba clicks her tongue, “Who do you think we are! Our days of very
obviously crowding together in public as a herd of suspicious teenagers are behind us.”
“Are they, now?”
“We weren’t that bad!”
“You were.” Akechi assures her, “In both timelines.”
“Well, whatever.” Futaba sighs, “I’ll get to checking around.”
“Good.” Akechi absently smooths out the covers on his bed, “You’re going back to Sato’s
palace later today, right?”
“Crime never sleeps!” Futaba declares as her answer.
Akechi raises his eyebrows, “An odd repurposing of the phrase.”
“It works.” She insists, “But- while you were running around in there, did you have to play
Pong too?”
Is that one of the obstacles? “No.”
“What?!” Futaba exclaims, “Is there a shortcut or something?”
“No.” Akechi repeats, “I just made enough of a nuisance of myself on the first floor that
Sato’s shadow came to me.”
Futaba groans, “Of course you did! Cheater.”

“I wasn’t after the treasure.” Nor his life, luckily for Sato.
Futaba sighs, and trails off.
The transaction is complete, Akechi supposes.
“I’ll let you get to it.” He says, “I need to return this phone, anyway.”
“Are they keeping it hostage?”
“If Ren had his way,” Akechi says, dry, “He’d be keeping yours hostage, too.”
Futaba gives a shudder, audible through the receiver, “A fate worse than death.”
Akechi would tell her to ease up on the dramatics, but he can hardly talk.
“Well…” Futaba drawls out awkwardly, “See ya.” And hangs up before Akechi can return
the farewell.
He presses his lips together as the phone goes dark. He turns it on again, flipping to where the
Metaverse Navigator sits innocently on the front page.
A trip would be nice. Robin comments innocently.
Akechi turns the phone off again. He doesn’t have business there.
NOT RIGHT NOW.
Quite true.
***
Being back in Ooe’s palace, so soon after yesterday, brings to Noir’s mind the mad dash to
change her fiancé’s heart barely a month prior.
It was tiring then, and it’s certainly tiring now. Though, she can appreciate that she’s
suffering far less emotional exhaustion this time around. She’s never had the displeasure of
meeting Ooe in person, bar the unpleasant meeting with the man’s shadow just yesterday.
And now, the four of them are back in the entrance lobby, able to use the same trick as last
time to get through the doors, and Mona quickly sniffing out a safe room to mark their
progress.
So, where from here?
Violet looks up, shielding her eyes from the light of the chandeliers, “I think there’s a loft…
Or a second floor.”
Noir joins her in looking up, and sure enough, there’s an open section of the ceiling sectioned
off by railing, with more cognitions chattering and leaning over the edge. In significantly
fancier dress, she notes.

“Think you could use your grappling hook to get up?” Mona turns to Joker, “Ooe implied
that we definitely won’t be able to get around normally.”
Joker hums, and frowns, adjusting the device attached to his wrist, “I’m not sure. Maybe. It
might draw attention, though.”
“I think we already draw attention…” Violet mumbles.
Joker pauses, hand still on his sleeve cuffs, “Should I give it a try?”
“It could be worth a shot.” Noir agrees, still scanning the rest of the room for any obvious
way forward- or up, she supposes. Her eyes land again on the velvet red carpet, “Try not to
fall and land on that, as you do.”
Joker grimaces, “…Maybe I’ll hold off for a bit.”
Violet laughs a bit under her breath, “We should look around more thoroughly first, yes.”
Noir hums, and walks over to a lone cognition, minding her own business in the centre of the
floor space. Perhaps the stray fodder in Ooe’s mind will be more helpful than the man
himself. “Excuse me…”
The cognition turns in acknowledgement. Her face is a bit blurry, Noir notices- as are all the
other cognitions here. The man she had spoken to outside had just seemed generic. Perhaps
he was someone Ooe knows in passing?
Noir gives her best diplomatic smile, “The ceremony is quite wonderful, isn’t it?”
The woman laughs, loud and grating, “It certainly is, young lady! Though down here we
really don’t get much of a show.”
“No, it seems not…” Noir agrees, trailing off. “You wouldn’t happen to know how to see
some of the more… forgive my crass wording, but- important shows, would you? I’m quite
interested to see who’s worthy of recognition in person.”
The woman clicks her tongue, “Don’t we all? I’m practically a nobody, though.” Noir could
tell by the lack of distinct face, yes, “No one tells me anything. I’m lucky to be here at all,
rather than with the riffraff outside.”
“Ah, I’m afraid I’m much the same…” Noir sighs, “Have you at least seen where people pass
through, when they’re heading up?”
“Oh, yes!” The woman smiles, “Just beyond the red carpet, there,” She points, “But I
certainly wouldn’t dare step foot on the thing, let along cross the whole distance.” She laughs
again, “I’ll stay in my lane, I think.”
How heavy handed of Ooe. Noir smiles and mutters her thanks, giving a short bow and
rejoining the others.

She spares a second glance for where the cognition had pointed. She clicks her tongue at
having missed it, but acknowledges that it was fairly tucked away. Behind a series of grand
pillars, beyond the red carpet as described, is a shadowed -yet still grand- staircase that
presumably leads upwards to the second floor.
“Over there.” She inclines her head, catching the attention of the others, “If you’re confident
in your aim, Joker, you could land on the other side.”
“Huh.” Joker squints his eyes as he spots where Noir is pointing, “I could carry you guys
over one by one, I think.”
“There’s shadows.” Mona warns, “Patrolling right in front of the stairs, see?”
“We can take them.” Joker says with a cocky grin, flourishing his dagger.
Violet tilts her head, “If there are stairs up…” She frowns, “I wonder where the red carpet
leads, then. I can’t see where it goes beyond the corner.”
“It might be a shortcut.” Noir deduces, “For Ooe’s use only.”
“That makes sense.” Mona sighs, “Too bad that touching the thing is practically suicide.”
Joker sighs, a tad wistful, presumably lamenting the lack of easy palace infiltration. “Well,
anyway.” He taps at his wrist, “Who wants to go first?”
Violet laughs, “It’s been a while…”
“You’ve used the grappling hook before?” Mona asks with a clear grimace, eyeing the
contraption warily.
“She has.” Joker confirms, and shoots Mona a look, “ You gave this to me.”
“That doesn’t mean I trust you to use it properly!” Mona complains, “Not with a passenger at
least!”
“It’s quite fun.” Violet offers. She tilts her head, “Though I’m usually a bit dizzy
afterwards… That might be my own fault though.”
“Yeah.” Joker insists quickly, “For flipping out of my arms and into the air-”
“I’ll go first!” Noir interjects, shoving her way forward and flashing Joker a bright smile as
she wraps her arms around his shoulders.
Joker blinks, but shrugs, and secures his free arm around her waist. “Try not to fall.” He says.
“I should be telling you that, shouldn’t I?” Haru comments, before letting out a delighted yelp
as the two of them are ripped off the ground.
Violet’s right, she thinks. This is quite fun.

***
Their little ploy with the grappling hook is surprisingly effective. The shadows guarding the
stairs aren’t particularly fearsome, either; they deal with them quite handily upon being
ferried to the other side.
The second floor is notably grander than the first. Not by an awful lot, but certainly by
enough to be deliberate. The ceiling stretches even higher, opening into a large arched
skylight deeper into the room. Now, shadows patrol alongside the cognitions, in contrast to
the shadow-free room below for the most part.
It also looks like a dead end.
“At least we aren’t being evicted.” Joker muses, “Looks like those kind of checks only apply
to the entrance and the red carpet.”
The red carpet itself isn’t visible in this room. Noir supposes it must skip this room entirely,
leading much closer to their destination without the upstairs detour.
“We could ask around again?” Violet posits, eyeing the wandering shadows with some
apprehension.
Mona sighs, “Is that going to be all this palace is?”
“Well, what’s the navigator’s diagnosis?” Joker shoves his hands into his pockets.
“I don’t like this place.” Mona decides with a decisive shake of his head, “It feels…
sectioned off. Like things aren’t supposed to pass between areas. We didn’t even notice those
stairs at first.”
Noir hums in agreement, frowning. Could that have been intentional? She isn’t nearly as well
versed in the cognitive world as Oracle, Crow, and Mona, but it doesn’t seem impossible that
there could be something impeding their perception until it’s pointed out to them.
“And I can’t see or sense a way forward from here.” Mona finishes grimly.
Joker presses his lips together, “…We might need to do some more talking. Maybe someone
will point out the way forward this time, too.”
“Do we want to split up?” Violet asks, “It would be faster, but we might get caught
unawares.”
“I don’t want to waste time.” Joker says, “…Try and stay within eyesight of at least one other
person. Start chatting people up. Be subtle, though. Just because the cognitions haven’t been
aggressive so far doesn’t mean they can’t be.”
Noir tilts her head, “Do you think that’s a possibility?”
Joker shrugs, “Not sure. They kind of seem like the cognitions in Shido’s palace.” His eyes
darken, “For the most part. The cognitions that weren’t related to a specific person were

pretty docile.”
Noir nods, “I see… Hopefully we’ll be in luck.”
“Hopefully.” Mona echoes.
“Good luck.” Sumire says, smiling.
Noir turns, and eyes the field of various event-goers that clump together in cliques. Her own
conversational skills have already gotten her quite far in this palace, and she’d be remiss to
break the streak.
She weaves through the different groups for a short while, dodging shadows and trying to
discern which cognitions sport a friendly enough demeanour to be receptive to her probing.
“Unhand me!”
Noir whips around at the familiar voice, eyes wide.
“You fiends! ” The visage of her father snarls, “How dare you turn against me!? I earned my
place here! The gods have granted it to me! You don’t get to just take it away-”
Two shadows drag him back under the arms, ignoring his ravings.
“Enough of this!” Her father spits, his feet scrambling against the tile, unable to fine
purchase.
Haru is shooting a grenade into the fray before she can think.
She goes wide, but the erupting force still blows one of the shadows to bits before it can
transform. The crowd of cognitions laughing and chattering over champagne and finger foods
erupt into screams. The second shadow releases the cognition, spine snapping back as it
prepares to transform; Haru shoots another grenade, aiming slightly off on purpose this time,
destroying it too.
Her father collapses to the ground with a short grunt. He slowly pulls himself back to his feet,
dusting off his suit. He locks eyes with Haru, no recognition passing over his face for a
moment,
Before his eyes shift, “Ah! My daughter.”
Haru still has her gun in her hands.
Her father strides forward, still adjusting his tie. His face can’t seem to settle on one
expression, like Ooe is puzzling out how the man should react in real time.
He was shouting about gods in here, too. Ooe must pay attention to the downfalls of his
competitors.
“Haru.” Her father says, “I’m surprised you offered your assistance.”

Her grips shifts on her gun, “…Why so?”
“You’ve taken my position from me.” Her father sneers, and puffs out his chest, “I clawed my
way up from the bottom, and you ride on my coattails after the Phantom Thieves attempt to
discredit me? I’m surprised you made it inside this ceremony at all.”
Not an unsurprising stance from Ooe, she supposes. Haru wonders if he even registers the
myriad coattails he himself is likely gripping to. Shido’s, if no one else.
“I simply explained my achievements to the doorman.” She stretches the truth, her voice dull
even to her own ears, “I can’t say I care for the atmosphere, though.”
Her father’s lip curls even further, “Truly? Why bother forcing the more deserving to endure
your presence, in that case?”
This is silly, Haru thinks.
The thing before her is Ooe wearing a form-fitting mask. If the mask were gone, she’d hardly
be affected at all. Somewhat insulted, perhaps; but when is she not, when faced with people
like him?
Haru raises her grenade launcher again and blows the cognition’s face off.
The remains of it drop to the ground as dust, unceremonious.
It’s only now that Noir tunes back into the chaos that had followed her rather violent
outburst. A few metres behind her, Joker, Violet, and Mona stand to the side.
They must have wandered over during the commotion. Noir dearly hopes that they didn’t see
all of that.
Mona trots over, “Are you alright, Noir?”
She blinks, “…Just fine.” She dusts off her waistcoat. It’s a bit dusty. “I destroyed them
before any of the shadows could transform.”
“That’s good.” Violet says quietly. Noir appreciates that the smile she receives promises not
to push any further.
Joker’s eyes linger on the cognitions still running and stumbling in clumps to try and get
away from them. “…We might have to leave.” He decides, “How’s the security level looking,
Mona?”
“Bad.” Mona replies simply, and Noir abruptly feels terrible for her outburst.
“I’m sorry.” She says quickly, “I-”
Joker waves a hand, “It’s fine. I was gonna call it soon anyway.” Haru can’t tell if that’s a lie
or not. “I found a safe room on this floor, too, so we’re good to head back quickly.”

Noir nods slowly in acknowledgement. “I see.” She clears her throat, “Lead the way, then.”
Joker flashes her a small smile, quite similar to the one Sumire had granted her, and does just
that.
***
If there was ever anything Sojiro used to be good at, it was politicking.
Used to, being the operative phrase. He had to be, being a government envoy that had to deal
with the frustrating likes of Masayoshi Shido and the infinitely more charming but still
irritatingly scatter-brained Wakaba.
He had quit not too long before Wakaba died. Opening Leblanc was something of an old
dream, that quickly turned into nothing better to do when turning a blind eye to whatever
mess Shido and Wakaba were cooking together became all too much of a hassle for Sojiro to
tolerate.
Not nearly enough of a hassle for Wakaba herself. Quitting was never in her vocabulary.
Sojiro had admired it, once; but two years removed and with more hindsight than he ever
cared to have bestowed, that particular quirk of hers lodges itself in Sojiro’s mind as her
worst.
Taking Futaba in once he finally found where her relatives had tossed her was a no-brainer.
As ill-equipped as he found himself, it was the only thing he could have done.
Taking Ren in, (Back then: Amamiya, and even before that: the delinquent kid) required a bit
more thought. He’d curse his bleeding heart, but that heart didn’t have it in itself to do much
more than give the kid a roof and the occasional breakfast in the mornings at first. Certainly
not a door.
He’s grateful, if nothing else, for the fact that he learnt about his kids’ exploits after his heart
got the well-earned beating into shape that it needed from months of teaching Ren how to
make coffee and watching as Futaba started enjoying her mother’s curry again. He likes to
think he wouldn’t have turfed Ren out on the street if he found out too soon, but what does he
know? He’s liked to think a lot of things in the past.
He sure as hell didn’t sign up for all this. Being all but forced to take a back seat doesn’t
really help matters.
He’s sure the Niijima lady is in a similar position. But then again, he never expected to find
common ground with her, either.
The past few months, Sojiro decides as he stirs the pot of curry in Leblanc’s kitchen, have
been the universe testing the limits of how much it can throw him for a loop.
One such loop is having the aforementioned Niijima lady as a contact saved on his phone.
Another such loop is that he’s actually considering ringing her up.
Both the kids are out. The shop is empty, as ever. He has nothing better to do.

He clicks his tongue, and presses the dial button.
“Boss.” Niijima’s crisp voice quickly addresses, “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Part of Sojiro is glad that he doesn’t have to give her the call me Boss talk. Another part of
him is miffed that she considered herself worthy of skipping past the formalities after the shit
she tried to pull with Futaba.
Water under the bridge he breathes out with his sigh, “Nothin’ much.” He admits, tapping his
stirring spoon on the edge of the pot, “How are you finding the new place?”
There’s a pause. “It isn’t terrible. I do feel like I’m permanently babysitting, though.”
Having to herd three teenagers without any escape doesn’t seem particularly pleasant, no.
“Getting any work done?”
“A bit.” Niijima hums, “Your daughter brought over some material for Akechi and I to parse
through. It’s not helpful for the task at hand, per se, but it’ll be a boon for me once all this is
over.”
He had been avoiding thinking about that detective kid. He resolves to ignore him some
more. “Are you still going to have a job once all this is over?” Sojiro raises an eyebrow at the
now-lidded pot.
A sigh. “Officially, I submitted a request for holiday leave. I disappeared before it was
officially granted, but it’s something.”
Sojiro hums, shuffling over to the coffee filters. “Hopefully they’ll be too distracted to
remember to fire you once the kids do their jobs.”
Niijima snorts. “I can only hope. Assuming I don’t lose my mind first.”
“Bored?”
“Yes…” She sighs, “It’s only been a few days, but I haven’t felt this restless in a long while.
Takamaki is the only one of us that can leave freely, technically, but at least Makoto gets to
run off with the thieves to stretch her legs. At this rate I’m going to have to tie Akechi to his
bed to stop him from straining himself.”
Ignorance fails him once again. He should have learned by now. “How’s he doing?” Sojiro
asks against his better judgement.
Niijima’s sigh this time sounds significantly more long-suffering. “I wish I could tell you. I
can’t tell is the thing. He’s insistent on getting back in the ring, so to speak, but I don’t think
anyone is even considering humouring him.”
“Does he still seem like he’s strained in movement, or suffering from headaches?” Sojiro has
never been quite as roughed up as the kid looked when they dragged him into Leblanc, but
he’s recovered from his fair share of scrapes.

“I can’t tell.” Niijima repeats, “It makes me wonder how many injuries he’s managed to hide
while we’ve been working together these past years. They’ve all made it sound like they get
run through with swords on a regular basis.”
Yet another thing Sojiro was trying to purge from his mind. Both the bloody image and the
reminder of the detective’s extracurriculars. “Might want to tie him to his bed, just to be
safe.”
Niijima laughs. “I’ll try.”
There’s a small beat of silence.
And, well, now that he’s started thinking, he can’t stop.
The Okumura girl had given him the politest talking-to Sojiro thinks he’s ever received when
he tried to pry for opinions about Akechi. She had turned out to be a thoroughly biased
source in the opposite direction to what Sojiro had expected.
He still hasn’t asked Futaba about it. Her announcement a day or so prior that she was
running off to go speak with Akechi had certainly painted a confusing picture.
Maybe Sojiro is the only one that’s confused.
(If there was ever something he was good at, aside from politicking, it was letting cobwebs
accumulate.
Oh, sure, he tried to be wilfully ignorant. Tried not to let Shido’s eyes pierce too far into his
skull. Tried not to let Wakaba’s mood swings and cagey demeanour set off any alarms.
But he was never a fool. Eventually the long-gone spiders’ work would leave tapestries, and
it would only take Sojiro glancing its way to get the whole picture.
He never looked. He almost did, when Wakaba died. But by then he had Futaba to take care
of, and the girl was already too much of a mess for her to ever deserve having a caretaker
entrenched in paranoid conspiracy theories.
Now Futaba herself, and all her friends, have very forcibly taken Sojiro by the jaw and forced
him to look, whether he likes it or not. The tapestry is practically useless when he’s been
handed an essay, aside from the self-defeating task of comparing notes, to see how far off the
mark he was.
And then there’s the extras. The threads he doesn’t want to touch. That kid he can’t remember
the face or name or voice of beyond how he looked like a stiff breeze would knock him over.
Futaba’s probing questions about the things her mother got up to at work. The things Wakaba
wouldn’t let Sojiro know she got up to at work. That detective, two years or more neck-deep
in a conspiracy with his shitty father -of course Shido has a few bastards wandering around,
Sojiro doesn’t know why he’s surprised- at its head.
He doesn’t need to knit the threads together to know what they mean. He isn’t sure if he
cares.

No- of course he cares. The consequences are far too broad for that. His own inaction far too
damning. He just isn’t sure in exactly what way he cares.)
He finishes brewing a mug of coffee, and sets it on the bench. He doesn’t even particularly
want a cup, but it’s there now, so he may as well drink it.
“I’ll let you get back to it.” He says to the phone pressed between his shoulder and ear.
“To what?” Niijima laments, “To my spreadsheets?”
“To whatever. I’ve got a customer coming in.” Sojiro lies.
“I’ll speak with you later, then.”
Sojiro supposes they will. The thought isn’t nearly as unappealing as it was just a few days
ago, but he still feels unsettled. “See you.”
The line clicks off.

Chapter End Notes

maybe i should prepare these chapters when i'm feeling funny. then i'd actually have
jokes for these end notes.
actually in the space between this sentence and last i have been hit with the knowledge
(ty, Zoe) that Shinjiro and Akechi are the same height. that Akechi is taller, even. if i'm
going to be haunted by this knowledge so are you.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! palaces take up too much time so Akechi doesn't get to make friends
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9

Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sumire: So, i mean- i'm somewhat accomplishedOoe: oh? you? no. no you aren't
Sumire: oh
Ooe: you're actually below average. and weak. and puny
Sumire: you could have just left it at the rejection

Chapter 83
Chapter Summary

tag, chess, and unsettling discoveries

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It is immediately apparent to Makoto, the minute she steps out of the safe room on the second
floor of Sato’s palace and takes her first good look at the new surroundings, that they’re in
luck.
Well, she isn’t quite sure if she wants to say that definitively yet. But what she can say is that
the next obstacle, whatever it may be, spans what looks like three floors rather than just the
one. There are large openings in the ceiling -twice up- that create oddly shaped lofts and
balconies; interconnecting tunnels leading this way and that, all for a purpose Makoto hopes
won’t be tedious.
The whole place is sparsely illuminated, much like the floor below; but it seems intentional
this time. Makoto doesn’t have much hope in her untedious theory.
“Oracle.” She calls, and the girl in question startles, “What are we looking at?”
“Another game.” Ryuji answers before she can, a grin slowly spreading across his face,
“Look, there’s a booth to sign up ‘n everything.”
“You needn’t look so excited.” Yusuke sighs.
“C’mon, dude.” Ryuji elbows him, “This is, like, the most fun we’re ever gonna have in a
palace.”
“I guess you’re right…” Ann chimes in, “It feels nice to be in a palace where no one has any
emotional baggage about it.”
Makoto tries not to feel targeted. Or jinxed. “We should stay on guard nonetheless.” She
reminds them.
“Yeah, yeah.” Ryuji dismisses, “Let’s check out what we’re workin’ with.”
Makoto sighs, and doesn’t throw a pity party, as the others all bound off the to the booth
without her input. She trails behind, designating herself as the only person keeping an eye out
for shadows- except for Oracle, perhaps. Though she seems quite taken with the idea of a
new game, as well.

“Yo.” Is Ryuji’s greeting to the shadow working behind the desk, “What’s bonkin’?”
Ann very suddenly has to clap her hand over her mouth to contain her snickers. Makoto feels
another sigh pressing against her throat.
The shadow is unfazed. “Would you like to register?”
“What it is that we’d be registering for?” Yusuke asks with a tilt of his head.
“Laser tag.” The shadow announces, and there’s a loud groan from Futaba, “Teams of five,
against four other teams.”
“Sweet.” Ryuji grins.
“Oh, is that all?” Futaba grumbles.
“Hold on.” Makoto quickly pulls them all back. She turns to Futaba, “What’s wrong with
laser tag?”
“Have you ever played? ” Futaba complains, “This isn’t a video game! It’s athletic!”
Ann has an amused smile playing at her lips, “Is it really, though?”
“I imagine it requires some dexterity.” Yusuke muses.
Makoto has set foot in an arcade exactly once. She did not play laser tag, but she knows the
gist. “…So is there anything actually wrong?”
Futaba sighs, “I guess not. I just might not be super helpful.”
“With shooting, maybe.” Ann agrees, “But, uh, navigator? Half of laser tag is trying to find
the people you’re trying to shoot.”
Makoto expects that the game taking place in a cognitive world -and with such a convoluted
stage- will present more challenges than that. But, when Ann lays it out so simply, she can’t
help but feel emboldened.
“Huh. I guess.” Futaba agrees tentatively, drawing herself up a bit.
“Then lets sign up, shall we?” Makoto says, breaking the circle and walking back to the
booth.
“Good thing we’ve got a team of five…” Ryuji mutters as Makoto quickly gives their name
to the shadow ( PHNTM THVS, as Futaba had set a precedent.), and she certainly agrees.
***
They’re sent to a waiting room.
Makoto, Yusuke, and Futaba all take a seat, biding their time. Ryuji stands at some point to
stretch his legs, and Ann similarly gets bored and starts pacing.

“I wonder if they’re gonna give us guns.” Ann muses, “Like, the fun ones.”
Thus far, they haven’t been given any additional equipment. Nothing of the sort has even
been mentioned. Makoto frowns, “And, if they don’t?”
“Guess we’re gonna have to use real ones then.” Ryuji grunts out as he stretches to touch his
toes.
Yusuke hums mildly. “A bit excessive.”
“Not if our opponents are a bunch of shadows.” Futaba counters, nose buried in her
holographic screens.
“On that,” Makoto starts, “Can you sense what our opponents might be from here?”
“Shadows or cognitions?” Futaba clarifies, and Makoto nods. “Let me see… Hm. I can’t
super tell from here, but I can’t sense any shadows in the vicinity at all. So, my money’s on
cognitions.”
“That isn’t exactly an indicator for difficulty.” Yusuke points out.
“This place does remind me of Okumura’s palace sometimes…” Ann sighs.
Futaba makes a loud shushing noise, “Don’t jinx it! With any luck, these guys’ll fold like
paper.”
Makoto doesn’t think they’ve ever been particularly lucky. She keeps this to herself. “What
are the rules, anyway?”
“Uh…” Ryuji looks up, “…Laser tag.”
Makoto rolls her eyes, “I know how laser tag works,” Mostly, “I’m just wondering- since we
haven’t been given equipment usually used in this game, is this a free for all were we have to
kill our competition? Or are we disqualified after being hit once?”
“…Perhaps we should hope for the former.” Yusuke says, looking faintly unsettled.
“We can hope all we like.” Futaba counters, “Let’s just play it like we’re screwed if we even
stub our toes.”
“No pressure, or anything.” Ann mumbles.
“We’ll be fine.” Futaba says unconvincingly, “Also, I don’t have a gun.”
“Are you gonna shoot it even if you do have one?” Ryuji raises an eyebrow.
“Guess not.”
“That’s settled, then.” Makoto says, standing up. “Oracle, perform your navigation as normal.
Stay inside your persona when you can.”

Futaba gives her a salute, “Will do, Queen.”
There’s a chime, and they all stiffen.
“Team four,” An announcement rings, “Please proceed through the door. The match is about
to begin.”
The door inside their waiting room swings open with a small creak. Makoto exchanges a
discomforted look with the others, and takes point.
They exit into a nondescript hallway- dark, with a black floor, walls, and ceiling; lined with
LEDs of a rotating colour, at least. Makoto remembers the house of darkness in her sister’s
palace with a pained grimace.
The hallway opens into a multi-tiered room, with myriad branching paths, pillars, stairs, and
tunnels. Makoto can’t see anyone that could be opponents, nor is the room anywhere near
large enough to span the entire length of the palace, even when taking the front booth into
account. She supposes this is just their starting area.
And, with little fanfare, announcement chimes: Start!
Makoto presses her lips together as nothing explodes immediately.
Well then.
She didn’t expect anything to. It’s just- she thinks she might have preferred if this game
required them to be more reactionary rather than take initiative. Going on the offensive can
be risky.
“So…” Ann drawls as Makoto doesn’t signal for them to move. “I guess we’ve just gotta find
people?”
“ Definitely cognitions.” Futaba chimes in, “I can sense them now. I think they only started
existing once the game began.”
Makoto hums, assessing their options.
There’s only one, really.
“Let’s track them down.” She says, and starts forward.
***
The first team they run into they dispatch tragically quickly.
The cognitions are faceless- a team of five much like themselves. They don’t get the chance
to find out the exact stakes of getting hit, because one flash of steel later and all the
cognitions crumble to dust.
“…Nice work, Fox.” Makoto says, a bit taken aback.

Yusuke tilts his head, “Well, we do want this done quickly, yes?”
Makoto supposes that’s true.
They do run into some trouble with the second team.
Makoto had been leading the thieves with their backs to the wall, trying to avoid being taken
by surprise- something concerningly probable in this environment. It might not be pitch
black, but it certainly isn’t well lit.
She had forgotten about how there are multiple floors. Their second encounter starts with a
panicked screech from Futaba as something drops down on her from above, shouts of pain
and confusion quickly following from the rest as much the same happens to them.
They still dispatch their attackers fairly quickly. The experience conveniently tells them that:
no, they won’t be immediately disqualified from one hit.
“Sorry.” Makoto quickly apologises once the dust has settled, “I didn’t realise the ceiling
opened up here.”
“It’s fine!” Futaba squeaks, clearly still a bit shaken, “Uh, I didn’t notice either, so…”
“…Maybe stay in Necronomicon?” Ann suggests, looking a bit concerned.
“It’s fine.” Futaba repeats, “I’ll just keep a better eye out. Besides, there’s only one team left,
right?”
Quite true.
It turns out that final team is a pain to find.
“Y’know,” Ryuji starts to complain, “I get these guys are probably good at hiding or
whatever, but it ain’t like they’re winning like this either.”
“It does seem to be an inefficient strategy.” Yusuke muses.
“Any luck pinpointing them, Oracle?” Makoto turns her head slightly, still keeping an eye out
ahead.
Futaba shrugs, “Eh. I can kinda sense ‘em, but…” She puffs out her cheeks, “Well, I think
we’re in the right area. They’re around here somewhere . ”
“So, just keep looking?” Ann finishes.
Makoto sighs, “I suppose so, yes. Stay alert. I don’t want to get ambushed again.”
They eventually creep their way into a room that stretches two floors up. Large pillars are
evenly dotted about, standing floor to ceiling. Makoto narrows her eyes suspiciously. She
can’t see anyone here, but-

Her thoughts are quickly interrupted by the sound of Futaba hurriedly pulling herself into her
persona, “They’re here, guys!”
The warning doesn’t serve much purpose, as there’s a sudden bang, and another, and another,
as a wave of gunfire bursts in their direction.
“Shit!” Ryuji yelps, diving behind one of the pillars.
The rest of them quickly follow suit. Makoto grimaces as a bullet clips her shoulder, sending
a spray of blood splattering across the floor. She hears Yusuke grunt as he gets hit in the meat
of the shoulder, not finding cover quite quick enough.
Thank goodness, she thinks distantly, that cognitive bullets aren’t nearly as cumbersome as
real ones. “Mediarama!” She tears her mask away, not willing to let the injuries sit.
“My thanks!” Yusuke calls from a pillar away.
“No problem.” Makoto murmurs back under her breath, more focused on the task at hand.
The bullets pause, and she chances ducking her head out to see what they’re working with.
“Oh.” Futaba comments, “That’s different.”
So it is.
Four of the five members of this team are the same faceless cognitions that they had faced
prior, but one of them stands out quite distinctly.
He has a distinct likeness, for one. And he looks like a middle schooler.
“Oh, shit!” Ryuji exclaims, poking his head out from his own pillar, “I know this kid!”
Makoto blinks, wincing as she has to duck behind another pillar to avoid the next barrage of
bullets, “From where? ”
“He’s a legend!” Futaba’s voice echoes, “The King. Of Gun About, at least. Otherwise he’s
just a regular kid. I think Joker knows him.”
Makoto supposes that answers what he’s doing here.
“Come on out!” The cognition shouts, “I’m gonna kick your ass anyway, so let’s not waste
time about it!”
“Overconfident, isn’t he?” Yusuke comments.
Ryuji snorts, “You’re tellin’ me.”
Makoto takes a sharp breath, and bolts out from behind her cover, her gun braced in both
hands. She fires, once, twice- empties her entire round towards the unique cognition.

She stumbles, but the cognition still cries out. Red bursts from his shoulder, one bullet hitting
true.
“Oh, come on!” The cognition complains, clamping a hand over the wound. “Alright, enough
going easy.”
“Huh?” Futaba mutters, “Hang on, what’s-”
The cognition bursts, leaving a spattering of red blood that quickly curdles black. Slick oil
bubbles and reforms back into another humanoid shape. A boy, young, with a cocky
expression on his face, reaching into a small pouch and tossing bread crumbs into the wind.
“What?!” Ann gapes, popping her head out from behind her cover, “A shadow? But, I
thought you said he was a cognition!”
“Yeah.” Futaba says darkly. "I did."
“Better watch it!” The cognition-turned-shadow grins, and there’s a fizz of purple in the air.
Makoto realises what’s happening a split second too late, as a shot of psychokinetic energy
fires over all of them. Her hands snap to her ears as she screams, a high pitched whine
piercing through her head as it pulses. She feels her mask buckle and warp as her knees hit
the floor, the voice of Johanna in her head gasping in pain at the attack.
The shadow laughs, “Ha! Now it’s a real fight! You losers can kiss that ranking goodbye!”
“Queen, are you alright?” Futaba calls out as Makoto regains her bearings.
“Fine.” She manages to say, as she picks herself up off the floor, her mask burning back into
place.
“He’s not that strong.” Futaba says, “Get him, quick!”
“Hecate!” Ann shouts, “ Blazing Hell! ”
Makoto trips back as the floor glows a brilliant orange, the solid surface dissolving into
molten rock that swells like a wave. The other four cognitions wilt away before the fire
reaches its peak. The shadow screams, completely unable to escape the massive radius of
Ann’s spell as it finally erupts.
“Finish him off!” Makoto calls as the dust clears, signalling for the others to follow suit.
She feels muscle and bone give way to that slick oil again, and as she and the others skid to a
stop, the bread crumb shadow has reformed again to the visage of that middle schooler.
“Lame…” He complains, before he turns to dust.
The lights lining the walls glow brighter, and an outcropping in the ceiling flashes: Team 4
win!

“Ugh.” Ann makes a discomforted sound, “I kinda feel bad, since he looked like a kid.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Ryuji furiously waves a hand, “What the eff was that?!”
“I don’t recall ever encountering a shadow masquerading as a cognition…” Yusuke frowns,
then his eyes widen with alarm, “You don’t think we just-”
“Killed the real kid?” Futaba drops down from above now that the danger is passed, “No, I
don’t think so. It’s like… a shadow wearing human skin. The wimpy shadows, I mean. Not a
human shadow.”
“I see.” Makoto casts a wary eye over the field, “…Why haven’t we ever seen something like
this before?”
“Because,” Futaba seethes, “This is the kinda thing that could only happen if you’re aware of
the cognitive world and how it works.”
“Really?” Ann looks incredulous.
“I’m certain of it.” Futaba’s fists are clenched tight, “Cognitions are how you perceive things,
and you can only link the idea of a cognition to a shadow if you know what that is. This
asshole knows something about my mom’s research, I just know it-”
“Alright,” Makoto interrupts her, “Let’s just calm down. I know this is personal, Oracle, but
getting angry about it right now won’t help us.”
Futaba turns to glare at her, “There’s something in here! There has to be. Akechi won’t tell
me shit, but this guy probably read it all while he was trying to destroy it-”
“Okay!” Ann laughs, high and nervous, “We can look for what Sato knows later, can’t we?
But right now…” She casts a glance at Makoto.
“We need to get out of here.” Makoto finishes, “That was our last opponent. If we find the
exit now, we’ll hopefully be ranked high enough to get to the next section.”
“Assuming that’s still how we proceed.” Yusuke adds unhelpfully.
“Yeah, it will be.” Ryuji smacks Yusuke’s shoulder, “These places are the same all the way
through.” He pauses, presumably remembering Okumura’s palace, “Usually.”
Futaba’s fists are still balled tight, but her shoulders slump slightly in defeat. “Fine. Let’s go.”
***
Once they leave, they get a dispassionate congratulations from the shadow at the front booth.
They’re ranked in the top twenty-five, now.
As Makoto leads them to the first safe room on the fifth floor to mark their progress, she
wonders what else they’ll find in here. She’s not so optimistic as to think answers, but it

leaves her on edge nonetheless.
***
When Ren gives the other thieves a break on Monday, it is of no consequence to Akechi. He
does get to hear Makoto complain about it, though, given that running through Sato’s palace
is her only exit from Ann’s apartment.
“Poor you.” He tells her, with the utmost sarcasm he can muster.
Makoto looks like she’s contemplating murder. Sae’s long-suffering click of the tongue puts a
quick end to that argument before it can begin. Shame.
Avoiding the duo of Niijimas becomes a necessity, if he doesn’t want to lose his mind, so he
resigns himself to camping in his room for the foreseeable future.
There’s a knock on his door, around noon.
What now. “Yes?”
The door clicks open, and Ren pokes his head through the gap.
Absolutely not. He should have just suffered through a conversation with Makoto. “What are
you doing here.”
“I gave everyone the day off.” Ren says, opening the door the rest of the way and stepping
through. He has something under his arm that Akechi can’t quite identify. “That includes
me.”
Oh, joy. “Then, pray tell, why are you here? ”
“It’s my day off.” Ren repeats, a stupid grin worming its way onto his face. He takes that
thing out from under his arm. “I brought chess.”
“You can play it with Ann.”
Ren tilts his head, “Does Ann even know how to play?”
“Not well.” Akechi says. Ann’s words, not his.
“Damn.” Ren’s smile grows even more insufferable. “It’s a good thing that I have a worthy
opponent right in front of me as an alternative.”
“Leave me alone, Ren.” Akechi grits.
Ren’s smile drops. “Why?” He sits on the bed, and flicks open the chessboard. “You’re right,
you know.”
Normally, Akechi would agree on principle, but he has no idea what Ren is talking about.
“Oh?”

Ren’s eyebrow shoots up. “Yeah. That I only come to talk to you when- what was it you said?
When I have something self-aggrandising to say?”
Akechi probably did say something like that. It certainly wasn’t meant as an invitation. “And
this is your solution.”
“It sure is.” Ren says vaguely, arranging the chess pieces on the board. “White or black?”
“Out of my room.”
“In a few hours. White or black.”
If he must. Akechi rolls his eyes. “Black. You’ll need all the advantage you can get.”
“Confident, are we?” Ren’s lips twitch up.
“Need I remind you that I’ve won far more often than you have?” Akechi scoffs.
“In chess. ” Ren protests.
“And most other things.” Akechi tilts his head, “What’s our billiards win ratio, again?”
Ren scowls, and Akechi barks a laugh. Another point to him.
(What are you doing?
What is he doing, for that matter?)
Akechi sets his face back to cold disinterest. Ren looks up, his scowl twitching into a
discomforted frown.
“It’s been a bit since we’ve played anything.” Ren says conversationally, starting the match.
Akechi moves a piece of his own. He doesn’t bother responding.
Ren moves another piece. “I guess we’ve been busy.”
“Do you think you can ignore this?” Akechi asks coldly, meeting his eyes again.
“I haven’t been ignoring anything.” Ren says. Which, credit where it’s due, is almost the
truth. “We’ve been doing everything but ignore this. That. Everything.”
Akechi hums, caught between wary and sceptical. He makes his move.
Ren assesses the board with far more seriousness than is warranted this early in the game.
“We used to talk more during these.” He comments.
Now that, is a blatant lie.
In January, they might have. Akechi had noticed that Ren was markedly more talkative
during their games. He was more persistent in inviting Akechi out, too; to Mementos of all

places, which in hindsight he really should have fought against harder. He got too caught up
in the thrill of it. He spilled far more than he should have, let Ren weasel private thoughts out
of his skull because he was certain he’d be dead before winter’s end.
But, before that, many of their games were spent in stark silence.
They talked plenty outside of them, of course. Akechi is nothing if not a master of filling the
empty air. He was careful not to lose his grasp on anything of substance, but that never really
worked out.
Their games, though. No, those were far too important.
But, of course, the elephant in the room is:
“Which time around?” Akechi asks, freeing his knight from the back line.
Ren looks up, blinks.
They never played quite so many games, this time. Akechi would have thought there would
be more, since they were on more equal footing after Sumire filled him in.
-No, but they weren’t, were they? Akechi didn’t slip up this time. This timeline’s Ren never
truly got to be blindsided by his betrayal; or lack thereof, since everything came crashing
down and it stopped mattering quite quickly once it became apparent who the real traitor
was.
“Both.” Ren eventually says.
“No we didn’t.” Akechi tells him outright, watching him mirror with his own knight.
Ren rolls his eyes, “We talked plenty. Now there’s a chessboard here. Don’t overanalyse it.”
Akechi loses his grip on his ice mask to frown.
“If our friendship” The way Ren says it is almost derisive, which is rich, “Survived you
putting a gun to my head, then we should stop dancing around each other forever.”
If Akechi were to point out how their past three or so interactions have all been about how
very different that and February were, they’ll go in circles. He keeps his mouth shut, and
settles for a glare.
Ren winces, and looks properly chastised. “I just don’t want to wait until this is all over to try
fixing this.”
A vague sentiment.
“Ren.” Akechi tilts his head, and doesn’t move another piece, “What do you think normal is
for us?”
Ren opens his mouth. Closes it.

Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“We’ve had normal.” Ren says defensively.
“No we haven’t.”
“ Sometimes. ”
“No.” Akechi counters, “Maybe you thought we had normal, this time around, when you
didn’t know the most important things about me. But need I remind you that it wasn’t real? ”
Technicalities aside.
“They’re not the most important.” Ren mutters.
“’ I am a hitman plotting to kill you’ is very important.” Akechi snaps.
“ Were you plotting to kill me?” Ren crosses his arms, “This time?” He adds.
“It was implied . ”
Ren grins like he’s won. “So, no.”
“I was working under the assumption that I was going to have to kill you.” Akechi grits. The
fact that Sumire and Haru had given him the will to attempt to weasel his way out of such a
thing is irrelevant.
Ren’s still smiling like an idiot. “Uh huh.”
“ What are you smiling about.”
Ren’s cheer falters, as he clearly catches up to the part where he’s losing the argument.
“Nothing.”
“Good.” Akechi spits, and forcefully makes his next move. The other pieces on the board
rattle. “Now finish this fucking game so you can leave. ”
For some reason, that makes the corners of Ren’s mouth twitch up again. But, he dutifully
makes his next move without comment.
“If we didn’t have normal before,” Ren says as Akechi picks up his queen, “We could make it
now.”
Akechi keeps a finger on his piece. “Really.”
Ren rolls his eyes. “Yes, really.”
Akechi draws his hand back. He hums, dissmissive.
“Now who’s ignoring things?” Ren mutters, as he moves a bishop at what must be random. A
terrible move.

“Maybe I don’t want to have normal.” Akechi says. He hates that it sounds almost petulant.
Ren smiles like that’s the best thing he’s heard all year, “What do you want, then?”
“Check.” Akechi says instead of answering.
Ren’s smile doesn’t budge an inch as he moves his king once space to the side. Akechi gets
the feeling that chess isn’t the game he’s got his attention on.
Akechi stares him down. “What about you.”
“That doesn’t sound much like a question.”
“It is.” Akechi narrows his eyes, “Well?”
Now, Ren’s eyes flick away. “I think you know the answer to that.”
“Is that what you really wanted?” Akechi asks, “Or was it just the best option available to
you?”
Ren blinks.
“I didn’t think you’d ever ask me something like that.” He eventually says.
Akechi feels his nose wrinkle, “What?”
Ren smirks, like he knows something Akechi doesn’t. “Oh, you know.”
(Really, the only reason Akechi is even vaguely tolerating the evasiveness is because he
knows exactly what Ren is referring to.
The question was a small concession. An admittance, a hand of grace, to give Ren an out of
the implication that he wants Maruki’s reality. The fact that that had been Ren’s response was
so pitifully defeatist that Akechi felt likeGive Ren an inch and he’ll try and take a mile, whatever form that may take. Akechi ought to
be more careful.
You don’t want to be. Robin accuses.
LET HIM TAKE ALL HE WANTS! Loki cackles.
Akechi certainly won’t be doing that.)
“Whatever.” Akechi says, and makes another move, working his way up to checkmate. “Try
again. Your answer.”
Ren sighs, “I want…”
Akechi waits.

Ren huffs, “Do you remember January?”
“Do I remember January.”
“Do you remember how it felt. ” Ren corrects with a roll of his eyes.
“I remember it feeling distinctly terrible.” Akechi says mildly, threading his fingers together
as Ren still hasn’t made his move.
Ren grimaces, “Okay, well- it didn’t feel great. But it was… nice.”
“ Nice. ”
“Being on the same side.” Ren finishes quietly.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and says, very pointedly: “It was.”
Again, for some reason, that makes Ren smile, “Yeah. I wouldn’t mind, if that was normal.”
(Akechi doesn’t know if he would.)
“Hm.” Is all he ends up giving in response.
The corners of Ren’s eyes crinkle, “Maybe minus the perfect reality. I think that ironically
made everything just a bit worse.”
“You don’t say.” Akechi says, very dry, “Are you trying to butter me up?”
Ren laughs, “What for?”
The first thing that pops into Akechi’s head at that question is so absurd that he doesn’t
bother voicing it. “Who knows? You’re an enigma.”
“I’m the enigma.” Ren mocks, and finally moves another piece on the board.
Akechi clicks his tongue, assessing the game. “Are you even trying?”
Ren blinks, eyes flicking down, “Hm.”
Has he really only just noticed how terribly he’s doing? “And you said I was overconfident.”
“I can still win.” Ren says immediately.
“Sure you can.” Akechi says with a sweet smile, and captures one of Ren’s knights.
“I can still win.” Ren repeats.
Akechi snorts. “How about this? A wager”
Ren looks up, “Oh?”

“Think of a prize for yourself if you win.” Akechi says with a broad wave of his hand. “If I
win, I get to rejoin the palace infiltrations.”
Ren, dubiously, raises his eyebrows. He looks down at the board, back to Akechi. “Aren’t
wagers supposed to be fair?”
“Sae-san’s palace is still on my mind.” Akechi says by way of explanation, “But we could
skip the wager, and you could just let me back in the Metaverse.”
Ren manages to raise his eyebrows even higher. “…Does Niijima still have your phone?”
“She does.” Akechi says tightly.
Ren hums, “Really, now.” He tilts his head, “Are you in fighting shape?”
“The Metaverse-”
“Could you win a fight in real life? ”
Akechi smiles, “Of course.”
Ren jabs Akechi in the ribs.
What the fuck. “What the fuck, Ren?” Akechi snaps, hand immediately snapping to his chest.
“Huh, that looks like it hurt.” Ren says innocently, “I didn’t hit you that hard.”
“What the fuck. ” Akechi says, because it bears repeating.
“That bruise on your face healed pretty quickly.” Ren continues blandly.
Akechi tries very hard not to instinctively touch his face. “I mend fast.”
“Really. And that foundation isn’t a shade too light.” Ren drawls.
Well Akechi was hardly going to ask Ann to buy him his own colour. Or tell her he’d been
stealing her makeup at all. “From memory,” Akechi spits, “You were back in the Metaverse a
week and a half after the twentieth.”
“Uh huh.” Ren says, unrepentant, “And it’s only been a week for you. You can wait.”
He doesn’t want to. “ Ren. ”
“You can wait.” Ren repeats, softer. He adds: “Sorry for hitting you. It didn’t hurt too much,
did it?”
“Be crafty or don’t.” Akechi snaps.
Ren snorts, “Sure.” He makes his next move, shifting his rook to protect his king.
(Akechi does end up winning that game. Ren still won the important one.

Hm.
YOU DON’T HAVE TO SIT AROUND IF YOU DON’T WANT TO. Loki’s permanent grin
audibly creaks wider.
Well,
Maybe Akechi ought to take Haru up on her offer.)
***
Futaba is honestly a bit glad that Ren’s given everyone the day off.
That mostly meant everyone grumbling off to school with no hope of distraction come the
afternoon, but for Futaba it meant she had the whole day to get her side projects done.
The first, being the annoyingly pressing task that Akechi had suggested to her yesterday.
Some part of her -pride, probably- refuses to consider the possibility that Shido has access to
the Metaverse. It’s simply not his turf in her head; it’s her mom’s, and Futaba’s, and the
thieves’ in general. He can’t know about it’s inner workings, not withoutWhich leads to her second side project.
Side quest! Avoid thinking about how Sato definitely snooped on her mom’s research while
he was destroying it. Or, hiding it very thoroughly.
She can begrudgingly admit that it would be a smart move. If she had a super shady boss that
was telling her to destroy all this fancy research, she’d take a peek too. And if that research
had something -for lack of a better word- concerning? She’d be putting some of that stuff to
use sharpish.
But, then again, she doesn’t know what was on that research. Because someone won’t tell her.
And apparently, that same someone wasn’t even privy to all of it.
The logic to her anger breaks down unfortunately quickly when she lingers too long. How
dare dare Sato and Shido covet knowledge of the Metaverse when they wouldn’t know jack
shit without her mom- but, then, her mom wouldn’t know shit without a particularly vengeful
teenager being in the wrong place at the right time, and she suddenly starts feeling nauseous.
She’s failed the side quest of don’t think about it a couple times, but at least she can always
restart.
So: Task One.
Checking CCTV footage is… boring.
It’s tedious, for one. She has to give her search a fair expanse of hours where it would be
reasonable for Shido’s goons to be loitering while the thieves are running around in the other
world. So the time of their entrance, their exit, the whole time they’re inside, give or take

like, an hour on either side to accommodate for whatever is going through the
aforementioned goons’ heads.
Then she has to do that twice, for both the SatoTech tower and the TV studio. And multiply
that a couple extra times, because there could be any number of places where they would
think to wait for the thieves to exit the Metaverse.
She is… reasonably confident, that even if Shido can track their palace-diving, that he can’t
tell where they’re coming in and out of Mementos. For one, they’d have been caught three
times over by now. Ann’s apartment is a Metaverse entrance hot spot at the moment. Not to
mention the rest of the thieves’ abodes.
And yet, they haven’t been caught. Futaba isn’t entirely convinced of Ann’s apartment’s
safety, but it seems to be proving a valuable stronghold for now.
The final piece to the puzzle that she has to pin down is what Shido’s goons actually look
like.
If they were doing some men-in-black-or-whatever-else cliché, with suits, sunglasses, and all,
then Futaba would probably have a very easy time spotting them. They, unfortunately, do not
appear to be doing this. Bummer. It would have made her life easier.
Her solution is simple, but requires a fair bit more tedium than she would have preferred. She
had sent that list of all the Tokyo PD headquarters employees for Niijima’s benefit, mostly,
but Futaba can still get some use out of the new and improved “these are the guys high
enough on the ladder for Akechi to know that they’re working for Shido” list that’s been
thrown together. Pending further revision, but what’s there should serve her purposes.
And so, she gets to work. She fails her side quest once or twice, and then fails some more
when thinking about failing reminds her of why she failed to start, but she forges on
nonetheless.
It’s around seven when Futaba starts picking up on something promising.
As much as she internally bitched and moaned about all the hours of footage she had to comb
through, they’ve only poked around in each respective location three times now. Perhaps
enough to establish a pattern, but that doesn’t mean much if a group of suspicious people
don’t show up all three times.
But, they do show up two times.
Futaba manages to pinpoint several of the people in Akechi and Niijima’s list as scattered
about the two locations. Not in any obvious formation, but their vague presence alone is
enough to ring alarm bells, especially since they don’t appear to be there for any specific
purpose.
She even catches one or two guys that didn’t make it to the more refined list. She makes a
note to tell Akechi and Niijima about that.

Her triumph in catching Shido and his cronies with their hands in the cookie jar is short-lived
as she considers the implications.
Implications that ought to be pondered with an expert, she supposes.
Ugh.
She calls Akechi.
Or, more accurately, she calls Niijima.
“Fu-” A pause, “Oracle?”
“Uh, it doesn’t really matter which.” Better than being called ‘Sakura’. “I need to talk to
Crow.”
“You mean Akechi?”
“Sure do.” Futaba drawls out, spinning uncomfortably in her chair.
Niijima sighs, though Futaba can’t quite place the tone. “I’ll grab him.”
There’s a pause, and some shuffling, and some mumbling, before there’s a very distinct click
of the tongue that Futaba would probably recognise anywhere at this point.
“To what do I owe the pleasure?” Akechi deadpans, like the asshole he is.
“Yeah, yeah,” Futaba rolls her eyes, “Listen, I looked into that stuff you asked me to.”
That catches his attention. “Oh? So soon?”
“Well, we had the day off.”
“I noticed.” Akechi grouses.
Judging by that response, Futaba figures someone probably spent their day off bothering him.
The image is pretty funny in her head. “Anyway, looks like we have a problem.”
Akechi sighs, “I take that Shido has been sticking his nose where he shouldn’t, then?”
“He sure has.” Futaba grumbles.
“Well.” Akechi says, clipped. “That’s bad.”
“No shit.”
Futaba swears she can hear Akechi’s eye roll. “So. Tell me. How fucked are we?”
That’s the question, isn’t it? “Uh. Moderately? I can’t tell.”

“Considering they haven’t barged down the door of Ann’s apartment I’d say we have some
leeway, yes?”
“Yeah.” Futaba agrees, “But that’s the confusing thing. By the looks of it, they can tell when and where- we’re in a palace, but not Mementos?”
There’s a pause, and a shift. “Mementos is… different.”
Futaba presses her lips together. Akechi isn’t making her side quest any easier. “Oh?”
“Palaces are more concentrated.” He explains, “So, maybe…? I don’t know. I don’t know
how they’re finding us, so I can’t make theories.”
“Not even a few?” Futaba has a couple of her own.
“Maybe a few.” Akechi corrects, “I considered Yaldabaoth’s meddling as a possibility at
first, given the distinctly inconvenient timing of Shido tracking us down to when we were
thrown out of the Metaverse. But if that were the case, why wouldn’t he inform Shido of our
Mementos loophole as well?”
He’s got a point. “True. Anything else?”
“Nothing. ” Akechi responds tersely.
Oh, so they are on the same page as to what Futaba wants. “Are you sure?”
“Oracle.”
“Sato knows stuff.” She blurts, “He’s definitely read my mom’s research.”
“Oh.” There’s a pause, before Akechi hums flatly. “Unsurprising, since he helped bury it.
Though he wasn’t supposed to. What of it?”
“What do you mean what of it? ” Futaba snaps, indignant.
Akechi clicks his tongue again, “How is it relevant to our problem?”
“Well.” Futaba scrounges for a reason. “Maybe he’s helping Shido find us.”
“Unlikely. Takahashi is probably the one behind that, if that’s what’s happening. But if he is,
then I’m sure you’ll find out all about it in his palace.”
The rebuttal is irritating for a multitude of reasons.
Akechi doesn’t want to talk. Sure. Fine. Whatever. She can deal with that (She can’t, she
can’t, this is her mom, why can’t Akechi just suck it up-). Her problem, is that what Akechi is
willing to talk about at any given time is so wishy-washy, and she doesn’t believe for a
second that he doesn’t remember anything about thisBut what if he really doesn’t?

(And, if he does, what does it mean, really, that he’s so adamant about not talking?)
Futaba backs off.
“I’m sure we will.” She says, a bit too bitter, a bit too combative, “I’ll be looking.”
Another hum.
That’s it?
He really is no help at all.
“I’ll keep an eye on what Shido’s goons are up to.” She adds as an afterthought.
“Good.” Akechi says, “Make sure they aren’t sniffing around Leblanc, or anyone’s homes,
either.”
That’s a good point. “I’ll check.”
“Good.” He repeats. “Well, if that’s all?”
Futaba hates talking with Akechi. She doesn’t know why she does it so much. Probably
because how she feels about talking with Akechi changes every time they have a
conversation.
“That’s it.” Futaba agrees. “Say hi to-” hm. “-Niijima for me.”
“Not Ann and Makoto?”
“I can talk to them myself.” And she’s kind of annoyed with them for rushing out of the
palace so soon after they got a lead.
“Whatever you say.” Akechi says airily, and hangs up.

Chapter End Notes

this week i bring the revelation that overheating + standing too quickly + stretching your
entire spine is a bad combination. unless you *want* to almost faint; in which case, be
my guest.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! palaces continue to dominate the narrative... and shuake at each other's
throats or whatever.

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: care for a wager?
Ren: I can *see* the ace up your sleeve. two, by the looks of it.
Akechi: what are you, a coward?

Chapter 84
Chapter Summary

Scouring, and sequence breaking.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren’s genius plan of spending a normal time with Goro only half backfired, he thinks.
Better than fully backfiring. Ren even managed to convince (or, perhaps, trick) him into
playing more than one game of chess. Unthinkable, even a few weeks ago.
But just because Ren has given himself and everyone a day off, doesn’t mean he can spend
all of it slacking. There’s one particular task that he’s been neglecting ever since everything
that went wrong on the seventh.
“Hey, Boss.” Ren pulls himself onto one of Leblanc’s bar chairs as Sojiro shuffles about
cleaning up. Ren could probably help, but he’s got things he needs to get done, first.
“Yeah.” Sojiro calls back, not bothering to phrase the word as a question.
Ren thinks of the best way to put this. “So… about helping us out.”
That catches Sojiro’s attention properly. “…Yeah?”
“How can you actually help us?” Hm. That sounded a lot less blunt in Ren’s head.
Sojiro snorts. “How indeed? I heard the Niijima lady was wading through spreadsheets with
the detective kid.”
“Something like that.” Ren agrees. Futaba had mentioned something or other.
“Gonna put me to work, too?”
“Depends.” Ren rubs at the back of his neck, “You remember how I’m looking for that
yakuza guy?”
Sojiro’s sigh is appropriately beleaguered. “How could I forget?”
Ren offers a sheepish smile. “I’ve got some people helping me out already, but more hands
can’t hurt.”

“Right.” Sojiro digs around in his apron pocket for a pack of cigarettes. He sighs again as he
sparks his lighter, “Who’ve you got on the job, again?”
“Journalist,” Ren makes an executive decision to leave out the drunkard part. “And an exyakuza.” There’s not a lot he can do to make that one sound better.
“Christ.” Sojiro mutters. “Well? How’re they going?”
Ren makes a so-so motion with his hand, “I haven’t asked since,” Another pointed gesture,
“But Ohya -the journalist- was the one who gave me Kaneshiro’s name, and Iwai has some
connections that he’s pulling favours from to ask around.”
“They got a starting point?” Sojiro blows out some smoke.
“I… vaguely remember the guy’s tattoos.” Ren offers.
“I’m surprised you’ve seen ‘em at all.” Sojiro comments with narrowed eyes.
Ren tugs at his fringe. “In Shido’s palace. Last time.”
“Last-? Oh.” Sojiro gives a pained grimace, and take another drag, “Right. That.”
Ren hums. “That.”
Sojiro clicks his tongue, “Well, if that’s all you’ve got…”
“Any chance you can pull a name out of a hat?” Ren says, voice a bit to hopeful to pass as
just a joke.
Sojiro rolls his eyes, “If I could do that, kid, I would’ve done it already.” He presses his lips
together, “I can ask around. But I’m not sure I’d really be able to do much more than that.
Any favours I had stockpiled I already pulled to get Futaba into my custody.”
Ren… hadn’t really thought about that. He supposes it wouldn’t have been anywhere close to
sunshine and rainbows, given Niijima’s threats and Futaba’s uncle’s lurking.
“Plus,” Sojiro continues, “I’m not sure how to do it without sounding any alarms. Anyone
with information would probably be tangled in Shido’s inner circle, and they’d go squealing
the second I start sticking my nose places.”
Ren frowns, “…How closely did you work with Shido?”
Sojiro scoffs, “Too close. I didn’t work for him, at first. Technically, I never did. But at some
point I became a pretty permanent liaison between him and Wakaba’s lab, and I quit once it
started freaking me out. I hadn’t heard of any conspiracy or anything, but I probably should
have seen it coming, what with how cagey Wakaba was getting.” Another puff of smoke,
“Though I’m thinking that wasn’t the only reason.”
Ren doesn’t like thinking about it too hard. “Was the conspiracy just… not a thing back
then?”

“It definitely was.” Sojiro waves a hand. “Probably. I’m betting Shido didn’t loop me in
‘cause he knew I wouldn’t stand for it. Or maybe Wakaba pleaded my case. That would have
been nice.”
Maybe so.
“Anyway,” Sojiro continues, “This whole mess would have to have been brewing for years.
You don’t get this far in less than one election term.” He snorts, “Though, I’m sure your
detective friend definitely sped up the whole process.”
Ren grimaces. This really isn’t the direction he wanted this conversation to go. “Mm.”
Sojiro taps his fingers against the bar. “But I will ask around.”
Ren raises an eyebrow, “Have you had many… interactions with the yakuza before?”
Sojiro shrugs, “Some folks had a if you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em attitude. Or rather, if you
can’t beat ‘em, politely turn a blind eye and hold the occasional business meeting with their
leaders.”
Ren feels a bemused smile creep onto his lips. “Such a life of excitement you lead.”
“Not that exciting.” Sojiro scoffs, “Not anymore, at least. But I said I’d help and I will. Better
than you running around with shady characters and never being heard from again trying to
track this guy down.”
Ren was going to do the first part anyway. “Whatever you say, Boss. I was just about to head
out to chat with my shady characters anyway.”
Sojiro rolls his eyes, “Brat…”
There’s the clicking of claws padding down the stairs. “Joker!” Morgana calls, and Sojiro
hisses a curse under his breath, “Are you going somewhere?”
“I was gonna chat with Iwai, yeah.” Ren dutifully turns the stool next to him to Mona can
hop up onto the bar easier. “Maybe pick up Ohya on the way.”
“Let me come with!” Morgana demands, “I’m bored, Ren. All we’ve been doing is palace
infiltrations back to back. And when we’re not doing that, you’re moping.”
“I do not.” Ren protests, probably too defensive.
“You kind of do.” Sojiro comments.
Morgana puffs up proudly, “See? The chief agrees with me.”
It was a terrible idea to let Niijima and Sojiro in on the can hear Morgana club. “Fine.” Ren
scoops up Morgana in one smooth motion, and drops him into his bag, “You can come with.”
Morgana sniffs, “Good.”

“Try not to get killed.” Sojiro huffs, waving them off.
***
“Jeez, kid.” Ohya hisses when Ren sits next to her apparently a little too quick and quiet for
her drunken sensibilities, “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
Ren gives her a look.
“…I don’t think she could take you in a fight.” Morgana comments helpfully.
Ohya blinks, “Did you bring a cat to a bar?”
This is a bad start.
Ren tries again, “I wanted to talk about our deal.”
Ohya slurps loudly from her drink, “Which one?”
“…The most recent one?” Ren says. He thought that would be somewhat obvious.
“Wow, that’s crazy.” Ohya drawls, “Because I wanted to talk about whatever the hell’s been
going on for the past week.”
“Oh boy.” Morgana mutters.
Oh. Right. The news.
Ren gives a winning smile, “Well-”
“Kid.” Ohya hisses, “We chat and make a new deal one day, and the next, suddenly every
station and newspaper is blasting that the leader of the Phantom Thieves got captured and
escaped- and is it even safe for you to be in public right now?”
Ren winning smile wilts into something sheepish. “…Can I defend myself?”
“Be my guest.” Ohya says with a smack of her lips, finishing off her glass.
“That wasn’t me.” Ren says uncomfortably, “So no one’s looking for me.” He pauses. “No
one knows who I am.”
“And if you want it to stay that way, we shouldn’t be talking about this at a bar.” Ohya
grouses. She slaps her palms against her knees, and hops up, “If you wanted to talk about
that, then d’you think your weirdo gun friend could play host again?”
“I guess.” Ren concedes, slowly sliding out of his chair, and waving to Lala as she raises an
eyebrow at their quick exit.
“You wanted to see Iwai anyway.” Morgana pokes his head out of the bag slightly. “And have
you told anyone that you’re not, y’know, on the run from the law?”

“I am on the run from the law.” Ren says out of the corner of his mouth.
“Not like Akechi is!” Morgana yowls as Ohya stretches her shoulders.
“Wow, that is a cat in there!” She marvels, managing to stay on her feet with barely any sway.
She raises an eyebrow, and flips down her sunglasses, “I’m surprised Lala-chan hasn’t kicked
you out for that one.”
“Lala-chan is a generous boss.” Ren says simply, as they move out onto the streets of
Shinjuku and towards the train station.
***
Iwai, perhaps rightfully so, gives Ren a death glare as he and Ohya enter the store.
“Oh.” He intones derisively, “Look who decided to grace me with his presence.”
Ohya snorts.
“Sorry.” Ren offers.
“Why didn’t they just text you if they were worried?” Morgana wonders aloud.
That’s a pretty good question, actually. “Why didn’t you guys just text me if you were so
worried?”
Ohya and Iwai give identical eye rolls.
“Amamiya, if you broke out of prison, and the cops still had your phone, how do you think it
would look if I suddenly started texting to ask if you were okay?” Ohya drawls.
“I ain’t lookin’ to get searched by the cops.” Iwai adds his agreement.
And that’s a pretty good point.
“…How many of your other friends are going by that same logic?” Morgana suddenly sounds
very concerned.
“Hey, cat.” Iwai grunts.
“Hey!”
Iwai, cursed to only hear meows, ignores the protest and tosses his magazine onto the
counter. “So. I’m guessin’ you’re both here for a status report.”
“Sure are!” Ohya sing-songs, “I was gonna give one of my own, too. Here seemed like a
better place than a bar.”
Iwai hums in agreement, “Great. We’ll have a show and tell.” He leans back, “Who’s first?”

“Well,” Ren tugs at his fringe, “I roped in some extra help for all this, earlier today. I’ll tell
you guys if he comes up with anything useful.”
“Always good to have more hands on deck.” Ohya says like it’s a proverb as she pushes her
sunglasses up and down her face. She stops her fiddling, and hops up on the counter, ignoring
Iwai’s glare. “So! I’ll spill.”
“Impress us.” Iwai grunts.
Ohya clicks her tongue, “Not gonna happen. Listen: I’ve been digging, and pulling favours.
Hell, I’ve even been following the same trails that I was sniffing for Kayo, even now that I
know Shido’s at the end of the line, just to see if anything of interest pops up.”
She pulls out a notepad from her pocket, and starts flicking through it. Ren frowns, “…Was
there anything yakuza-related with what happened to Kayo?”
“No.” Ohya says simply, eyes still trained on her notepad. “I thought there might have been,
since they’re always pretty good contenders for when people disappear. Organised crime has
a habit of dipping its toes in trafficking, and, well,” She waves a hand, “I was doing my best
to find Kayo alive. And look how that turned out.” She tacks on in a mumble.
Oh. “Uh, she is still alive.” Ren pipes up awkwardly.
Ohya’s head snaps up. “What?”
Ren rubs the back of his neck uncomfortably. He probably should have been more specific.
Iwai looks between them, “What happened to her?”
“Mental shutdown.” Ren explains.
“Yeah.” Ohya says, emphatic, “Apparently. But those things were fatal last I checked.”
“Not always.” Ren says weakly. “If someone’s got a weaker constitution, or they collapse
into traffic,” Mona’s affronted Ren informs him that might have been a bit too callous, “Then,
yeah, they’ll probably die. But otherwise they’re just… catatonic.” He thinks.
“And that’s so much better.” Morgana sighs.
Ohya stares him down. “I’ll deal with that later.” She decides, and turns back to her notepad.
Iwai coughs. “So, what did you find?”
“Shit about shit.” Ohya declares sourly. “Kayo’s trail already had next to no leads, and none
of them were strictly to do with any particular yakuza families that I could see. I was hoping
to do some reverse engineering by following the trail all the way to Shido, but the chief’s still
blocking a lot of my research.”
“We should clear out some Mementos requests soon.” Mona says, poking his head out to give
Ren a look. Ren scratches him behind the ears in agreement.

“Maybe when Crow’s back in fighting shape?” Morgana continues, and Ren pauses.
“I asked some of my other sources for information.” Ohya says, finally settling on one page
in her notepad, “But, I was thinking- if I managed to find these family names out, doesn’t that
make it less likely that it’s our guy?”
“That just a list of family names?” Iwai jerks his chin towards the page, and Ohya nods.
“Lemme see that.”
Ohya mumbles something probably mocking under her breath, but dutifully tosses it over.
“Those are just some of the folks causing enough trouble to reach my ears. They’re not being
particularly discreet, but they’re not news-worthy like Kaneshiro was.”
Ren tilts his head, “What family was Kaneshiro part of?”
“He wasn’t.” Iwai says bluntly, scanning the notepad.
“What he said.” Ohya nods, “Kaneshiro’s business was a monetary empire. None of that code
of honour shit. I reckon he might’ve gotten a start trying to climb some family ladder, but that
clearly didn’t go anywhere. I couldn’t tell you how he managed to organise something as big
as those phishing scams, but, hey! It sure worked.”
“They sure did.” Iwai drops the notepad on the counter. “I reckon you’re right about these
families. They’re too obvious for a politician to want to be dealing with so blatantly. Discrete
ain’t in their vocabulary. Not to mention that I know what some of these families are like.
They’re too scared to dip their toes into shit like assassination.”
“They try to avoid body counts, then?” Ren leans over the counter to read the list.
Iwai makes a so-so gesture, “Eh. Not exactly. Sure, someone’ll turn up dead here and there
and they’ll have to clean up the mess, but jumping directly into paid killing is a risky
business. That’s the kind of shit you can’t find legal loopholes for. Folks’ll still do it, but
they’ll call it something else. Bodyguard work, and the like. It’s harder to find someone who
you can pass a cheque and they’ll deal with your problem. ”
Ren will take Iwai’s word for it.
“On that, actually.” Ohya cocks her head towards Ren, “You said our guy was tied to Shido
monetarily. How do we know he’s not in the same boat as Kaneshiro?”
“The tattoos, for one.” Iwai says before Ren can, “They definitely belong to some clan.”
“Did you find which one?” Ren asks eagerly.
“That’s the thing.” Iwai threads his hands together, “Your drawing stinks, kid.”
Ren frowns.
Ohya snickers. Ren turns his frown pointedly towards her.

“I’m not just sayin’ that to be mean.” Iwai continues, like a particularly condescending
teacher giving constructive criticism, “But I’ve been askin’ around, and no one has any idea
what the hell they’re lookin’ at.”
“Maybe that family is just really reclusive?” Morgana offers. Ren mentally rearranges
Morgana to be at the top of his list of friends.
“Maybe that tattoo just isn’t well known?” Ren echoes.
“Or your drawing just sucks.” Morgana adds, and Ren drops him one or two places in the
rankings.
“Could be.” Iwai responds to Ren’s question, “But the quality of your work here isn’t helpin’
us find that out.”
“So, we’ve got nothing.” Ohya finishes, blowing hair out of her face with a dejected pout.
“We’ve narrowed it down.” Ren points out, gesturing to the notepad.
“None of these guys were on my list of suspects to begin with.” Iwai mutters, before sighing,
“Don’t you also need one name?”
Ren nods, and grimaces, “Yeah.”
“So once we narrow down the potential family, we’ve still gotta narrow it down even
further.” Ohya clicks her tongue. “Let’s hope that part’s easier.”
“We can hope all we like.” Iwai says, “For now, we can either keep doin’ what we’re doing,
or you,” He jerks his chin towards Ren, “Can point us in the right direction.”
Ren bites at the inside of his cheek.
“…Assuming you have a direction to point us in.” Ohya adds.
“Not right now.” Ren shoves his hands in his pockets, “Things’ve been… hectic, but I’ll try
and drag out some new leads. I’ve got some ideas of where to start. Hopefully I can get you a
better drawing at some point, too.”
They’re running through two palaces of Shido’s inner circle, after all. They might not know
much, but they might know something, and that’s more than the absolutely nothing they have
to work with.
Sato might have his fingers in more documents than he’s technically allowed, if he had a
hand in burying Isshiki’s research. Ooe is a politician himself, so who knows? Maybe one of
those cognitions running around is the man they’re looking for.
Ren already has an idea for how to push past that particular palace’s walls.
He scratches Morgana behind the ears, as Iwai and Ohya fire off more ideas in rounds, and
feels a smirk tug at his lips.

He’ll have to ask Haru to borrow her grenade launcher.
***
Ryuji is on a routine grocery run for his mom when he nearly bowls Yusuke over reaching for
a pack of noodles.
“Woah! Uh, sorry dude.” Ryuji manages to halt his momentum relatively smoothly, only just
managing to stop a carton of eggs from unceremoniously splatting on the floor.
“Ryuji.” Yusuke is unfazed. “Hello.”
“Hey.” Ryuji blinks, “What’re you doin’ here?”
“Shopping.”
Ryuji tries his very best not to groan, because that would be rude. “Yeah, dude, I can see that.
I mean what are you doing here? The Kosei dorms aren’t anywhere near here.” Not to
mention it’s like, eight at night.
“Ah, I see.” Understanding dawns on Yusuke’s face, “Well, the grocery store closest to my
dorm is a bit overpriced, and-”
Yeah, Ryuji doesn’t wanna know. He sighs, “Don’t worry ‘bout the price, dude. I’ll pay for
your dinner or whatever.” He should probably throw in breakfast for tomorrow while he’s at
it.
Yusuke lights up, “Really? Thank you, Ryuji.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Ryuji mutters, shuffling over to one of the fridges to grab the first cheap bento
he can see. Should he really be paying for this? It’s not like he has a job, so this is his mom’s
money more than his own; but, he supposes he has a stockpile of Metaverse money since Ren
splits it evenly after a haul.
Shouldn’t Yusuke have a stockpile too? Unless he uses cash as some weird avant garde
material for his paintingsRyuji should stop thinking about this. It’s sounding a little too probable.
Begrudgingly, he pays for and shoves everything into two plastic bags, passing the one with
the bentos to Yusuke.
“Thank you.” Yusuke says again, looking quite pleased.
“No problem.” Ryuji says, digging through his bag to make sure nothings getting crushed.
“You gonna head home?”
Yusuke tilts his head, “I might stay out for a while. Or head to Inakoshira.”
Ryuji looks up, “Dude, it’s eight.”

“There are streetlights in this city.” Yusuke says, like that’s even remotely the problem.
“Do you stay out this late often?” Ryuji asks suspiciously.
Yusuke chuckles, “No, of course not. I was simply enjoying our day off to its fullest.”
“We still had to go to school.” Ryuji grumbles. Which has been weird, lately. People are
starting to get antsy about the prez’s sudden absence. Not having all of the Shujin thieves
around has been weird for Ryuji, too.
“Exactly why I was enjoying my day off so late into the evening.” Yusuke says in that snooty
way he does. Ryuji rolls his eyes and concedes that he isn’t gonna win that argument if he
tries.
“If you don’t feel like goin’ back yet, you should just eat dinner with us.” Ryuji waves a
hand, and flicks the plastic bag in Yusuke’s hands, “You can save some of that for lunch
tomorrow, too.”
“Hm.” Yusuke looks between Ryuji and the bag, “An excellent idea. Lead the way?”
“Yeah, come on.” Ryuji says, with only some put-upon exasperation.
Yusuke dutifully falls into step, “I’ve been limiting my trips to Leblanc now that it’s a
potential point of interest. Which is to say, I haven’t been at all this last week.”
“Ooh, so no free curry?” Ryuji concludes, scratching at his neck, “Yeah that sucks.” He sighs,
“I’m gonna miss that place for a while. I guess-” He cuts himself off.
Yusuke catches on, “Perhaps we will continue that particular discussion when we aren’t in
public.” He says lowly.
“Yep.” Ryuji mutters back, awkwardly trying to see if they’re being tailed by- anyone shady?
Some weird fed in shades? Ryuji isn’t cut out for this.
“So.” Yusuke says as they turn another street corner, solidly in a residential area now, “How
are you feeling about our… school project?”
Ryuji goes to reply with: we don’t go to the same school, dude, before he realises this is
probably about the thieves. “Uh, alright? ‘Taba seemed kinda stressed about it.”
“As did Makoto.” Yusuke adds.
Ryuji snorts, “When is she not?”
Yusuke looks contemplative. “You may have a point. I haven’t seen much of Ren these past
few days, but he seemed rather overwhelmed as well.”
“You can say that ‘bout everyone, though.” Ryuji rolls out his shoulder, “I thought Sumire
was gonna collapse when we were all chattin’ at Leblanc.”

Weirdly, the only person who didn’t look that stressed was Akechi. But now that Ryuji has a
better read on the guy, he’d place his bets on that being a particularly annoying facade. If
Ryuji got beat within an inch of his life, he sure as hell wouldn’t bother with downplaying it.
He pauses, and thinks back to when Ren gave him a mildly horrified look after the old track
team all took a swing at him. So maybe he would downplay it a bit.
Damn. Even in Ryuji’s own head, Akechi is still somehow winning arguments. Asshole.
“That’s to be expected.” Yusuke interrupts that unfortunate train of thoughts, “I suppose it
depends on how close to the situation everyone was for how much they were affected.”
Oh, Ryuji was affected, alright. Pacing around in his room and waiting for someone to
explain what the hell was going on was a nightmare and a half. But he knows it would have
been even worse if he had been part of the Niijima-palace-expedition crew, or like, Akechi’s
best friend or something. “Kinda makes me wish we were doin’ something more… I dunno,
involved? We’re working on the-” They’re still in public, “-uh. Stuff, now, but it feels almost
like busy work.”
“I do know what you mean.” Yusuke hums.
They lapse into silence, and Yusuke starts getting a glint in his eye.
Oh, absolutely not. Ryuji sees the writing on the wall. “No.”
Yusuke startles, “Hm?”
“We ain’t talkin’ about this anymore.” He starts speed walking home a bit faster, “Or thinking
about it.”
Yusuke looks confused, “Why not?”
“’Cause that’s the shit that got ‘Taba and Sumire and Makoto- and, ugh- those guys,” Ryuji
summarises, “To go runnin’ off on their own! I ain’t looking to make Ren cry, dude.”
“Ah.” Yusuke blinks, “I suppose I had been thinking about what else needed doing that we
could accomplish on our own.”
“See!” Ryuji points an accusatory finger, “And we’re not doin’ it!”
“We aren’t.” Yusuke agrees easily.
Too easily. “We aren’t.”
“That’s what I just said.”
Ryuji groans, “Alright, whatever. I guess Haru’s the only one of us who’s actually smart.”
Yusuke frowns, “We haven’t done anything. And neither have Ren and Morgana.”

“Mona ran off that one time.” Ryuji points out, “And, yeah, but we thought it.” He sighs,
rummaging in his pocket for his keys as they come up on his apartment block. He waves to
lady at the front desk, and lowers his voice, “And you know Ren would pull that kinda stunt
and get away with it ‘cause oh, he’s the leader. And Morgana wouldn’t take that much
convincin’ if it was Ann that asked him.”
Yusuke hums in something that’s probably a concession. “And Haru-san would not be so
easily swayed?”
Ryuji pokes his door open, “’M back, ma!” He shouts, and turns to Yusuke, “Yeah, obviously,
dude. She’s smart or whatever.”
Yusuke looks unconvinced.
Ryuji thinks back to the debacle with Haru’s fiancé that Haru herself very happily let Akechi
and Sumire force into being just a trio mission.
“On second thought,” He sighs, dumping the groceries on the kitchen table, “Maybe we’re all
stupid.”
***
Oracle: by the way
Oracle: Shido can tell where we enter palaces
Oracle: so try not to get tossed out
Oracle: not mementos tho so dont worry
The statement seems pointed at Goro, though he isn’t in the groupchat at present thanks to his
lack of phone. Ren supposes that hardly matters.
The knowledge is alarming, if not useless. What is there to be done except forge ahead
anyway?
***
Ren leads the half-present team of thieves back to lofty balcony above the entrance, not
bothering to dress up their very little progress.
He eyes the skylight that gives them a glimpse of the even grander tower that exists beyond
this segment of the building, and with little fanfare turns to Haru and asks: “Can I borrow
your gun?”
The simplest solution to a problem is often the best, Ren has decided in the interim since they
last set foot in this palace. He intends to prove this as fact, preferably in as loud and flashy a
manner as possible.
Sumire’s eyebrows start slowly creeping up her face. “…Is this going to-?”

“No idea.” Ren interrupts her, hoisting the grenade launcher onto his shoulder. Shit, this thing
is heavy. How the hell does Haru carry this thing around?
Morgana looks warily between Sumire and Ren, “Are you going to fill us in?”
Ren messes with some dials- why does this thing have dials? - and shrugs, “You’ll see.”
Haru looks slightly miffed at Ren’s handling of her gun, even though she handed it over
willingly. “Watch out for the recoil.” She hums lightly.
Ren almost snorts. Recoil never causes problems in the Metaverse. He indulges her with a
nod anyway, shifting his line of sight into the scope.
With even less fanfare this time, he aims at the glass and oh-so-delicately arranged arched
skylight, and firesAn explosion, a crack, a shatter, screams.
And, and unobscured route of exit.
- Okay, Ren thinks, as his arm nearly dislocates, maybe the Metaverse can’t dampen all the
recoil.
“Woah!” Morgana yelps, “Joker?!”
“No sense playing socialite when we can just do that, right?” Ren says, gingerly passing the
grenade launcher back to Haru.
“The security level is through the roof!”
“Is there a roof, anymore?” Sumire muses under her breath.
“Shadows are right there!”
“You scuffed it.” Haru observes, frowning at her gun.
Ren sighs, “Sorry. It’s just a mark, I’m sure it’ll-”
“Guys!” Morgana shrieks, “The shadows!”
Oh, right. Ren quickly wraps his arm around Haru’s waist, and readies his grappling hook.
She makes a surprised noise of protest at first, but quickly catches on and loops her arms
around Ren’s neck.
“Hold the fort.” He says to Sumire and Morgana, and aims his wrist towards the tower
previously out of reach.
His grappling hook catches- somewhere- above the now shattered skylight, is the point, and
Ren and Haru are ripped off the ground with dizzying force. Haru laughs, and Ren grins in
turn, snickering down at the panicked cognitions and shadows below.

They pass through the defunct ceilingThe palace is not supposed to work like this.
Ren feels it. An instinct, a rule being written and carved into his skull as he works to break it.
Palaces are malleable, accommodating, and such hospitality being spurned by brute force is a
misstep, to say the least.
Out! Ooe’s voice echoes and resounds in his skull, Not that way, that way isn’t, noBut they shattered the physical barrier, and logic dictates that they can now pass. And, so
they do.
(That same sensation. The one from a week prior. Jagged glass slicing and snagging and
pulling at his skin as he passes by, andYou heard the man, A voice that is not Ooe says, Out.
But Ren does not leave. That voice has not pulled the right threads. The Metaverse bends as
it should for the wildcard it was built to sustain.)
Hm.
The phantom pains fade, and Ren and Haru land.
Haru breathes out a shaky breath, “Goodness, that was…”
“You felt it too?” Ren snaps to look at her.
“I believe so.” Haru rebalances, carefully placing her feet against the curved roof, a few
metres away from the shattered skylight. “Something wanted me to leave. Quite forcefully
so, at that.”
“Did it hurt?”
Haru blinks, “No. I assume it did for you, then.” She tilts her head, “You and Crow were
specifically denied access to the Metaverse over the rest of us, last week.”
Ren had been thinking something along those lines. “Yeah.”
Haru frowns. She turns, “Perhaps you should go rescue Violet and Mona-chan before they
have to fight the entire floor…?”
Ren starts back into action, and dives back over the edge with only a slight grimace towards
the sharp edges where the glass didn’t shatter all the way.
***
That sensation doesn’t make a return on a second run, but Sumire and Morgana’s
discomforted expressions make it clear that they felt it too.

Ren makes a note to pester the twins. The Velvet Room door stands, as ever, at the front of
Ooe’s palace like any other.
“Well.” Morgana starts, “Y’know, Joker, it’d be great if you warned us about doing stuff like
that before you did them.”
Ren shrugs, “Worked, didn’t it?”
“That can’t be your answer for everything!”
Ren smirks, “Can’t it?”
“Ugh!” Morgana turns away with a huff, addressing only Haru and Sumire, “Aside from
that, we really aren’t supposed to be here.”
“I got that feeling, yes.” Sumire mumbles.
“More than just that.” Morgana shakes his head, “Not only are we outside of where Ooe
would probably consider a pathway, we’re breaking sequence. Usually when we do stuff like
this, we’re convincing the palace ruler that we’re allowed to.”
“None of that here.” Ren comments mildly, eyeing the giant hole in the ceiling.
“Nope.” Morgana agrees, “Which means the security level has been rising ever since we set
foot here.”
“Oh.” Ren should have seen this coming.
Haru hums, “I suppose this is similar to when Crow tried to force his way past that first door
in my father’s palace. The security level shot up when he tried to level it open, remember?”
“And now we’re constantly breaking a rule.” Sumire finishes, biting at her lip.
Ren is quite glad that Goro isn’t here for the comparison to be made. He’d never let Ren live
it down.
“Now that we’re here, we may as well make use of it, though.” Haru says diplomatically,
now Ren’s new best friend, “Um…”
Sumire tilts her head, “What is it?”
Ren sees the problem. “Well, this is a roof.”
And just a roof. The tower is there, presumably leading to more of the palace, but there isn’t
much in the way of doors.
There are windows, however.
Hm.
“…Hey, Mona.” Ren says slyly, “Do you have a spare grappling hook?”

“…No.” Morgana’s eyes narrow suspiciously, “But I can make one, if you have some
materials lying around.”
Ren always has junk in his pockets. “I do.”
“Why?” Morgana asks, even more suspicious.
“Because,” Ren grins, “We can scale a tower a lot faster if I don’t have to make two return
trips.”
Sumire’s hand slowly creeps towards her other wrist, as she looks deep in thought.
Ren grins at her, “You in?”
Sumire grins conspiratorially, “Sounds fun.”
***
It is quite fun.
The first ledge is easy to grab. Sumire goes first, Morgana clinging fearfully to her shoulders,
and she does a frankly unnecessary flip to crack the window with her heel. She lands neatly
on the small outcropping, waiting, and Ren’s own grappling hook shatters the window fully,
he and Haru tumbling through the window with the force of it all.
It’s an actual connecting passageway. Ren thought he’d never see the day.
The floor is also coated with red carpet.
Ren isn’t a navigator, but the oppressive red pulse of a palace on high alert is hard to miss.
“There!” A shadow dressed in a security uniform shouts.
Ren grins nervously, and steps back towards the window with Haru in tow, “Next one up,
Violet!”
“Got it!” She says from out side, “It’s to the right!”
She zips off, accompanied by a panicked yowl from Morgana. Ren and Haru quickly hoist
themselves back on the ledge, and Ren spies the window Sumire is aiming for as she crashes
her way through, not bothering to wait on the ledge this time.
“Ready?” He asks Haru.
Haru hums, and inclines her head towards the shadow that’s on their tail. “Might want to
hurry.”
Ren laughs, and fires off.
They tumble through the opening, awkwardly swinging around the slight curve of the circular
tower before catching on the edge. Haru lands with more grace than before, gingerly stepping

on more red carpet.
“Is this whole tower covered in this?” Sumire grimaces.
Ren is just glad that the security level can’t get much higher. “Maybe you need to be
personally escorted if you want to go any further than we managed to get.”
“That’s possible.” Morgana agrees.
“Is it red carpet all the way to the end?” Haru asks.
Morgana shakes his head, “I don’t think so. This feels like… the middle of the palace,
maybe? Not just this floor of the tower, I mean that there’s more building past the tower.”
“Huh.” Ren considers this, as two shadows skid around a corner. “Up and around, then?”
Sumire quickly scoops Morgana back onto her shoulders, “Up and around.”
And off they go again. They stop bothering with entering every single window as they creep
their way around the circumference in bursts. Sumire calls out an acknowledgement of more
of the same! as she peers into the windows each time she makes a landing.
(That feeling of wrong, wrong, wrong, comes in bursts and waves. Ren learns to balance the
ebb and flow with as much grace as he can muster, but he still holds tighter to Haru than
strictly necessary, just in case.)
Ren sees the tail of Sumire’s coat disappear high up above, a flash of red trailing behind. He
hooks onto a ledge, not even a window, he thinks, the momentum sending him careening up,
up, curved,
And onto the roof.
“It almost looks pretty like this.” Sumire observes, her heels digging into the shingles of the
spire tower roof.
She’s not wrong. For as gaudy and irritatingly reminiscent of Madarame’s palace Ooe’s
pocket of delusion seems to be, this high up the lights glitter from the eternal self
congratulation, flickering against the night in pinprick gemstones.
“Look.” Haru inclines her head, “That’s the rest of it, then?”
Past the tower they’ve just scaled, is a mirror of the palace before. A skylight with
chandeliers and clumped cognitions that look barely any more defined than ants from this
high up.
The primary difference is that the red carpet is smack bang in the middle of the room.
That, and Ren can see the treasure from here.
Go figure.

“Is- is that just it?” Sumire asks, seemingly spotting the same thing.
Morgana hums a negative. “No… not quite.”
“It’s right there, isn’t it?” Haru asks.
“Sure, but we won’t be able to tell if we can actually access it until we get up close.”
Morgana explains, “Or if there’s a fast one that the ruler shadow is waiting to pull.”
“Right.” Ren agrees, and shoves his hands in his pockets as he looks over the edge. “Which
means we’ve gotta get down.”
Sumire adjusts her new grappling hook around her wrist. “…Should we abseil?
Morgana gives a long-suffering, and mildly terrified, sigh.
Ren grins. “Nah.” He signals for Haru to grab on, “I can think of a faster way.”
Morgana’s expression turns from nervous to despairing, “Joker, please don’t-”
Ren laughs, and pulls both himself and Haru into a flying leap off the edge. He twists midair,
firing back at the roof ledge- grinning and letting out a private sigh of relief as he strikes true.
He carefully slows their descent like a trapeze artist in cloth, hoping the comparisons end at
his self-proclaimed grace before he ends up a tangled mess in metal wires. Above, he can
hear a yowl and the pitter-patter of heels on ceramics, before there’s a sudden absence, a
whoosh , a shhh, and a crack, and Ren doesn’t bother looking up to see that Sumire has
followed suit.
Ren feels the wire run short, and jerks his wrist to detach himself from the tether just before
he and Haru go crashing through their second skylight of the day.
“Zorro!”
A burst of gale-force winds, and their descent is pillowed one last time. They all hit the floor
with the only amount of grace anyone throwing themselves off a notably tall tower can.
Which is to say: not particularly graceful.
Morgana lets out a pitiful mew as all his fur stands on end, “Let’s never do that again.”
Ren privately agrees that maybe that was a bit much, even for him. Aloud, he has a reputation
to maintain. “I don’t know. It was better than shmoozing our way through the palace.”
“That might still be the final hurdle.” Haru says, and points towards the treasure.
It is shimmering, indistinct, as all treasures are. At its side, Ooe’s shadow sips at a
champagne flute and chatters with cognitions that toe the line of the red carpet.
“…We might be starting a fight if we get close enough to check if we can access the
treasure.” Sumire points out.

Ren thinks that’s an ordeal for another day. Everyone looks tired. Morgana looks vaguely
sick.
Ren owes his poor cat a lot of sushi, he thinks.
“There’s should be a safe room nearby.” Ren declares, “Let’s save our progress.”
***
On the way out, Ren returns to his mental note.
“What do you want, inmate?” Caroline scoffs as Ren approaches.
Ren shrugs, “Thanks for the information the other day. And for fixing up… everything.”
“It was our duty as wardens.” Justine says simply. “…But you did not make conversation just
to express your gratitude.”
Ren really has been neglecting his friendship with the twins. He hopes that Lavenza will
forgive him once she’s back. And that she’ll remember everything from last time. “I wanted
to ask if everything is fully fixed.”
Caroline scowls, “What’re you implying, inmate!?”
Ren shuffles out of baton range, “It’s just- I felt something.”
“Something.” Justine echoes, in a tone that might be sardonic.
“Like the palace wanted us out of here.” Ren elaborates.
The twins exchange a look.
Caroline taps her baton against her shoulder, “How much do you understand about what
happened last week?”
Ren raises an eyebrow, “…The Nav stopped working.” He summarises, “The Velvet Room
was… leaking. Wildcards specifically couldn’t get in the cognitive world. Mementos had a
bit more leeway, but not for me.”
“That sums up the symptoms. ” Justine nods, “But the exact cause was a little more
involved.”
Ren doesn’t need the twins to tell him that it was all Yaldabaoth’s fault. He doesn’t think they
will admit it was all their master’s fault. He tilts his head, “…Yeah?”
Caroline pulls her hat down, face scrunched in thought, “Everything got really sharp, for a
bit. The barrier that exists to let people like you in got pulled out of shape.”
“A thread came loose.” Justine continues, “The fact that it could come loose at all is the
structural flaw of the Metaverse that we attempted to warn the defendant about.”

Right. “I thought you said that reality would fix itself, though?”
“It did.” Caroline says simply, “But if one thread of a knitted blanket comes loose, what do
you do?”
Ren has never knitted anything before. “…Knit it back in?” He guesses.
“Yes.” Justine nods, “But think: how would you do that without undoing the entire blanket to
start knitting from where the weave came loose?”
“With great tedium.” Ren says.
Caroline rolls her eyes, “You got that right.”
“We can’t undo the weave like that.” Justine finishes with a nod, “So we, and the natural
forces that keep reality together, had to settle for a second-rate fix.”
Great. “So something like that could happen again?” Ren pushes.
“I guess?” Caroline shrugs, “It’d be harder to pull a fast one like that now that we’re ready
for the possibility.”
“The sensations that you have been feeling are more akin to stress scars.” Justine says, “The
Metaverse bends to influence from cognition. So, if a palace ruler, a being on this side who is
granted great influence on space, wants you to leave…”
“Then the Metaverse will try to kick us out.” Ren deduces, then frowns. “But that doesn’t
usually happen.”
“No.” Caroline agrees, “’Cause you get priority.”
“But the incident last week rearranged things so that you distinctly didn’t get priority.” Justine
adds.
“So now that everything’s fixed, your presence here is uncontested again.” Caroline shrugs,
“But that lumpy thread means that things waver, sometimes.”
“I think I get it.” Ren mumbles.
“Well, good.” Caroline huffs, and crosses her arms, “We did all we could!”
“I know.” Ren says quickly. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” Caroline sniffs.
“So you’re definitely sure this won’t be a problem?” Ren hazards one last time.
The twins exchange yet another look.
“We’re sure.” Justine eventually says.

Ren hopes, for everyone’s sake, that their confidence in the matter is well founded.

Chapter End Notes

sometimes Gun is a valid solution to your obstruction-based problems. and other things
probably said by Haru Okumura
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! i do somewhat regret having the confidants list present on every chapter
since it takes up unnecessary space in these notes when nothing changes, but at the same
time i just *know* i'd lose track of the numbers if i didn't have this here every week.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 7
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Morgana: hear me, hear me, i am the encyclopedia of all things cognitiveRen: [gunshots, explosions, screams]
Ren: huh?
Morgana: well, at least i can say your death will be solidly your fault.

Chapter 85
Chapter Summary

stories, and foolhardy detours

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

To say that Futaba is on edge entering Sato’s palace again would be an understatement.
After very thoroughly failing her sidequest on her leader-mandated off day, her nerves and
spiralling thoughts have only worsened. Her irritation at the whole affair has spiked, too.
She gets it, she does. How could she not? She knows why Makoto is wary and Ann is
nervous and Akechi is tight-lipped. She was all those things and far more when she was
rotting in her room, building her sandstone grave brick by brick.
The fact that it’s just the shoe being on the other foot doesn’t give her much in the way of
comfort. She talked. Eventually.
In theory, Akechi will talk eventually, but why should that matter when Futaba can get
answers now?
Makoto is quick to warp them to their furthest safe room on the fifth floor, just past the maze
of laser tag. Futaba notices with some pride, in their short stint in the lobby before Makoto
activates the Nav, that their team is sitting pretty in the top twenty-five on the leaderboard.
She wonders what threshold they’ll have to clear to pass the next challenge.
“Everyone ready?” Makoto asks, hands hovering over the safe room door, “I have no idea
what to expect. We didn’t take a good look around before leaving last time.”
Futaba hasn’t got a map of the area either, but she asks Necronomicon for a summary
nonetheless. She, predictably, annoyingly, comes back with nothing. “Guess we’ll find out.”
She announces. “I’m ready.”
The other thieves announce much the same, and Makoto pushes the door open.
The hallway-looks the same as all the other hallways in this stupid palace. God, does Sato not have a
creative bone in his body? Did he go to one arcade and base all his cognitive delusion around
it? Not that Futaba herself has been to many arcades outside herself, but the point stands-

“Hey, look.” Ann says, pointing to the end of the hall, “Uh… I guess that’s the next game.”
Ah.
If it isn’t, they’ll be in a pickle.
The hallway is a dead end. There’s a single arcade machine propped up against the wall, dead
centre; a normal size, unlike the massive one found on the first floor. Makoto frowns at it
warily, and signals for everyone to move closer.
Ryuji looks it up and down, “It ain’t labelled.”
“Terrible design.” Yusuke mutters.
Futaba, for once, agrees with Inari. “Seriously. Would it kill them to let us know what we’re
getting into?”
“Do the controls give anything away?” Ann asks, moving to poke at the machine before
thinking better of it and pulling back.
“Nope.” Futaba says with a pop, “I mean, they’re kinda weird. They look more like the NES
controller buttons than your usual arcade stuff, but that doesn’t exactly narrow it down.”
Makoto hums, considering this. “I suppose there’s not much else to do other than start the
game.” She turns to Futaba, “…Would you like to do the honours?”
Ryuji groans, “Can’t I get a turn?”
“How proficient are you at games, truly?” Yusuke asks with some scepticism.
“I’m good! ” Ryuji protests, “’Sides, not like Oracle’s any more prepared than I am.”
Internally, Futaba supposes that’s true. Externally, she has a reputation of overconfidence in
her field to uphold. “Rock paper scissors!” She demands.
Ryuji rolls his eyes, but silently holds his hands out for a game.
Futaba shoots scissors. Ryuji, to her great chagrin, shoots rock.
Ryuji smirks, smug as Futaba’s ever seen him, “Always pick rock.” He declares.
“That’s not how it works at all!” Futaba complains.
“Sure, oh loser .” Ryuji drawls as he cracks his knuckles, taking his place in front of the
arcade machine. He pokes at some of the buttons, and the screen comes to life.
Enter Name_ it reads.
Ryuji mumbles something under his breath, and painstakingly enters PHNTM THVS into the
machine. The screen flashes in confirmation, and goes dark.

Then, everything goes dark.
Then, everything is very abruptly not dark.
In place of a musty hallway with poor lighting, is a garishly bright, pixelated scene of the
Diet building Futaba takes it back. She likes the shitty hallway.
Makoto whips her head around, looking alarmed, “…The exit’s gone.” She announces.
Sure enough, Futaba looks behind them, and sees that the rest of the hall has been replaced
by an empty void. Necronomicon isn’t pinging immediate danger, but Futaba wouldn’t take
her chances stepping in it nonetheless.
The rest of the thieves appear to be in various states of baffled. Futaba’s feeling it pretty
strongly herself.
A textbox materialises, suspended in the air.
Game Start! The textbox reads, Find your way to the top.
“…Of the Diet buildin’?” Ryuji mutters.
A clickThe scene changes. Rather than the looming form of the National Diet, there is an office.
Grand, but minimalist. There is a floor-to-ceiling window that stretches the entirety of the far
wall, framing a sunset that bathes the office in red. The desk sits so that it faces the room, and
a cabinet of what Futaba can only assume is alcohol sits nestled between the filing cabinets
and beneath the clock.
Seated at the desk, is a man entirely in shadow, backlit by the red. The only thing illuminated
on him are a pair of glasses that glow orange, and his eyes that peek over top- a rusty brown.
Another textbox.
1996 - 5:46 pm - His office
???: I believe the terms are favourable.
> Attack
> Defend
> Agree to the terms
> [Explore]
“What,” Futaba says with the utmost eloquence, “The fuck.”

Ann shushes her. Futaba freezes.
…Nothing happens. Beyond the occasional glitch in the pixel aesthetic, the picture before
them is entirely still.
“I think we’re able to discuss.” Makoto says quietly.
“What the eff? ” Ryuji blurts, gesturing violently to the scene before them.
“I think I know what kind of game this is.” Futaba mutters.
“Please, elaborate.” Yusuke says, sounding quite a bit out of his depth.
“It… looks like a visual novel or an RPG.” Futaba decides, “And not the linear kind.”
At least, the kind that will let them make different choices. Jury’s still out on whether they’d
be punished for them. Likely in a drain their vitality sense.
“So we’ve just gotta… make choices?” Ann asks, frowning at the hovering textbox and the
unblinking man.
“Yup.” Ryuji nods, equally unsettled, “What was it the first thing said? ‘Find your way to the
top’? Are we playin’ as Sato, or something?”
“I’d think so.” Makoto says, “…this is taking place twenty years ago, if that ‘1996’ is
supposed to be the year.”
“So: make good choices.” Futaba announces, “Or bad ones, if Sato’s life sucks.”
“I suppose we will find out rather quickly.” Yusuke muses darkly, “But, first; who is this
man?”
There’s only one person it could be. “Shido.” Futaba says.
“Most likely.” Makoto agrees. “Does that mean the conspiracy has been going on for over
twenty years?”
“Shit.” Ryuji puffs out his cheeks.
“Crow might know for certain.” Yusuke points out.
Annoying that he isn’t here.
“We can ask when we get back.” Ann says, “But first…”
They all turn back to the choices before them.
Attack, defend, agree to the terms, or explore?
“What do attack and defend even mean? ” Ann mutters.

“No idea!” Futaba says, “So let’s not press those.”
“I say we explore.” Ryuji says, “It looks kinda different from the other choices, and agreein’
to the terms is…”
“Unwise.” Makoto finishes, “We can assume that this scenario is Sato and Shido negotiating
the terms of their partnership.”
“Probably.” Futaba says.
Makoto sighs, “I say we explore too. Any objections?”
No one speaks up. Makoto nods, and hesitates a beat before reaching her hand out and
pressing [Explore]
> [Explore]
> You reread the contract.
>…
> The terms are favourable.
“…If we’re playing as Sato,” Ann speaks up, “Then we’re probably trying to match what he
did, right? Even if this is all super sketchy, he probably agreed.”
“True.” Yusuke nods, “There’s nothing else to do, besides.”
Makoto presses her lips together, but nods again, and touches Agree to the terms.
> Agree to the terms.
???: I knew you’d see reason. You barely have to do a thing, really.
???: I look forward to working with you, Sato.
???: In fact, I already have a favour to ask.
The scene changes abruptly.
With the red-tinged office gone, there is now a cramped room that reminds Futaba a little too
much of her own from not too long ago. Trash piled high, and a sickly green glow from
several monitors. Beneath that, there is a cluttered desk with a falling-apart chair.
1996 - 12:01 am - Your office
He’s given you a job.
> Attack
> Lie

> [Explore]
Futaba thinks that’s probably going to be disorienting every time that happens.
“Uh.” Ryuji blinks, “…Guess we should explore again, huh?”
“It doesn’t seem to have any consequences…” Yusuke hums in agreement.
Makoto reaches out and taps [Explore]
> [Explore]
> You reread the job
> He wants you to bury the media coverage of a small scandal
> As He is, He barely has His foot in the door
> It could ruin Him
“How vague.” Yusuke sighs.
“We still don’t know what ‘attack’ does.” Makoto says, “But ‘lie’ doesn’t exactly spell out
what it means, either.”
“Maybe it’s like, lying about doing the job?” Ann suggests.
Ryuji shrugs, “Maybe.” He grins, “Hey, if this scandal or whatever could ruin Shido, then
maybe we should lie.”
“Is that… how it works?” Makoto asks dubiously.
“Try it.” Futaba deadpans.
Makoto hover uncomfortably over the choices, “…Is that a genuine suggestion?”
“Finding the consequences for failure early on could be beneficial.” Yusuke says mildly.
“Hey!” Ryuji protests, “It might not be the wrong choice!”
Ann laughs nervously, “So…?”
Makoto clicks her tongue, “Oh, screw it. Brace yourselves.” And she jams her fist down on
Lie.
> Lie
> You lie about burying the scandal
> It ruins him

> He can ruin you, too
Everything blacks out.
[GAME OVER]
There’s a series of grunts, and shouts of pain. Futaba feels razors lance through her mind, and
she instinctively whips up her hands to clutch at her head.
Try Again?
> Yes
> No
“Mediarama.” Makoto chokes out, and the pain abates.
“ Shit. ” Ryuji says, emphatic.
“Lesson learned.” Futaba groans.
“Do we have to start from the beginning?” Ann complains.
Makoto rubs at her temples, “There’s only one way to fine out,” She says, and presses Yes.
They’re immediately brought back to what must be Sato’s office.
“Ah.” Yusuke tilts his head, “A silver lining.”
“Yeah, well, let’s not do that again.” Ann says snappily.
“Agreed.” Makoto says.
Futaba shuffles forward, “Well? Attacking is all we can do.”
Makoto leans forward and presses Attack.
> Attack
A flash.
> You deploy Trojan viruses at various media outlets through documents disguised as
anonymous tips
> You erase the problematic material from their servers
> He gives you another job
Everything goes black again. When the scene rearranges, it’s the exact same room.
1998 - 1:43 am - Your office

He’s given you a job
> Attack
> Lie
> [Explore]
Makoto taps [Explore] without preamble.
> [Explore]
> You reread the job
> Someone keeps contacting Him
> Cut her off
> Make sure she gets a hint
When the text flashes back to the main set of choices, [Explore] is still an option.
Ann furrows her brow, “We can explore again?”
“Perhaps there’s more information to be uncovered.” Yusuke muses.
“Yeah, I effin’ hope so.” Ryuji grouses, “Obviously we gotta do the job or we die, but that
description’s vague as hell.”
Makoto hums her agreement, and presses [Explore] again.
> [Explore]
> She’s begging Him for money
> He met her at some club
> She couldn’t possibly ruin Him
Something like unease settles in Futaba’s gut.
Makoto presses her lips together, “Well…”
Ann looks distinctly uncomfortable, “All we can do is attack.”
Makoto sighs through her nose, and presses Attack.
> Attack
> You make sure she can’t contact Him

> She’d only be damning herself if she tries to turn it into a scandal
> The matter is settled
> He gives you another job
The lights black out, and reset back to Sato’s office.
Ryuji groans, “Is this gonna be the whole game?”
The textbox lights up again.
2000 - 12:32 am - Your office
He’s given you a job
> Attack
> Lie
> Research
> [Explore]
Futaba raises an eyebrow, “Research is new.”
“I guess the options fit the scenario.” Ann muses, “But research what? ”
“Let’s find out…” Makoto says, and presses [Explore]
> [Explore]
> You reread the job
> He’s interested in a certain field of science
Futaba’s eyes widen.
> He wants you to contact the major players to see if they can strike a deal
> The Kirijo and Nanjo groups are top of the list
“Kirijo…” Makoto echoes, “Don’t they make electronics?”
“Perhaps more than that.” Yusuke crosses his arms, “Surely this field of science is in
reference to cognitive psience, correct?”
“It’s gotta be.” Ryuji nods eagerly, “Then… is ‘research’ figurin’ out what’s up with these
groups?”
“Press research.” Futaba says quickly, “It’s gotta be there for a reason.”

Makoto looks unsure, but presses it nonetheless.
> Research
> You dig deeper before you ask around
> Nanjo is unavailable. You deem them a lost cause. All their exploits are buried deeper than
you can find
> Kirijo was involved in an incident in 1999. If it came to light it could be a scandal
> Someone notices your probing
>…
> You direct Him towards an up-and-coming psientist
Everything goes dark. When the light comes back, the scene has changed entirely.
The pixel art depicts a dark street outside of what looks like a mansion. The mansion itself
glows in the night, a party of some sort going on inside- or, Futaba assumes as such.
2000 - 11:45 pm - His residence
A woman suddenly appears on the street. She sports a cold stare, her piercing eyes a dull red,
her honey-brown hair coming past her shouldersOh.
Futaba, and everyone, as they all suck in a sharp breath, knows exactly who this is. The
unease roiling in her gut threatens to bubble and spill over.
???: Hey.
???: Is he in there?
> Who?
> No.
Ryuji blows out a breath, “What the hell.”
“…They look remarkably alike.” Yusuke says quietly.
But not as alike as Futaba had pictured in her mind.
“…Don’t shut her down.” Ann says.
Makoto nods tightly, and presses Who?
???: Masa.

???: Shido, I mean.
???: This is his house, so it’s his party. Is he still there?
> He is.
> What difference would that make for you?
Makoto hesitates over the options.
“I say the second.” Futaba votes, when no one else says anything.
“…I don’t wanna be an ass to her.” Ryuji mumbles.
Yusuke’s folded arms tighten. “Nor do I.” He says, “But…”
“…It’s not inherently antagonistic.” Makoto points out. “And, well… she isn’t real.”
Ann sighs, clearly dissatisfied, “Go for the second, then.”
Makoto presses the second option. As she does, the woman’s face changes to a tight grimace.
???: I guess it doesn’t make a difference, does it.
???: I wonder what poor soul he has hanging off his hip tonight.
> His researcher, these days
> You should leave
> [Explore]
Futaba feels sick, looking at the first choice.
Makoto stiffly taps on [Explore]
> [Explore]
> This woman looks vaguely familiar
> She couldn’t ruin Him if she tried
“What the hell is his researcher, these days supposed to mean?” Ann says venomously.
Futaba doesn’t want to know.
She does want to know.
She“Oracle?” Makoto prompts quietly.

“Just press it.” Futaba blurts.
???: Unsurprising. ‘Researcher’ sounds like a euphemism anyway.
> It’s not
> You should leave
That’s it?
That’s too much.
Ryuji’s eyes flick towards Futaba. “I think that’s enough, probably…”
Makoto quickly nods, and presses You should leave.
The woman’s face shifts back to that cold stare.
???: Really?
???: I don’t even know why I came here. He’ll just toss me out if I try get inside.
???: If you had any sense, you’d leave too.
> I was waiting for a taxi
> Don’t bother coming back
Someone sighs, and Makoto bites at her lip as she presses the first option.
Everything goes dark. When light returns, a scene isn’t there at all. Instead, a textbox hangs
in air.
Save Your Game?
> Yes
> No
Makoto’s shoulders slump with relief, and she slams her hand against Yes.
The textbox disappears, and in its place, a non-pixelated, distinctly three dimensional door
flickers into existence.
“It’s a safe room.” Futaba says on instinct, and they all hastily barrel inside.
Ann sighs dramatically as she lays herself out on the couch, though with notably less energy
than normal. Ryuji awkwardly pulls himself up to sit on the table, as Makoto and Yusuke
hover without taking chairs of their own.
Futaba pulls herself into one of the chairs, and tucks her knees under her chin.

“Let’s not mention this to Akechi, yeah?” Ann speaks up.
“He might already have seen it.” Yusuke points out solemnly, “He mentioned exploring this
palace, did he not?”
“Only the first floor.” Futaba corrects, “He told me.”
And, Akechi would have put up a much bigger fight about exploring these palaces if he knew
what was hiding in the top floors.
She thinks: If the shoe were, again, placed on the other foot, would she appreciate being kept
in the dark?
Her instinct: Absolutely not.
She doesn’t think Akechi would be happy about it either, on principle. But at the same time,
this isn’t hidden research with truths about his mother buried with it. This isn’t new
information in any sense of the phrase.
But, still,
“Let’s not tell him.” Futaba says. She might tell him anyway.
Makoto nods, “Alright.” She takes out her phone, “Let’s call it, for today.”
***
Akechi has run out of his paper-thin tolerance for being kept away from the Metaverse.
If he didn’t know any better (and, for all intents and purposes, he doesn’t) he’d say that Ren is
so insistent on keeping him away from palace diving out of spite.
If it is out of concern, it’s misplaced. Akechi wants no part of it.
(He just wants things to beThere are brief pockets in time, where things feelNot right.
But stable. Little wires of possibility that tug and rend at the path beneath and pave the way
towards something, as opposed to the stagnation and waiting that has so often plagued him
this pastHow long?
Well.
Nonetheless, now he isn’t even being granted an illusion of control.)
There are ways to take back control, of course.

The first is theft. Risky, and a with a guarantee of being caught, even if he manages to get
what he wants. Akechi discards that one as a last resort.
The second is buying a new phone. Equally risky, with higher stakes. Akechi isn’t looking to
get thrown in yet another room where he’s beaten and drugged within an inch of his life (and
likely further, the second time around), so he tosses this idea as well.
The third,
Annoyingly, requires some help.
She did offer. Partially in jest, Akechi is sure, but he has a feeling she’d agree anyway,
disapproving side-eyes notwithstanding. He just isn’t sure he wants her there, for where he
needs to go.
Her presence is the lesser of three evils.
Perhaps having company will be for the best. Robin muses. Akechi rolls his eyes.
He shuffles into the main living space, where Sae sits on the couch, while Makoto and Ann
chat idly in the kitchen, snacking on a bag of chips that they neglected to offer to share.
Akechi does his best to suppress his scowl at this entire situation.
“Sae-san.” Akechi says, and the chatter in the kitchen pauses. “Can I borrow my phone?”
Sae looks away from her laptop, “What for?”
What is she, his mother? “I wanted to make a call to Haru-san.”
“…What for?” Makoto asks, her inflection near identical to her sister’s.
Akechi glares at her, “Is that your business?”
Makoto scowls.
Sae huffs, and pulls out the phone that she’s taken to holding hostage, “I’ll need it back.”
Akechi wonders if they’ll give it back to him once he’s been officially cleared for Metaverse
diving, or if that trust will be stripped from him forever. It shouldn’t be. Ann and Makoto get
to keep their ticket to the cognitive world.
He can be patient.
You’re being impatient right now.
Akechi didn’t ask for Robin’s opinion.
“I’ll get it back to you as soon as possible.” Akechi says with a heavy layer of irony, for his
own benefit, and strides back to his room.
Haru picks up remarkably quickly.

“Hello? Goro-kun?” A pause, “Or would this be Niijima-san?”
“It’s me.” Akechi lies back on his bed to stare at the ceiling, “I’ve commandeered my phone
back for one conversation.”
Haru giggles, “Let’s make it count, then.”
“Of course.”
“What did you want to speak with me about?”
Akechi thinks of how to pitch this. “…You went to Ooe’s palace today, yes?”
“We did.” Haru confirms.
“How did it go?”
A pause. “Ren-kun is quite the thrill-seeker.” She says evasively.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, and shares a look with the ceiling. “…Is that to say that you’re too
exhausted to consider another trip to the Metaverse this evening?”
Another, longer, pause. “What is it that you’re asking, Goro-kun?”
“To join me in something foolish and destructive.”
Haru sighs.
“Is that a no?”
“It’s a ‘what are you going to do if I say no?’” Haru says wearily.
“Go by myself.” Akechi decides aloud.
“Well I suppose that’s settled, isn’t it?”
“You don’t have to.” Akechi says quickly. “If you’re too tired, then-”
“I’m not.” Haru assures him, “So long as we don’t run into too much trouble, I’ll be alright.”
“We won’t go looking for it.” Akechi says.
“Good.” Haru seems slightly mollified. “You’re asking me because you need discrete access
to the Metaverse, correct?”
“…Something like that.” Akechi admits.
Haru laughs under her breath, “Then… I’ll meet you directly in your room?”
It’s a good thing she visited earlier, Akechi thinks. She doesn’t have to guess which room
he’s in. “That works.”

“Good.” Haru says. “To doing something foolish and destructive, then.”
Akechi smiles, a private thing between him and the ceiling.
“To doing something foolish and destructive.” He says in a mockery of a toast, and finally
stands to give Sae the phone back.
***
Haru is punctual as ever.
She arrives twenty minutes past their conversation, quiet as a phantom. Akechi is glad that
the state of Ann’s apartment in Mementos is solid enough to allow such an accurate landing
to reality. He supposes that having four residents to construct a cognitive impression of the
place is helpful.
Haru places an unnecessary hand on his shoulder, and whispers to her phone, “Mementos.”
And the world warps, shifts, and reforms.
Haru breathes out a relieved sigh, as though sneaking out of the Takamaki residence was in
any way challenging. “Well, we’re here.”
“Indeed we are.” Akechi responds drily.
Haru looks vaguely exasperated at that response, “Shall we get going, then? We’ll have to
walk all the way to Shibuya station.”
“We’re not going to Shibuya station.” Akechi says, pushing his bedroom door open.
Haru doesn’t follow immediately, and then she stumbles to quickly catch up, “…We’re not?”
“No.”
“Where are we going?” Haru asks with some trepidation.
No good way to say this. “The Diet building.”
Haru’s footsteps halt again. “…You’re serious.”
Akechi swallows, and keeps pushing forward, “Extremely.”
Haru swiftly moves to keep pace at his side, “Might I ask why?”
Akechi would rather she didn’t, but she’s going to find out the second they set foot on the
cruiser anyway. “There’s something I want to talk to.”
“Something?”
“No better word for it.” Akechi mutters.

“Are you going to force me to play a guessing game, Goro-kun?” Haru asks coolly.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I want to speak with Shido’s cognition of myself. Happy?”
“Absolutely not!” Haru blurts, “Why would you want to talk to- that?”
Akechi distantly muses that Haru is the best person to talk to when discussing shitty
cognitions. “It’s interesting.”
“Interesting.” Haru despairs.
“Among other things.” Akechi grits.
“Goro-kun.” Haru says firmly, “I don’t think this qualifies as not looking for trouble.”
They reach the street outside Ann’s apartment. “A few months ago, I would have agreed with
you.” Akechi says mildly, trying to remember the way to walk to the Diet building, “But it’s
been surprisingly docile, of late.”
Haru pointedly does not respond.
“And besides,” Akechi tries to dig his way out of his self-made grave, “The two of us could
take it down easily. It crumples like paper.” From a bullet; but between himself and Haru,
they have those in spades.
“You’ve killed it before.” Haru deduces.
“At least twice.” Akechi tries to remember.
“At least?”
“I might have killed it last timeline.” Akechi murmurs, and abruptly stops trying to
remember.
“Might have- I see.” Haru’s jaw audibly cracks. “Are you telling me,” She says, deceptively
calm, “That we are going to have a civil discussion with the thing that killed you in another
life.”
Akechi presses his lips together.
“Am I wrong?” Haru pushes.
Akechi breathes out harshly through his nose. “You are entirely correct, Haru-san.”
“Goro-kun-”
“Are you with me, or not?” Akechi snaps, “I still need your aid to enter Shido’s palace, so
you have plenty of time to change your mind.”
Haru goes quiet.

“I’ll still help you.” She eventually says.
“Thank you.”
And they lapse into silence.
***
It takes longer than Akechi would like for them to reach the Diet building. He hopes no one
comes knocking on his door in the interim.
They rarely do. But the universe has a funny way of fucking with him.
“…The nature of this excursion aside.” Haru says carefully, at some point along the way,
“I’m glad you asked me to come with you.”
“Well.” Akechi says. “You asked first.”
Haru smiles, “I suppose I did. I was mostly kidding, though.”
“Mm.” Akechi hums.
“It’s just-” She cuts herself off, frowning as she considers her words, “It’s been a long time
since we spoke to each other alone. And even then, it all feels so different from before we
properly joined the thieves.”
Some of Akechi’s irritation fades.
He missed her too.
“I’d help with your garden again, if I could.” He tells her.
Haru lights up like the sun, “Once we’re free of all this, maybe.”
(There are so many maybes, so many once-this-is-all-overs ) “Maybe.” He echoes.
“Or,” Haru says, her eyes a bit softer, “I can bring a plant or two to Ann-chan’s place. There’s
four of you there, so having some home-grown veggies could be fun.”
Akechi snorts, “You’re assuming we won’t all collectively kill it.”
“I’ll supervise.” Haru decides primly.
“No reassurances for our abilities?”
Haru pointedly keeps quiet, though her lips twitch with amusement.
“Oh…” She says, eyes catching on something in the middle distance, “We’re here.”
The Diet building has more definition than most in Mementos. It’s too bad that the collective
distortion of Tokyo doesn’t stretch to the surface, Akechi thinks. He would have liked to see

what the general consensus of delusion is when it comes to politicians.
Haru takes out her phone with an appropriate level of reluctance. “What are the keywords,
again?”
“Masayoshi Shido.” Akechi intones with disdain, “Diet building. Ship.”
That tang of iron and salt hits his nose before the sight does his eyes.
Haru quickly grabs for her hat against the sea winds. “Goodness.” She says, taking in the city
drowned in a blood sea, “This is terrible.”
Akechi snorts.
Haru gives him a look, “You truly come here voluntarily?”
“You get used to it.” Akechi says.
-and again, his voice, simultaneously.
The cognition smiles, still waterlogged.
“Shouldn’t you have dried by now?” Akechi blurts.
The cognition tilts its head, and eyes the view, “They threw me overboard again.”
Akechi narrows his eyes, “When?”
The cognition shrugs, expression twitching, “How should I know? Did you do anything to
make the captain angry with you, lately?”
Ah. How funny. “Something like that.” Akechi says.
Haru stares between the two of them, eyes wide.
“Ah, but look here.” The cognition turns its smile up to one hundred, “Someone new!”
“There are plenty of people on this ship.” Akechi says sharply.
“Of course,” The cognition agrees easily, “But none of them are real.” It laughs, “I was
beginning to think you were the only thing on the other side of reality.”
“No, you weren’t.” Akechi says.
“No, I wasn’t.” The cognition looks Haru up and down, “But still. This is quite the novelty.”
Haru says nothing, and frowns, like she doesn’t know what to make of this.
The cognition pulls away, sighing. “Why bother coming if you’ve nothing to say?” It turns to
Akechi, “Of course, you barely know why you’re here too, right?”

“You’re rather… opinionated.” Haru comments.
“For something that isn’t real?” The cognition flicks its eyes in her direction, “So I’ve been
made aware.”
“You get used to it.” Akechi echoes.
“Do you?” The cognition asks him, seeming genuinely curious.
Not really. Each time Akechi comes for a social call, the cognition has shifted and moulded
around something new enough to be surprising each time.
Is this even a glimpse inside Shido’s psyche, anymore? It’s so far removed from the deadeyed puppet nestled among the red and pipes that Akechi had the misfortune of first
encountering. It’s curious. It knows what it is.
Or, has Shido’s perception of Akechi really changed so drastically?
Maybe a bit of mutiny is really the only difference.
But these thoughts are not to be shared with the thing that Akechi still has the displeasure of
seeing in his nightmares.
“Of course.” He lies.
The cognition only hums. Haru’s hands, Akechi observes, are firmly gripped around her axe.
Muscles tensing and waiting to strike.
Perhaps Akechi misrepresented how these meetings usually turn out. Though, on a second
thought, the ratio of violent to non-violent endings to discussions with this cracked mirror tip
in favour of the violent. Or, at the very least, laced with threats.
She’s probably right to be cautious. It still irks him, just a bit.
“So, tell me.” Akechi paces towards the railing of the deck, leaning his shoulders over the
edge to watch the cruiser cut its path, “Has anything else of note occurred in the interim since
our last chat?”
“Have I not told you that this ship is painfully dull?” The cognition drawls, the TV sparkle
affected seemingly for Haru’s sake dimming slightly, “You and the captain are the most
interesting things here, and I can’t exactly speak with him anymore.”
“Why not?” Akechi cocks his head, “You could take up swimming, while you’re at it.”
“Hilarious.” The cognition runs a gloved hand through its sopping wet hair, tearing out a
clump along the way.
“…Why are they interesting?” Haru speaks up.
The cognition tilts its head, “Hm?”

“The… captain,” She clarifies, “And him.” She inclines her head towards Akechi, “What
makes them different from anything else here?”
“Well.” Akechi says, mildly offended, “As has been said: we’re from the real world, or can
be affected by the real world, respectively.”
Haru shakes her head, “But that can’t be true.”
Akechi narrows his eyes. “Why not?”
Haru gestures violently towards the cognition, “He knows he’s a cognition. He can hold a
conversation outside of his prescribed role; if he even has one, since Shido apparently keeps
trying to throw you overboard in his head. If he’s part of the palace, then this palace is
alarmingly self-aware.”
“Well, the captain does have knowledge of cognitive psience.” The cognition remarks. “A
degree of self awareness isn’t so strange.”
“Then are there other cognitions like you in here?” Haru pushes.
“No.” The cognition says simply. “I’m afraid there’s just me.”
Haru looks like she can’t quite decide if that’s better or worse, for all the implications it
carries.
Akechi can’t decide either.
Haru’s fingers flex on her axe. “Why did we come here?”
“Yes.” The cognition tosses a dazzling smile Akechi’s way, “Why did you come here? Why
do you keep coming here?”
“How easily can we kill this one, did you say?” Haru asks in Akechi’s general direction, with
a healthy amount of venom.
“Quite easily, I’m sure.” The cognition answers for him. “I’d rather you didn’t. I don’t know
if I’d come back.”
“Shido knows I’m not dead.” Akechi scoffs, “You’ll be fine.”
When did something that isn’t alive start becoming concerned for its continued existence?
The cognition looks doubtful. “Whatever you say. But, really,” It pulls some of its hair out of
its face, “Why are you here? Usually you have a pretence of a task. Doing scouting?”
“Sure.” Akechi taps his gauntlets against the railing.
As loathe as he is to borrow an idea from this thing, getting an accurate assessment on how
Shido is feeling after botching Akechi’s murder could be useful.

The mirror isn’t any clearer. Robin comments, Nor does it hold any more grime.
It’s not a mirror.
YOU’VE THOUGHT ABOUT IT LIKE A MIRROR.
Then Akechi will take extra care to ensure that he does no such thing in the future.
But: what to ask?
If nothing of interest beyond being thrown overboard once more has reached this cognition’s
senses, then perhaps this has been a waste of time.
(It’s always a waste of time, and yet-)
“Did you do anything to prompt…” Akechi eyes the cognition’s soaking wet visage up and
down pointedly, “That?”
“Exist?” The cognition suggests.
Akechi rolls his eyes. “I mean, were you suddenly compelled by one force or another to
encroach on the cleaner’s turf?”
“Or,” Haru catches on, “Did the cleaner perhaps come to you?”
The cognition’s brow furrows, “…My memory fails me.”
“Bullshit.” Akechi snaps.
He’s gifted with an airy smile, “Think what you will. But my mind and memories are rather
incongruent.”
“And yet you remember me exceptionally well.” Akechi sneers.
“Ah, well some things are consistent.” The cognition waves a hand, “Things the captain
knows for certain, I also know. I remember being in foster care, though none of the specifics.
I remember Wakaba Isshiki- perhaps too well. I remember our mother, of course. I remember
her face perfectly, though her name escapes me-”
Haru’s blade is very abruptly placed against the cognition’s neck, “That’s enough, I think.”
She says.
The cognition cocks an eyebrow, “The words would have sufficed.”
Haru lowers her axe, her stare made of ice, “My point has been made, all the same.”
“Indeed it has.” The cognition titters a laugh.
IT’S SCARED.
And wouldn’t that be novel?

“But, of course, the captain has no knowledge of these meetings.” The cognition continues,
even as Akechi’s hands itch for his own blade, “Which is where this comes in, I believe.”
The Tower lurches in Akechi’s chest, as though plucked.
Haru looks between them, confused, “What does?”
“Ah.” Akechi swallows, and gives his own strum at the arcana’s thread in response. He
doesn’t know why.
The cognition smiles.
Akechi takes a breath. “Do you remember the arcana?” He asks Haru.
Haru blinks, “The… oh!” Her face brightens, “I was the Strength, yes?”
The bond in question hums a melody, forged in blood and steel. “Correct.”
“Then…” Haru looks between them again, “Ah.”
Akechi hums.
He never really knows what to make of it.
In some ways, however few, the Tower disgusted him more than the Devil. Only in the
recesses of his mind, where things he couldn’t remember were left to fester and rot.
Of course, how he feels about one is a reflection of the other. For all intents and purposes,
they should be one and the same. Up to a point, Akechi thinks they very well might have
been.
And yet they aren’t.
(Is that what’s happening? A tug of war. Akechi isn’t sure he wants to be winning, and yet
the cognition is all but telling him that he is.)
“So,” The cognition cuts through the silence, “Is that all?”
“…We haven’t been here for very long.” Haru comments, though she doesn’t look thrilled as
she says it.
“Well, him and I have had shorter interactions in the past.” The cognition waves a hand. “You
didn’t give me much time to speak the last time you killed me.”
In the restaurant, Akechi remembers. “We’ve had shorter interactions than that.” He
comments, mind turning to steam and pipes.
The cognition raises its eyebrows, “Goodness, am I forgetting something?”
Akechi snorts. “No.” He pushes off the railing, “Perhaps we should leave.”

Haru nods, looking relieved.
“Wait.” The cognition says abruptly.
Akechi, for some reason, does as it asks. Haru freezes as well.
“I do know you.” It says, eyes fixed on Haru.
Haru blinks, and then pulls away, eyes flicking to the side, “I’ve never been here before.”
“No.” The cognition agrees, “But you’re Okumura’s daughter, aren’t you.”
Akechi straightens up, “Is there a cognition of her on this ship?”
The cognition shakes its head. “There isn’t. But I still know you. I’m supposed to know you.”
Haru looks distinctly uncomfortable, “…I suppose it isn’t so strange that Shido would have
noticed us conversing at the party we met at.”
“…I suppose not.” Akechi agrees, though he doesn’t like the thought much.
“It’s odd.” The cognition says, unfazed by the sudden change in atmosphere, “I know you,
but I have no idea what you’re like. I have some ideas, of course, but that’s what the captain
thinks of you.” It pauses, “Or, is it what the captain thinks I should think of you?”
“Some combination of both, most likely.” Akechi dismisses. He isn’t fond of the turn this
conversation has taken.
The cognition turns to him, “Theoretically.” It says, “But I’m what the captain thinks of you,
and yet I’m stunningly accurate, aren’t I?”
“Hardly.” Haru glares at it.
It smiles, “You don’t see the resemblance?”
“In the dry witticisms, maybe.” She says, and Akechi almost laughs. “But you’re nothing
alike.”
The lie is nice. Akechi suddenly feels very sick.
“You certainly weren’t anything like me when we first met.” He says slowly.
The cognition cocks its head, “Really?”
They’ve tread this ground before. “You were a directionless puppet that the captain threw at
problems.” Akechi says.
That fucking smile, “And? I’m failing to see your objection. That is what you were, you
know.”
“I was always going to betray him.” Akechi spits.

“Yes, and seeing is believing, or so I hear.” It grins, “The captain simply didn’t believe you
had it in you.”
“Then he was wrong.” Haru says simply, and Akechi can’t decide whether to be grateful for
her presence or not, “How is Shido feeling about treachery, these days?”
The cognition shrugs, “As I said. Seeing is believing.” Its eyes are sharper than razors, “But
did you have it in you, really?”
Moving the goalposts. The definition of revenge continuously updated, never quite satisfying
enough.
He never got what he wanted last time.
He was so close“And you,” It turns to Haru, “Tell me, what were you like?”
Haru’s hands move from her axe to her grenade launcher, “Excuse me?”
“The captain seems to think you were a prissy little doormat of a rich girl who’d do anything
her father told her to.” The cognition’s smile broadens, “Now, I think he’s deciding if you
were hiding knives behind your back the whole time, or if you grew a backbone at the final
hour.” It taps its chin, “ Or , if you’ll crash and burn now that father dearest is clinically
insane.”
Haru says nothing, cheeks pale.
The cognition drops its hand back to its side. “So? Where does perception end and reality
begin?” Again, its eyes burn into Akechi, “You did do everything you were told.”
Haru’s hand claps down on Akechi shoulder, her phone in hand. “Mementos.” She says,
louder than she needs.
The cognition, as the eternal sunset and bloody sea ripples and warps, looks disappointed.
“Come back soon.” It says, muffled by the fabric of reality.
The Tower is plucked again, discordant and restless, and grows to rank eight.
They’re on the red-tinted steps of the diet building again.
Haru wrings her hands together, and smooths her skirt down as she takes a seat on the steps.
Akechi, after a beat, takes a seat next to her.
“Is it like that every time?” Haru asks.
Akechi hums. “Sometimes,” He settles on.
Haru bites at her lip, picking at her nails.

“…Remind me.” She says quietly, “What was the cognition of me in my father’s palace like
the first time around?”
Akechi smiles hollowly. It does no good to lie to Haru. “A doormat of a rich girl who’d do
anything her father told her to.”
The sound Haru makes is somewhere in the realm of a laugh, if a bit too grating, “Thank you
for not calling me prissy.”
“It’s difficult for a robot to be prissy.” He says.
She laughs again, “I’m sure I could find a way.”
Silence again.
“How can you stand to look in a mirror?” Haru asks.
“How can you? ” Akechi spits back.
Haru smiles, deeply unhappy, “Touché.”
“You won’t have to go back there, for the time being.” Akechi says, “Soon enough I’ll be
granted my freedoms again, and I’ll be able to make poor choices on my own time.”
“I’d rather you didn’t.” Haru says mildly.
“Tough.” Akechi says. He can’t say he won’t go back. He always goes back.
Haru hums, like she expected this, and stands. “For now,” She says, “Shall we go home?”
Akechi considers it. “No.” He decides, and stands as well. “Not yet.”
Haru blinks, surprised, “Oh?”
The corners of his heart ought to be cleaned out, he thinks. The additions have gathered
cobwebs, and the Star has been neglected in the interim. “I’d like to make a pit stop, first.”

Chapter End Notes

good news! well, bad news for you. good for me because i get a break. since my
semester is starting, (help) i'm swapping back to fortnightly updates until it's over (so,
around May? give or take). see y'all in two weeks! once again, don't hold your breath,
it's bad for your health
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky

Confidants! it's probably a bad sign that the first rank up in several chapters is the
Tower. ...at least the Star is next chapter?
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 8
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 7
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Haru: Are you telling me that you're on vaguely friendly terms with the thing that killed
you?
Akechi: Friendly is a stretch. And besides, Ren is on not-quite-friendly terms with me
Haru: touché.

Chapter 86
Chapter Summary

Housekeeping, unfortunate encounters, and gardening.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“If you wanted to go to Mementos,” Haru says, perhaps a bit snidely, “Then could we have
cut the trip to Shido’s palace?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “A bit late for that, Noir.”
Haru hums, managing to affect an I told you so expression despite having no point. “Well,
what are we here for?”
Akechi plucks at the Star; a bit out of tune from disuse, but still brighter than the Tower by
far. “Housekeeping.”
Haru tilts her head, brow furrowed in confusion. Any questions she was going to ask as she
opens her mouth are cut off by the sound of a rapidly approaching engine.
“Oh, Mister!” José calls cheerfully as his car skids to a stop, alarmingly close to where
they’re standing, “And you too, Miss!”
Haru blinks, “Ah.” She readjusts, “Hello, José-chan.”
“Hello!” José returns with a bright smile, “It’s been a while, huh? I hope all that stuff a week
ago didn’t cause you any trouble. The weird Miss was worried about it, I think.”
Akechi almost laughs. “No trouble at all.” He lies.
Haru gives him a lightly exasperated look, but turns back to José without comment, “The ‘
weird miss' ?”
“Um…” José sticks out his bottom lip, “…She has red hair…”
“Oh, Violet.” Haru realises.
José nods, smile back in place, “Probably!”
As entertaining as Akechi is sure this conversation could become if left unchecked, he does
have things to do. “José,” he says, and the boy turns to face him with an eager expression,
“I’d like to employ your services once again.”

“Oh, good!” José bounds out of his car, hammer in tow, “I was starting to think you’d
forgotten! Which ones, though?”
“Persona fusion.” Akechi says.
Haru narrows her eyes, “Right now?”
Akechi shrugs, “When else?”
“I suppose.” Haru concedes the point, “But… I’ve never seen this before. What does it
entail?”
“I’m not sure how to explain it.” José cuts in, “It’s- hm.”
Akechi isn’t quite sure how to explain it either. The fusion that gave him Atropos was
disorienting at best. “You’ll see.” He settles on, which doesn’t seem to do much to mollify
Haru.
José taps his hammer against the train tracks along the ground, “Are you sure you want to do
this now, Mister?”
This again? “What is it this time?”
“Well…” José draws out, “I’m not as good at this as- other people,” he stumbles over his
words, “And you seem upset right now, so…”
“It turned out fine last time.” Akechi scowls.
José considers this for a beat, “That’s true, Mister! It was an unexpected result, though.”
ALL THE MORE REASON TO DO IT!
Akechi is with Loki on this one.
He waves a hand, “That doesn’t matter to me.” And, frankly, when isn’t he in some kind of
emotional turmoil? “Go for it.”
José, thankfully, doesn’t appear to need much convincing. “Alright! You might want to step
back, Miss.”
Haru, looking more wary by the second, obliges.
“So!” José raises his hammer, “What do you want to fuse?”
Robin and Loki shrivel back, denying any access to being called. Akechi almost rolls his
eyes. He wasn’t going to call them to begin with.
“Lilim.” He says, “And Atropos.”
“You got it, Mister!” José smiles, and-

If Akechi remembered how violent this process was the first time, he might have hesitated
going for round two.
The jagged oasis that houses his personas is forcefully pried open, heedless of the sharp
edges and shattered glass. Exposed to the empty air, his chosen sacrifices give a token
resistance to being ripped from the parts of his soul that they’ve nestled in. They twist, and
writhe, and are stretched apart, the shapes of his masks cracking and pulling andThey go still.
God, they’ve barely even startedAkechi sees José raise his hammer-it’s Mementos that twists, this time. The walls fold, the tracks lift and split in jagged chunks.
That heartbeat that pulses through the veins of the cognitive world ticks faster, faster, bones
and muscle straining to accommodate the force; the fabric that keeps it together already torn
and frayed in parts from just a week priorHis ears pop.
“Whoops!” José’s voice filters through, “Is it still unexpected if you expected it to go
wrong?”
Akechi looks up.
A woman, wreathed in leaves and with skin patterned like wood, twin punctures along her
leg from fangs and phantom hands around her neck, hovers. Blue fire licks at the ground,
kicking up chains with shattered ends.
“I,” she says, “Am Eurydice. I am thou, thou art I. Let my chains serve to break yours.”
Her form goes misty, and shifts into light, reshaping into a mask, flickering between red and
black.
The presence in his chest as the mask settles is not nearly as intrusive as others before her.
You have been here before. Eurydice comments.
Akechi swallows. I have, he thinks back.
Will the tale remain the same?
Perhaps, the tale need not start. He hasn’t been bitten yet.
“Goro-kun!” Haru rushes forward, “That was-” she cuts herself off, apparently running out of
words.
José laughs, entirely unfazed by the display, “See? Hard to describe, right?”

“…Yes.” Haru eventually agrees, still thrown. She turns to Akechi, and offers her arm, “Are
you alright, Crow?”
Akechi grimaces as he does end up having to take her hand to pull himself back to his feet,
“Just fine.” He grits out, “Better than last time.”
Was it? Robin grouses.
Haru seems suitably convinced, “That’s good, then.” She looks him up and down, “Eurydice,
was it? What are her skills?”
Akechi turns his sight inwards, and prods at the new presence in his heart to hand over some
information. “…Fire. She’s inherited some of Atropos’ support skills, and…” that’s a new
one. “Recarmdra.”
“Oh?” Haru asks, curious, “What does that one do?”
José start to answer, “Oh! That one-”
“Heals all allies.” Akechi cuts him off. “To full vitality.”
He leaves out the stipulation.
Haru looks impressed, “That’s quite useful.”
“It is.” Akechi agrees. He’ll save it for a rainy day.
If José is upset at being interrupted, or if he realises the implications as to why, he doesn’t say
as such. “Very useful, yeah.” He adds, cheerful as ever.
“Well.” Haru says, readjusting her hat, “Well.” She repeats, “Are we done here, then?”
“…I suppose.” Akechi nods.
José frowns, though the expression looks more like a pout, “Already?” The Star pings,
“Nothing’s happened yet…”
Hm. “Perhaps since we’ve done something similar before, it didn’t have cause to rank up?”
Akechi suggests.
José laughs, “You say that like it’s a separate entity, Mister.”
Close enough, isn’t it?
Haru tilts her head expectantly, “Which is in reference to…?”
“Arcana.” Akechi says immediately.
“Again?” Haru looks faintly exasperated, “How many do you have? Four at least, yes?”
He’s never counted, actually. “…Sixteen?” He hazards.

“All the thieves and then some, I assume?” Haru guesses, and Akechi nods, “You described
them as bonds, when you first told us about them…”
She trails off, and Akechi can only shrug. “I think I have to accept that their definition is
arbitrary and inconsistent.” Though, broad enough that he can’t really call it incorrect.
José trots back over to his car, tossing his hammer back into the pile of junk strapped to the
back, “You’re doing pretty good with your bonds, Mister. Five of them are blood oaths! And
all the others are coming along nicely.”
“You can see them, José-chan?” Haru asks, peering at Akechi like she’ll be able to see them
too if she squints hard enough, “What makes something a blood oath?”
“It’s like…” José’s nose wrinkles, “Well, it’s just as strong as a bond can get. The fate
changing kind! You two have a blood oath.”
Haru blinks, “Do we?” She looks to Akechi, a small smile playing at her lips, “I’m not sure if
I should thank you or not.”
Akechi scoffs, and averts his eyes, “It goes both ways, you know.”
“Even better.” Haru’s smile widens. After a moment, her brow furrows, “What does that
mean for that cognition?”
“Oh.” José says, “The weird one.”
Of course he can see that something’s off. Nonetheless, Akechi needs to bring this kid a
thesaurus. “I have no idea.” He says to Haru’s question. He turns to José, “But you do, do
you?”
José perks up, “Oh! Well, not really. But some of your bonds are weird. The Tower is
definitely weird. And so is the Justice, a bit! And the Magician. Temperance and Star, too!”
Haru frowns, “Wasn’t Sumi-chan the Magician?”
“She is.” Akechi agrees, “But all that list encompasses is a series of extradimensional beings
and time travel victims.”
Haru laughs, though the sound is closer to a snort. “I suppose that does constitute weird.”
“Yep!” José smiles, “But the Tower is extra weird, for sure.”
Akechi didn’t need to be told that. Having a bond with a cognition is one thing, and a
cognition that’s entirely self aware of its own existence is another. He supposes they must
cancel out. “Care to enlighten me?” He asks.
“If you want me to, Mister!” José nods, “But there really isn’t much to say.”
He’ll have to narrow it down, then. “Can you tell me why it can feel the arcana?” Though it
doesn’t seem to know much about it, just that it’s there.

“Can it?” José looks fascinated, “That’s very interesting, Mister! That’s definitely not
supposed to happen.”
“Of course.” Haru sighs.
José continues, unperturbed, “Usually, the only things that can perceive bonds like that are
people like me, Wildcards, and shadows.” He lists them off on his fingers, “But only as much
as they’re allowed to see. I can just see it. All of them! You and the other Mister and your
tangled webs. You wildcards can see all your own bonds, but not each other’s; and the same
goes for shadows, but they can only see the ones tied directly to them.”
“And where do cognitions slot into that?” Haru asks.
“Well that’s the thing,” José says, as matter-of-fact as he ever is, “They don’t.”
Well then. Hardly surprising.
“Great.” Akechi says.
“So the best reason I can come up with,” José continues, “Without asking That Person,
obviously, is that the closer you get to the Tower, the closer you’re pulling it towards
yourself!”
“Which means?” Akechi pushes, suddenly remembering how irritating conversations with
José can get.
“Cognitions aren’t real.” José says, “They have to be tied to a perception. They’re super
malleable, since they aren’t tied to a concept like shadows or I am.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “I thought humans were supposed to be malleable, too.”
“Oh, sure!” José nods eagerly, “But you humans can create your own experiences, too.
Shadows can’t do that. And cognitions especially can’t do that.”
Haru hums, genuine curiosity shining in her eyes.
“So they have to be tied to a point,” José reiterates, “But… I guess there’s nothing saying
they can’t be tied to two points? That’s kind of how Mementos works, after all. But there
aren’t cognitions like that in Mementos, so it’s still not quite right.”
“Are you saying that my own perception of myself is influencing this thing, as our bond
ranks up?” Akechi asks, dread settling through his chest through the razor wire of the Tower,
because that sounds far too much like“No.” José says immediately. Then, he backtracks, “Well, maybe? I’m really not sure, Mister.
Just because there’s nothing saying a cognition can’t be tied to two points doesn’t mean that it
makes sense.”
Not the reassurance Akechi was looking for. “Does anything in this place make sense?” He
snaps.

“It makes plenty of sense!” José says, the closest to looking affronted that Akechi has ever
seen him, “Not to you humans, maybe, but there is sense.”
Akechi vaguely remembers a remarkably similar speech he gave to Sumire about Morgana,
and decides that perhaps he ought to keep his mouth shut.
“So you really aren’t sure?” Haru eventually says.
“Nope!” José laughs, “But isn’t that exciting? You Wildcards really are so fun- to influence
the rules like that. They don’t call you tricksters for nothing.”
And with that declaration, the Star grows to rank nine.
José beams, “Oh! Look at that! I guess we did end up talking about something new. We
almost have a blood oath too, Mister!”
Ideally, bringing this particular bond to its final rank will involve far less emotional turmoil
than Akechi’s last few. The Star hums, like it can hear the passing thought.
Haru titters a laugh, “Goodness, is it always so easy?”
“Certainly not.” Akechi says, biting back a grimace.
Haru laughs some more, “That aside, is that really all, this time?”
Akechi considers the razor wire, and the new presence sprouting roots in his soul. “Yes.” He
decides. “I suppose it is.”
“You’re going back?” José asks, “Bye, Mister! Bye, Miss! Come back soon, okay? Tell the
other Mister not to forget about collecting flowers or stamps.”
The image of Joker running around, picking up fleshy subway flowers and weird stamps is
enough to make Akechi’s lips twitch up. “I’ll let him know.” He says, and gestures for Haru
to lead the way home.
***
There’s a ping at the Diet Building.
If Takahashi is to be believed, there was a breach of a manifestation within the last few hours.
As ever: no way to identify it’s owner, nor who infiltrated it, nor how many, nor even exactly
when, but there was, definitively, something that pierced the veil at the Diet Building.
Alarming, to say the least.
Masayoshi Shido is not a fool.
The two notable cognitive world entries of the past few days, following Akechi’s arrest and
everything that was botched with it, are not subtle in their locations. The SatoTech

headquarters could only reasonably house one man’s distortion, and the TV studio that
Akechi himself made trips to so often has a limited list of suspects as well.
The courthouse and the defunct laboratory in Odaiba (last he heard, they were turning the
place into a stadium) remain dormant. Perhaps the thieves decided making trips back there
was too risky. Or, perhaps, their business there was simply complete.
How unfortunate for them, that the steel trap snapped on their leg at just the wrong time in
that case. Though, Shido has far more than one steel trap lining the veins of this city.
If the owners of the manifestations that the thieves are poking their noses into are obvious
based on location alone, then the Diet Building does not need a second consideration. What it
does need, is fortification.
Shido has neglected to tell Sato, nor any of the potential candidates for the TV studio, that
they ought to be on their guard. He never studied psychology, exactly; but even he knows that
how the men in question would react, and, by extension, how that would affect their
manifestations, is unpredictable. No sense in potentially weakening their defences.
Given the thieves’ near infallible success rate, he supposes he ought to be concerned for their
impending changes of heart. Or their potential mental shutdowns, if Akechi is going rogue.
They won’t get far, if they all go running to the press. What Shido does know is that Akechi
has always needed a name. The Cleaner has no name that anyone could possibly know.
With any luck, the thieves will perish via some pitfall in his associates’ heads.
With any extra luck, the thieves will perish via some pitfall in his head. And wouldn’t that be
a stroke of poeticism?
But, first,
Well, Wakaba didn’t send him monthly reports of her findings for nothing. Some defences are
in order.
***
It’s exceedingly late by the time that Akechi and Haru find their way back to the Takamaki
residence. Haru quietly reactivates the Nav in Akechi’s room, and takes a few steps back
before pulling herself back into Mementos, leaving Akechi alone in the dark.
It’s awfully convenient, he thinks, that neither Ann nor the Niijimas are so nosy as to ask
after him when he’s alone in his room. His absence should go completely unnoticed“So, are you going to explain what that was?”
Akechi curses loudly and whips around to find Makoto sitting stiffly on his bed.
Hm.

“Well.” Akechi begins.
He can’t think of anything to follow that up with.
Makoto raises an eyebrow at his silence.
“Why are you here?” He settles on, landing on petulance now that anything resembling a
logical argument has fled his mind.
“Because I wanted to ask you something.” Makoto says, looking far too smug, “And imagine
my surprise, when I find you missing, rather than just being difficult.”
Akechi wonders how long she spent knocking on his door, assuming him purposefully
ignoring her, before she decided to barge in. “In that case, why is it just you waiting here to
give me a heart attack, rather than a whole entourage?”
Because really, he doesn’t need to give Sae any extra reasons to kill him.
“I didn’t tell anyone.” Makoto says.
What. “What?”
Makoto starts to repeat herself, “I didn’t-”
“I got that.” Akechi snaps. “ Why? ”
“Oh.” The smugness suddenly evaporates from her face, “Well- you weren’t here, and I
panicked at first-” interesting. “-and then I thought that you’d probably just found some way
to sneak out rather than, I don’t know, being abducted. And, you’ve been making solo trips to
the Metaverse for years and you’ve been fine, and you seem fine now, so,” She gestures
weakly.
“And you wanted to be the one to catch me when I came back.” Akechi surmises.
“That too.” Makoto confirms without a hint of shame.
“Well.” Akechi sits himself down on the opposite end of the bed. “You caught me.”
“And Haru-san, too.” Makoto comments mildly. “I’m surprised she helped.”
“You think she isn’t delighted to break me out of here?” Akechi sniffs. He’s stretching it, but
close enough.
“You’re stretching a point, I think.” Makoto immediately calls him out. Damn. “But, no,
she-” she frowns, “She didn’t seem happy with those of us who… did our own thing. At
least, she didn’t a week ago.”
“It was more the being left in the dark that upset her, I believe.” Akechi says, “Though she
wasn’t exactly thrilled to be helping me with this.”

Makoto’s eyebrows shoot up again, and she gives him the side eye, “Where did you go?”
Dangerous waters. “The Metaverse.”
“Obviously.” Makoto snaps, “ Where? ”
“Mementos.” Akechi amends.
“Liar.” Makoto crosses her arms “You would’ve just said so, if that was it.”
Is this how Makoto feels, when Akechi calls her out? This is terrible. “It isn’t your business.”
Makoto opens her mouth, closes it. She tries again: “I can’t argue against that, you know.”
“That is the point, yes.”
She rolls her eyes, “You’re insufferable.”
They’ve established that many times, Akechi thinks. He shrugs, and the rapport dies off.
Makoto fidgets, but makes no move to leave.
“You’re fine, then?” She eventually says.
Akechi gives her a look, “With regard to…?”
“Being in the Metaverse.” She clarifies.
Akechi gestures to himself, “I’m not keeling over, am I?”
“You do look better than you did a week ago.” Makoto agrees.
Akechi drops his hand back onto the bed. “I should hope so. Are you going to argue for my
right to rejoin the fray?”
“I don’t know.”
Akechi scowls, “Everyone else has the decency to take a proper stance.”
Makoto glares, “I don’t know, because I can’t tell how fine you really are. I don’t have a
comparison to how Ren handled it, and I’m certainly not going to ask him.”
“So you’re deferring to his authority, then?” Akechi drawls.
Makoto doesn’t flinch, “Forgive me,” She begins, extremely insincere, “For not trusting you
at your word.”
“And why shouldn’t you?” He spits, “I’m the one living it, at present.”
“Ann noticed some of her makeup was missing.” Makoto blurts.

Ah.
“I didn’t like having the three of you stare uncomfortably at my face every time I came out to
eat.” Akechi tells her, honestly.
“Oh.” Makoto laces her fingers together, seemingly for want of something to do with her
hands. “Sorry.”
“Bruises aren’t exactly the height of physical injuries, besides.” Akechi pushes, “Haven’t you
healed from plenty yourself?”
“You had more than bruises.” Makoto says distantly.
“And yet, I’m here,” Akechi gestures broadly, “Alive and kicking. Not to mention walking
around without much in the way of resistance. The Metaverse clearly isn’t posing a problem,
either.”
“I don’t know that, though.” She confesses, “I don’t know how anyone is supposed to recover
from something like this. Nor what would be considered remotely normal.” She takes a
breath, “And none of us want to make things any worse.”
“You’re worried, are you?”
“Do you blame me for it?” Makoto asks abruptly, voice cold.
Akechi stares at her, taken aback.
Makoto seems surprised too, as she clicks her jaw shut. “I mean.” She starts, “I- just.”
“…For the events of last week?” Akechi clarifies.
Makoto nods, stiff.
“Do you feel guilty?” Akechi asks, almost incredulous. He didn’t expect it from her.
Makoto presses her lips together. “I-” she stutters, “Don’t know.”
What a rapid resolution to her potential crisis of conscience. Akechi is impressed. It certainly
makes his life easier.
“I’m wondering if I should.” Makoto tacks on.
Or maybe it doesn’t.
“Walk me through it.” Akechi says, because he’s more liable to piss her off if he misinterprets
anything.
“I dragged us to Sis’ palace.” Makoto says, matter of fact, “I didn’t quit while we were ahead.
So you and Ann were there because of me.”
“That’s true.” Akechi agrees. “Though, we could have left at any point.”

“And let me fend for myself?” Makoto says drily.
“Exactly.” Is Akechi’s immediate response, and Makoto snorts.
“I seem to recall you inserting yourself by force because you didn’t want me to get myself
killed.” She says, looking amused.
Akechi clicks his tongue, “I could have left, is my point. And it is apparently a cocktail of
misfortune that put us in real danger. Confronting Sae-san’s shadow didn’t go nearly as
poorly as I assumed it would.”
“You have such faith in me.” Makoto deadpans.
“You have no faith in me.” Akechi corrects, “So we’re at an impasse.”
Makoto huffs.
“So you don’t blame me, then?” She asks again.
It never really occurred to him. “Would it even matter if I did?”
Makoto looks to consider it. “No.” She decides, “But that’s not an answer.”
“I don’t.” He tells her.
Makoto nods, “Alright, then.”
She pauses, and Akechi waits.
“Do you think Ren blames me?” She asks quietly.
“Would that matter, either?”
“A little.” She says, “But it’s not the end of the world.”
“Then ask him yourself.” Akechi rolls his eyes, “He certainly blames me, so maybe you’ll be
spared.”
“Hard to feel that way after he gave Ann and I a talking to." Makoto mutters.
Akechi scoffs, “You make him sound like he’s-” The analogy fails him. Something
authoritative. It makes Ren sound like more than he is.
Makoto gets the gist anyway. “He can act like it when he wants to.”
There’s truth to that, too.
Akechi only hums. “Well, if that’s all you wanted to say.”
Makoto’s face scrunches.

Akechi barrels on, “The only question remaining is what you’re going to do now.”
“As in?”
“Are you going to tell anyone about,” Akechi waves a hand, “This.”
She could hold onto it as blackmail, if she wanted. That would be irritating.
Makoto is silent for a moment, before she eventually says: “I won’t.”
“Really?” Akechi tilts his head, “Why?”
“It’s for the best that we don’t have any more interpersonal altercations.” Makoto says
primly, “We don’t need any more reason to be at each other’s throats. And I’d be calling out
Haru-san as well, so…”
Akechi almost laughs. He decides to stay on track, “Have there been many issues with
exploring Sato’s palace?”
Makoto’s eyes dart to the side, “Not… really.” She draws out.
“Meaning?”
“We’ve all been a bit on edge.” She says quickly. “But we’re fine. We’re almost done, in
fact.”
“Well, that’s good.” Akechi drawls, flat.
“You don’t have to worry.”
“I wasn’t.”
“Right.” Makoto presses her lips together, “Well- I should go. It’s late.”
It is. Akechi’s tired.
ButIs he only capable of doing things against his better judgement? “Before you go.”
Makoto jumps, halfway to the door, “Yes?”
“Have you spoken to Sae-san yet?”
Her wide-eyed panic quickly turns into a glare, “Have you?”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I asked first.”
“You’ve had all the time in the world to talk to her.” Makoto accuses, crossing her arms. She
pauses, “And about what?”

“Oh, I don’t know.” Akechi slumps forward, dropping his chin against his hand, “Maybe all
the things you shouted at her shadow?”
“Y-you said things to her shadow too!” Makoto splutters.
“I will take that,” Akechi says, very slowly, “To mean that no, you haven’t spoken with her.”
Makoto fidgets, and deflates. “There hasn’t been a good opportunity.”
“Her being effectively jailed in this apartment isn’t a good enough springboard for you?”
“I’m busy.” Makoto snaps. “And so is she.”
This is why Akechi avoids the living room. “Isn’t that the problem?"
“Well…!” Makoto starts, and stops. “Have you spoken to her?”
Akechi taps at his leg, “A bit.”
“And?”
“I think the things I said to her shadow are of a significantly lower priority than the several
elephants in the room.” Akechi says blithely, “It’s hard to bring up our prior working
relationship when she’s still trying to wrap her head around the myriad assassinations.”
Makoto hums.
“I can’t tell what she thinks of me.” Akechi adds, a bit quieter.
“I can’t either.” Makoto admits.
“For me? Or you.”
“Both.” Makoto gives up on her escape, and sits back on the bed, “She seemed furious when
she realised I was a Phantom Thief, but she kind of put that on the back burner to save you.
And now she’s helping us, so…” She shrugs, “I’m not even sure if it needs to be addressed.”
Perhaps not.
“Tell me how that works out for you.” Akechi says.
Makoto’s glare turns withering, “Sure.”
With that, the Priestess grows to its eighth rank.
“You should talk to her.” Akechi tells her.
Makoto stands, and rolls her eyes, “So should you, if you still can’t figure her out. And you
should just ask Ann, next time you need to borrow something.”
He will not. “Sure.” He echoes.

Makoto scoffs, but is careful to close the door gently.
***
Sumire is grateful for another day of rest, all things considered.
With all the excitement of skipping the majority of Ooe’s palace, (She makes a mental note
never to bring up potentially returning her new grappling hook. She already loves it too much
to ever hand it over.) she finds herself quite exhausted.
Among other reasons, of course. But those can’t quite be fixed with one day of rest. She’ll
have to make do.
Ren apparently feels much the same, now that he’s called for another break of palace
exploration for the day. Everyone still has their classes to attend, bar Goro, Futaba, and
Makoto, but it’s something.
But really, something doesn’t leave Sumire with much to do.
(She’s been avoiding the gym, lately, so she can hardly go there.
Staying in her own classroom is uncomfortable on the best of days.
The thieves are scattered about, she supposes, butHaru should be on the roof.)
To the roof she’ll go, then.
Haru has her back to the door as Sumire creaks it open. She startles at the sound, her head
whipping around to blink at the new presence.
“Sumi-chan.” Haru smiles, her shoulders relaxing, “Did you want to help me with the
garden?”
Sumire hasn’t eaten her lunch yet, but she supposes she’d rather help anyway. “Of course.”
She squats down, snatching the pair of spare gloves that Haru must keep on hand by instinct,
just in case any of the thieves decide to join her.
“Winter’s coming soon.” Haru comments, “So I’m afraid most of these plants will die in the
next season.”
“Oh.” Sumire frowns as she tugs on the gloves, “I remember you still having veggies to give
us even in January.”
Haru tilts her head, “Well… maybe I can still grow some at home.” She snaps off a wilting
leaf, “Or I could try to keep these ones out of the snow and see how they do.”
“That might work.” Sumire says encouragingly.

Haru hums, “Maybe. I hope so.” She reaches for a watering can, “Though, I’m not sure if
there would be much point in planting new seeds if these ones die.”
Sumire blinks, “How come?”
“I’ll be graduating, remember?” Haru smiles as she carefully divvies out water between the
sprouts, “That’s in March, so I suppose I could fit in one more batch. But there’s no more
gardening club, after that.”
Sumire forgot about that, honestly. “I’m a member.” She points out.
“An unofficial member.” Haru corrects with some amusement, “You’re very busy.”
With thieves stuff, these days. Everything else? Less so. Sumire decides not to mention this.
“I can try make time. And Ren-senpai-”
Won’t be here either, probably.
“I’ll drag everyone else into it.” Sumire finishes.
Haru giggles, “If you can, I would appreciate it.”
Sumire bites at her own smile, “It’s odd to think you’ll be gone next year. From my
perspective, you’ve already been here a year longer than you should have.”
“I suppose that’s true.” Haru tilts her head, “But I think I’ll be relieved once it happens. I’m
sure Makoto-san will feel the same, too.”
Sumire can understand. Getting this series of nightmares over with sounds lovely.
“I have to pick up our schoolwork for her, too…” Haru mumbles.
Ah. “…Do you think Makoto-senpai can even graduate next year?” Sumire blurts.
Haru doesn’t seem off put by the question. She sighs, “I’m really not sure. I know she’s had
perfect attendance thus far, but I really don’t know if that will help if she takes whole months
off.”
The same could be said for Goro, of course. But that was always a given.
“People have already noticed she’s missing.” Haru continues, “It’s been a week. The student
council is languishing a bit, I think.”
“Are they even doing anything important at the moment?” Sumire asks.
Haru shakes her head, “Probably not. But Makoto-san ran a tight ship where she could, so I
think they’re worried for if something does come up while she’s still gone.”
That would be unfortunate, Sumire supposes. But not nearly as unfortunate as Makoto getting
herself murdered, so she thinks the student council will manage.

She flicks an insect off one of the leaves, “She can come back after we deal with Shido,
probably.”
Probably. Assuming the remnants of the conspiracy aren’t feeling vengeful. And, even then,
that’s still a month or more away.
Two, three, four palaces, a highway drive-by in the depths of Mementos, and a god to kill, all
in time for Christmas.
Really, it’s a wonder Sumire isn’t feeling more restless.
She changes the subject. “We’re almost done with Ooe’s palace.” She comments.
“We are.” Haru agrees, “I’ll be happy to be rid of that place, I think.” She pauses, “Though
we’ll still have to come back to deal with his shadow, some time in December.”
“That’s true.” Sumire smiles, “But that’s just dealing with his shadow, so that should be fine.”
It might even be fun. Assuming it doesn’t go as poorly as the last shadow they dealt with.
“I hope so.” Haru pauses to yawn, “…But all of this has been quite exhausting.”
Huh. Sumire doesn’t feel that bad. They didn’t really fight anything, yesterday. Maybe she
just has better stamina. “Good thing we have a day off, then.”
Haru hums, “Good indeed. I wish we could take longer off, really.”
“Was yesterday really that exhausting?” Sumire questions.
Haru, for some reason, freezes, “Well,” She starts, “You know how it is.”
Does she? “I guess?”
“Right.” Haru says, a bit too quickly, “I’ll be fine by tomorrow.”
“…I don’t doubt it?” Sumire says, a bit baffled.
Haru nods sharply, and turns back to the plants. Her peace doesn’t last long, as the door
creaks open.
Sumire startles, and turns“Yoshizawa-san,” Maruki smiles, “I didn’t know you helped with the gardens.”
Sumire would love nothing more than to be anywhere else.
Haru stiffens, looking between the two of them warily.
“I don’t always have the time.” Sumire measures her words carefully. “But I help when I
can.”

“That’s wonderful!” He looks like he means it, too. “A low-stakes hobby can be great forwell, that’s not what I’m here for.”
Sumire swallows, “It’s not?”
“Ah- right- I’m actually surprised to see you.” Maruki laughs sheepishly, “I’m here to chat
with Okumura-san, funnily enough.”
“Really?” Haru asks, pointedly turning back to her plants. “What did you need, Doctor?”
“Well…” Maruki trails off, awkwardly looking at Sumire.
“I don’t mind Sumi-chan hearing whatever you need to say to me.” Haru cuts in.
“Oh?” Maruki looks a tad relieved, clearly grateful to dodge having to ask Sumire to leave,
“In that case: do you know how the school administration asked for certain students to meet
with me for counselling?”
Haru pauses, “I was unaware my name was on that list.”
“Well- it’s more of a recent thing!” Maruki backtracks, looking a bit flustered, “I wasn’t
being accusatory, my apologies. I just wanted to let you know that the school is suggesting
you meet with me. It doesn’t have to be for more than one session, if you don’t want. But
there will be free snacks!”
Sumire does remember liking the snacks.
“Thank you for letting me know, Doctor.” Haru says mildly. And adds, in a tone that makes it
abundantly clear that she will not be bending to the whims of the de-facto principal or
whoever else, “I’ll consider it.”
Maruki suddenly looks very awkward again. “That’s… all I could ask for, I guess.” He
chuckles, trailing off uncomfortably. “If you do decide to come along, you might want to be
quick about it, though.”
Haru finally turns around to look at him, “How come?”
“Ah- my tenure at this school is coming to a close pretty soon.” Maruki explains, “On the
eighteenth, in fact.”
“That’s only two days away.” Sumire points out, unsure why she does.
Maruki blinks, “So it is! Huh. Time flies.” He laughs again, “I guess if you didn’t want to see
me you could just run down the clock.”
Haru returns the smile, I will be doing exactly that reading in the creases of her eyes. “Thank
you for letting me know, Doctor.”
Maruki straightens up, “Well- thank you for your time.” He waves, before shuffling off, “I’ll
see you both around! Goodbye Yoshizawa-san, Okumura-san.”

The door creaks shut.
Sumire takes in a full lungful of air.
Haru side eyes her, concerned, “Are you alright?”
“Just fine.” She manages to get out.

Chapter End Notes

why hello. it's actually been three hundred years since the last chapter- ignore that your
calendar says it's only been two weeks. this to say that my semester has been eventful
thus far
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! goodness, two in one chapter! it's been an age... or maybe it hasn't. i can't
remember. 300 years, and all that
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 8
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 6
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: [reading what recarmdra does] This seems destructive.
Akechi: well, i'm sure it'll be fine. it's a crisis kind of skill.

Loki: have you heard of murphy's law
Akechi: yes but you don't need to point it out

Chapter 87
Chapter Summary

Old haunts, floodgates, and setting the stage.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Another day off is all good in Ryuji’s books.
He doesn’t feel great about keeping secrets. Keeping secrets isn’t exactly something he’s
good at, either, and keeping secrets from Akechi specifically sounds downright dangerous
(not to mention the fact that the same secret needs to be kept from Haru, and Sumire, and
Morgana, and worst of all Ren) but what can you do?
It isn’t even much of a secret. More of a lie of omission. Stuff about their half of the palace
runs only sometimes makes it to the rest of the team anyway, so just not mentioning what
they’ve seen is a piece of cake.
Should be. Probably.
Ryuji really doesn’t like lying to Ren. Mostly because Ren gets terrifying when (Not if,
because that assumption has come back to bite about half the team in the ass in the past) he
finds out.
Though, on that thought…
Ryuji smirks as Ren wanders past the stairs that he’s essentially claimed for himself,
conveniently Morgana-less. “Hey dude.”
Ren blinks, “Hey Ryuji.” His face relaxes a bit, “What’s up?”
“Nothin’ much.” Ryuji shrugs, letting a sly grin crawl up his face, “You?”
He tries not to think too hard about how he and Ren have barely spoken one-on-one in the
past- what? Month? Longer? They’ve been busy. Ren’s been busier. It’s fine.
Ren shrugs, “It’s a day off, so… nothing much, either.”
Ryuji mustn't hide the surprise on his face very well, as Ren rubs as his neck sheepishly, “I
was thinking of doing some stuff tonight,” -like that isn’t the vaguest thing Ryuji’s ever
heard- “But this afternoon I’m free.”

And that, Ryuji thinks, sounds an awful lot like an opportunity. “Wanna get ramen?”
Ren blinks again. “Like,” he starts, “Right now?”
When else? “Uh, we’ll be pretty busy tomorrow, so…” Ryuji gestures.
Ren grimaces, “True.”
“And we haven’t hung out in forever, ” Ryuji continues. He kind of regrets adding that part.
Ren’s grimace becomes significantly more guilt-laden. “Also true.” He bites at his lip,
considering something. “Alright. Sure.”
It’s Ryuji’s turn to blink. “Really?”
“Yeah.” Ren says, comically flat.
Ryuji grins again, “You sure?”
Ren sighs, but he’s grinning too, “I said so, didn’t I?”
Ryuji claps him on the shoulder, “Now that’s what I like to hear! C’mon- if we don’t get there
fast enough we aren’t gonna get a seat at all.”
“On the train or the restaurant?” Ren shouts after him, scrambling to keep up after Ryuji’s
already taken off.
***
The answer is nearly both, but they do manage to snag a seat at the bar at their favoured
ramen joint. That’s nothing to say of how packed the trains were in the after-school rush,
though.
Ryuji slumps back in his stool after they’ve placed their orders, stretching out his arms.
“Prolly gonna be a while before we can eat.”
“Yeah.” Ren agrees, cheek smooshed against his hand as he leans against the counter top. He
sighs, put-upon, “But It’s been so long since I’ve eaten here- I can wait a little longer.”
Ryuji snickers, “You’re so dramatic dude.” And almost laughs thinking about similar words
said to a certain prickly asshole barely a few weeks prior.
Ren laughs, and then the conversation peters out.
And stays silent…
…Ain’t no way Ryuji’s forgotten how to talk to his best friend after a month.
“So.” Ryuji drawls out, poking at the box of pickled ginger in front of him, “How’ve ya
been?”

It didn’t sound like a good conversation starter in his head. It doesn’t sound particularly good
out loud, either, so he guesses he’s still got a knack for chatting. Not that knowing what he’s
doing wrong really helps him.
Ren makes a so-so motion with his hand, “Eh. Y’know.”
Ryuji doesn’t. But he kinda does, too. He makes a singular pile of ginger with the tongs.
“Wanna talk about it?”
Ren pulls at his fringe, the way he does when he’s nervous. “Not much to say.”
Bullshit. “You can just say you don’t wanna talk.”
Ren winces, “I- sorry. I do. Want to talk, I mean.”
“Oh.” Now Ryuji kind of feels bad for snapping. “Take your time, dude.”
Ren snorts, and smiles, “Thanks.” He chews at his lip, “I don’t like not knowing what we
need to prepare for.” He eventually settles on.
Ryuji raises his eyebrows, burying the tongs in Ginger Mountain, “Time travel ain’t as
helpful as it looks?”
Ren hums, “Wouldn’t recommend it. Too much effort. Not enough getting what you time
travelled for."
If Ryuji understands the situation correctly (and he’s heard it explained and referenced
enough that he has a pretty good idea), then Ren didn’t do much in the way of intentional
time travel to start with. “Well, no one’s dead yet.”
Ren barks a laugh, “Yet. I’m trying to keep it that way.”
Ryuji wonders if Ren knows that everyone else is also trying very hard to keep it that way.
He’s not sure whether to include Akechi in that number, but considering he got out of last
week alive, he must be trying a little bit. He’d better be. “I’d tell ya to relax, but I think this is
as close as it’s gonna get.”
Ren smiles wryly, “When we’re done with all this,” He says, “I’m gonna sleep for a week.”
“Ahh, gonna pull a Futaba, huh?” Ryuji snorts, turning back to Ginger Mountain so he can
flatten it.
Ren waves a hand, “You say that like she isn’t gonna collapse too. But, yeah. Probably.”
“Think we all are.” Ryuji says, dry. He sure is. His mom’s probably gonna freak out before
she realises he’s just being lazy.
“Good.” Ren snorts, “We all need it.”

The chef comes back with two steaming bowls, the noodles and mish-mash toppings piled
high, “Here ya go, boys!”
He gets a simultaneous response- Ryuji’s bombastic Thanks! melded with Ren’s quieter one,
and they dig in.
“So,” Ryuji says around a mouthful of noodle, probably flicking broth everywhere, “We can’t
prepare like you want. What’re we doin’, then?”
Ren’s hard to get a read on when his glasses are all fogged up like that, but he looks
thoughtful. “I want to go to Mementos at some point. I’ve got a whole list of requests we’ve
been neglecting.”
Ryuji grimaces. Knocking out a bunch of requests at once always made him feel cool as hell,
like a hero swooping in to give an ass-kicking of justice, or something, but knowing that
they’ve been letting people asking for help wait just because they’ve been busy feels pretty
bad. “That sounds good.” Ryuji shovels some greens into his mouth. He quickly chews it
down, “’Kechi gonna join us for that one? S’been like a week.”
Ren freezes, staring at his bowl.
Ryuji chews a bit slower, awkwardly matching the stillness. “…Renren?”
“Yeah, maybe.” Ren says abruptly, “Not sure.”
“I haven’t seen him.” Ryuji admits, “Not since last week. How’s he doin’?”
Ren shrugs, eyes still glued to his soup, “Fine, I guess.”
Ryuji has no idea what he’s struck upon, but he’d feel kind of shitty just letting it go. “That’s
good, yeah?”
“Of course.” Ren says immediately, teetering on the edge of defiant.
“’Course.” Ryuji echoes, “So, he is good to join us?”
Ren presses his lips together, “I’m not sure.”
Leave it to Akechi to make this confusing, too. “How beat up is he lookin’?” Ryuji ventures.
“He doesn’t look it.” Ren says, which given the state he was in last week Ryuji thinks is
pretty impressive, “But that doesn’t mean much. When I-” He cuts himself off.
Ryuji swallows the last of what’s in his mouth.
Huh.
He’s never sure whether to view the other timeline as something that never happened, or as a
past he just isn’t privy to.

He’d like to argue it never happened. In his head, it gives them all a greater chance at beating
down the gods that put them all in this position to start. There was no round one, so the
winner’s still up in the air.
But sometimes Sumire will trip over her words and go a bit pale, sometimes Akechi will
freeze and grind his teeth, and sometimes Ren will stop and look the slightest bit sick,
memories of things that didn’t happen flashing in their eyes, and Ryuji doesn’t know what to
do.
He didn’t have to know what to do. He and Ren have barely talked since this can of worms
got cracked open. But now Ryuji is the only one here.
Tact is a virtue, but talking around the subject never helped anyone, Ryuji thinks. “So d’you
think Akechi is doin’ better or worse than you did?”
Ren looks taken aback, thoroughly startled out of his funk, “Huh?”
“Or is he, like, doin’ about the same?”
He stops, starts, tries again, “I can’t tell.”
Ryuji leans against his hand, “Yeah?”
Ren visibly swallows, “But I think he’s doing better.”
Ryuji thinks he might be missing a point. “…Which is good, ain’t it?”
No response.
“…Isn’t it?”
“Yes.” Ren stabs his chopsticks into his noodles, “Yes, it’s good.”
“It doesn’t sound like it’s good.” Ryuji mutters.
“Because-!” Ren snaps, and stops.
Ryuji bites at the inside of his mouth. “You can talk to me, dude.”
Ren huffs, but says nothing else.
Ryuji sighs, relenting. Whatever. Maybe Ren’ll spill his guts to Sumire, or Yusuke, or do
everyone a favour and cut the middleman by talking to Akechi directly. That’s fine. He was
never that good at stuff like this, anyway.
(Ren is his best friend, and getting him to talk is like pulling teeth-)
“I couldn’t keep it together.” Ren blurts.
(…But maybe shattering them with a bat works just fine, too.)

Despite himself, Ryuji stutters on the follow up. “Like…” He trails off, “After-?”
“Yeah.” Ren interrupts. He stuffs some noodles in his mouth, and nearly chokes swallowing
them too quickly. He recovers, “I basically tried locking myself in the attic. And I couldn’t
even do that, since I don’t have a door. Everyone kept visiting, and I didn’t tell them to leave,
but I just-”
Ryuji waits.
“I couldn’t keep up.” Ren finishes, lamely.
If Ren was anything close to the state Akechi was in after all that, Ryuji thinks that’s barely a
concession.
“I know I’m a hypocrite.” Ren mutters bitterly, “I bought makeup at the underground mall to
try and cover up the bruises a bit, convince everyone I could lead us; into Shido’s palace, of
all places.” He snorts, “I could. I did. But it sure hurt a lot.”
Ryuji mentally, across time and space, whacks himself on the head for letting Ren do that to
himself. It didn’t happen, it did, whatever- but someone let it happen, and Ryuji’s the only
one here to shoulder the blame.
Should’ve done something.
“I’ve seen a lot of things get to Goro. I know things I’ve done probably take up half the list.”
Ren says, too flat to be natural, “But apparently this isn’t one of them.”
Well, then.
Ryuji thinks that’s a load of horse shit.
Tact. Saiten Taisei reminds him wearily.
Yeah. Might be time for some of that.
“When Kamoshida broke my leg,” He says, shoving some noodles in his mouth to hide the
waver in his voice, “I didn’t talk to anyone at school for a month. I barely even spoke to my
mom. She cried a lot, too, and I didn’t do anything.”
Ren listens, quietly.
“N’ even after that I didn’t really talk to anyone. Ann n’ I weren’t super close anymore, track
team was obviously out. I really leaned into bein’ a punk, since I figured: why not? It was
even fun for a bit.” He taps his fingers against the bowl, “Less fun when I couldn’t shake
being a problem kid- my grades were never that good anyway, and pissin’ everyone off didn’t
do me any favours.”
“Your whole life just got turned on its head.” Ren says, in that annoying-ass therapist voice
he does, “No one could blame you for that-”

Ryuji groans, “Yeah, I know.” Ren shuts up. “I’m sayin’ you’re fine, dude. Who cares if
getting beat to shit and drugged to hell threw you off for a few weeks? Who cares if it throws
you off your whole life?” He hits his knee with more aggression than he means, “I’m still
thrown off. And I still love runnin’, so that’s gonna stick around, I think.”
Ren presses his lips together, rubbing at his neck, his arms.
“And I call bullshit on ‘Kechi having it all together too.” Ryuji jabs his chopsticks in the air
pointedly. “Bein’ fake is like, his whole thing. Not surprisin’ that he doesn’t want to show
you how messed up he is.”
“He used to let me see.” Ren says quietly, staring at the counter top.
“Well, not any more.” Ryuji waves a hand, “Or- I dunno. You know him better than I do.”
Ren snorts. “Maybe.”
“Now you’re just bein’ -what’s the word? You’re being a dumbass, is my point.” Ryuji rolls
his eyes, and Ren laughs properly this time.
“Maybe.” He repeats, smiling.
“See?” Ryuji grins, “I’m always right.”
“Really?” Ren says dubiously, and Ryuji elbows him.
“ Anyway, ” He says emphatically, “Talk to him, or whatever. Or, even better, talk to the rest
of us. We’ll all tell you you’re bein’ stupid.”
“You’re really selling it to me.” Ren’s smile grows wider.
“I’d better be.” Ryuji grouses, loudly slurping down some of his broth, “Where would you be
without me, dude?”
“With a dead body on my hands, maybe.” Ren says, very seriously.
Ryuji laughs like it’s a joke anyway, “We should hang out more often, then.”
“We should.” The smile has teeth now, “We really should.”
***
Akechi would give his kingdom for someone not to barge into his room like they own the
place.
He doesn’t have a kingdom, of course. So he will have to put up with the blatant disregard for
personal space for a while yet.
He’s unsure to whether to consider it salt in the wound, for the fact that the intruder this time
is a cat. A sapient, extremely bratty cat, but a cat nonetheless.

Some of this musing must show on his face, as Morgana yowls not two seconds after he
materialises out of Mementos: “What’s that look for?!”
“Why are you here.”
Morgana sniffs. He leaps up on the bed, flicking his tail, “Well since Ren keeps leaving me
behind,”
“And that’s my problem, how?”
Morgana glares, “ Since Ren always leaves me behind,” he repeats pointedly, “I wanted to do
something interesting today.”
“Which brings you here.” Akechi finishes. “To me.” He’ll admit to not seeing the logic.
“To Lady Ann, thank you very much!” Morgana snaps, “But I also wanted to talk to you.”
Joy. “About what?”
“Stuff.” Morgana licks at his paw, somehow managing to make the action look like the height
of dignity, “Our palace runs are going fine, but it’d go even smoother if you were around.”
Akechi thinks that might be the closest thing to a compliment Morgana will ever be willing to
acquiesce to him. It’s more irritating than gratifying. “If you want me back in the fray, blame
Ren for keeping me boxed up in here.”
“I am.” Morgana says simply, and Akechi blinks with surprise, “Everyone else who’s seen
you likes you too much. They’d probably consider a stubbed toe enough reason to keep you
out of the Metaverse.”
Akechi thinks that description doesn’t quite apply to Makoto, at least. “And you’re here to
provide your expert and impartial medical opinion.”
“Sure am!” Morgana puffs up proudly. He looks Akechi up and down, “I mean, you look
fine.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying.” Akechi deadpans.
“But, just because you look fine doesn’t mean that you are.”
“Which is what everyone else has been saying.” He grits.
Morgana hums. “Stand up.”
Akechi stares, “Why?”
“Just do it!”
He rolls his eyes, but dutifully stands next to the bed.
“Now…” Morgana’s ears twitch, “Jump.”

This is ridiculous. Akechi jumps.
Morgana’s ears droop, “That was kind of a lame jump.”
“You should have been more specific.” Akechi drawls.
“Jump as high as you can, then!”
Akechi squats low, and springs into the air. He keeps his face still as it tugs at something
along his ribs.
Morgana looks pleased. “Good.” He takes a few paces forward, settling right on the edge of
the bed. “Can you do a pushup?”
Akechi closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath. “In general?”
“Right now.”
Akechi keeps his glare fixed on the cat as he gets down to the ground in a plank, and lowers
himself all the way to the floor before pushing back up. His wrists protest at the excess
pressure, but he’ll live. “Just the one?”
Morgana leaps onto his back. Akechi grunts at the sudden weight. He doesn’t think he’d need
to have been beaten to hell for his spine to not appreciate that one. “Do another!” The cat
demands.
Akechi quietly seethes as he does another pushup.
Morgana, thankfully, hops off his back after that. “Pretty good.” He assesses.
Akechi pulls himself out of the plank. “Are you satisfied?”
“Eh.” Morgana hops back up to the bed, “I’m kinda out of ideas, so I guess.” He looks up at
the ceiling, “You don’t have anywhere you can do pullups, do you?”
Thankfully, Ann’s apartment is free of rafters. “Believe it or not,” Akechi says, very
seriously, standing to retake his own seat on the bed, “I don’t live in an attic.”
“But you are couchsurfing.” Morgana manages to smirk, somehow. He looks around the
room, “Or, well, bedsurfing.”
“Is your living situation any different?” Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“Hey!” Morgana yowls, “I can’t get my own place! I would, if I could!”
“Would you look at that?” Akechi says drily, “We’re in the same boat.”
Morgana mutters something probably unflattering under his breath, before huffing loudly.
“Whatever.” He sniffs, “But I am impressed.”
Another rare compliment. “Oh?”

“You looked like hell when Ren and everyone rushed back to Leblanc with you.” Morgana
says matter-of-factly, “Really terrible. But then you could almost hold a conversation a few
hours later, and now a whole week later and you look fine.”
“I think,” Akechi begins, “That I have a high pain tolerance.”
Morgana hums, looking to consider this, “I guess you would. You’ve been running around the
Metaverse for years, and you don’t do that without getting stabbed a couple of times. Or
burned.” He kneads into the sheets, “Or struck by lightning.”
Akechi has had all those things happen to him. “Something like that.”
“Have you ever had stuff like that happen in the real world, though?” Morgana asks, “’Cause
everyone says it’s different.”
“Sometimes.” Akechi admits, “I used to get into scrapes.” Before he met Shido, before he
metThere’s a door.
(There are things you can grow a tolerance for.
Many things, really. Anyone can grow used to anything if the benefits of shouldering it
outweigh the benefits of attempting to toss it aside.
Learning to walk off any number of injuries is a valuable skill, Akechi finds. He’s never
outright broken a bone, not in the real world, but cracks, tears, bruising- all fair game. So,
being locked in that room and chained to that chair to be kicked and punched and tugged
every which way was positively mild by comparison to the immediate pain that an injury in
the Metaverse can provide, even despite the lasting afterimage that he has to endure in this
instance.
And being drugged was unpleasant, sure- but they clearly weren’t trying that hard to kill him
with it, if that back-alley doctor wasn’t frantic and Akechi felt most of the way to lucid by the
next day. He dislikes having his wits stolen, but they’re back, and he’ll be damned if anyone
ever gets the chance to try for round two.
YOU FORGET YOUR OWNHe’s never had that much of an issue with needles, and certainly never anything quite like
this. Something new to haunt him, then. Wakaba could never bring herself to be that
reckless-)
Some doors, perhaps, shouldn’t be opened.
It’s a door, not a goddamn floodgate, it’s not broken, so why won’t it close all the way“Akechi?” Morgana pokes at his leg.
Akechi stops digging his nails into his palms. “Yes?”

Morgana gives him a dubious look.
“What is it?” Akechi asks, more forcefully.
“…Nothing.” Morgana says, ears flattening against his head.
“Why are you still here?” Akechi snaps.
Morgana sighs. His tail twitches, like he’s considering something. Eventually, he stiffly plods
over and settles himself in Akechi’s lap.
“What are you doing.” Akechi says, flat.
“Getting comfy.” Morgana grouses, in the tone of someone who is not anywhere remotely
close to comfortable.
Akechi doesn’t shove him off. He slowly lowers his hand to scratch between Morgana’s ears.
Morgana starts purring, a bit.
“You should get me sushi.” He declares, tail twitching some more. “You used to get me sushi
a lot, when I stayed with you.”
“I didn’t think you’d eat anything else.” Akechi admits distantly, “And that was only for a
few days.”
“Still!” Morgana’s tail lashes, “And of course I wouldn’t have eaten anything else- you had
nothing else in your kitchen.”
Akechi still didn’t have anything in his kitchen when he had to leave. At least no one had to
deal with rotting food. Though, that hardly would have been his problem by then.
“I think,” Akechi says, “I would like to get out of this place.”
Morgana takes a moment to respond. “…We could walk around Mementos for a bit.”
“I’d like to kill something.”
Morgana hums, “Well, I think you’re fine. But Ren would kill me.”
“A worthy sacrifice.”
“Hey!” Morgana yowls, leaving his loaf position, “I was trying to be nice!”
Akechi knows. “Just don’t let Ren find out.”
Morgana huffs, “How about no?” He re-curls himself into a ball, “You’d owe me more sushi
than you could ever afford.”
A hard bargain.

“Let’s just walk around, then.” Akechi compromises.
Morgana springs to his feet, “Alright, then.” He pauses, “But after, can we ask Lady Ann if
we can get sushi for dinner?”
“Sure.” Why not.
(Makoto must have a sixth sense for when he vanishes from the apartment, because she levels
him with a suspicious look when he emerges from his room some time later. She must also
have a sixth sense for something else Akechi doesn’t care to name, because she leaves well
alone after he tells her that he needed to take a walk.)
(And, of course, the Hermit grows to rank seven sometime during dinner.)
***
Noir gets a sense of finality as her, Joker, Violet, and Mona enter Ooe’s palace the day
following.
The treasure is right there, of course. It’s just a matter if they can force access. It would be
quite a waste of time if they couldn’t.
If they’re lucky, there won’t be a barrier to access. Noir knows that this will not be the case.
She, and the Phantom Thieves at large, have markedly terrible luck.
The final room of the palace is a long and grand corridor, closer to a great hall. There is a
semblance of a stage at the end of the room, surrounded by the final roll of red carpet and
housing their shimmering immaterial target. Ooe’s shadow stands on the steps that lead up to
the the raised segment of floor, laughing haughtily with some cognitions that chatter
mindlessly.
“You know,” Mona speaks up as they exit the safe room, “Isn’t this palace supposed to be an
award ceremony?”
“That’s what it says on the pamphlet.” Joker agrees, dry.
Mona rolls his eyes, but continues on, “It doesn’t look much like a ceremony, is all.” He
narrows his eyes, “More just a… party.”
Barring the red carpet splitting the room, and the broad podium at the end of it, Noir has to
agree with the assessment. There haven’t been any presentations in any of the sections
they’ve trampled through, and now none here, where they should expect it most.
“Award ceremonies are usually one-time events.” Violet points out, “…So maybe it needs a
trigger for it to actually happen?”
“But palaces don’t have to follow that kind of logic.” Mona shakes his head, “For all Ooe
cares, the TV station could be an eternal loop of him getting more and more awards, and
everyone giving a standing ovation every two minutes.”

Noir is a bit surprised the palace isn’t that.
“But it’s not.” Joker counters, “So, maybe there is a trigger of some kind.”
“In here?” Noir asks, “Or out there?”
“Out there, most likely.” Mona folds his arms.
“Or it could be when anyone makes an attempt to take his treasure?” Violet suggests.
Noir hums, then jolts, “His interviews.”
Joker blinks, “Huh? Oh.”
“That would make sense.” Mona nods eagerly, “Every time he goes off to give an interview
in the real world, all the festivities pause and he gets presented an award here. Everything
else is just the pre-party.”
“I wonder if anyone else gets any awards, in that case?” Violet hums. “There are a lot of oneoff and returning guests in the real world, so I’m curious if Ooe acknowledges them at all.”
“Think we’ll find Goro in here?” Ren asks abruptly.
Haru thinks that she has had quite enough of cognitions of her friends. “I hope not.”
“Right.” Joker coughs.
Mona sighs, “If we’re done… should we get back to securing our route? All we have to do is
check if the treasure is accessible.”
Noir internally reiterates that the Phantom Thieves are never lucky. She is not so much a fool
to hope otherwise, to quash what little universal leeway they are granted thanks to something
as irritating as jinxing herself.
“Get ready for a fight once we test this.” Joker warns them, as they weave between cliques
and clumps, “Is the security level still rising permanently, Mona?”
“Not right now.” Mona says, sniffing at the air as he does, “I think since we’re in a proper
area again, the palace isn’t freaking out.”
“It probably helps that we didn’t break through the ceiling to get here, this time.” Violet says,
and adds as an afterthought: “Twice.”
“Something like that, probably.” Joker agrees, eyes narrowing as they approach the steps. He
freezes, and they all startle and freeze with him. “Wait.”
“What is it?” Noir asks, urgent.
Joker looks alarmed at her tone, like he didn’t give them all a heart attack, “Oh- I just want to
check something here. We’re still clueless about the Cleaner’s name, but there might be

something in here since Ooe is of a similar standing to Shido, so…” He rubs the back of his
neck sheepishly, “I thought that might be good to do before we piss everyone off.”
Everyone visibly deflates.
“Are we looking for anything in particular?” Noir asks, “Or are we just going to poke around
and see if anything sticks?”
“The latter, mostly.” Joker admits.
Violet hums, contemplative, “Would a cognition of the Cleaner even be allowed in this part
of the palace?”
Mona shrugs, “Dunno. Ooe’s got a serious case of being cryptic about his rules. For all we
know, the Cleaner isn’t allowed to set foot in here. Or maybe Ooe doesn’t know he exists.”
“We also might find something big, if only we check.” Ren counters.
“Then let’s check.” Noir agrees. They have nothing to lose from trying, aside from
potentially provoking a fight.
None of them move.
Mona coughs.
Violet laughs uncomfortably, “…So? Where do we start?”
“We could split up.” Noir offers.
The all hum. Still, no one moves.
Joker sighs. “Okay, maybe I should have thought of a plan ahead of time.”
“Do you know what he looks like?” Mona asks.
Joker grimaces, “Vaguely?”
“…Enough to identify him in a crowd?” Violet pushes.
“If he’s shirtless?” Joker clicks his tongue, “Probably.”
Noir scans the room to check if there’s anyone obviously shirtless walking around. There
isn’t.
“You know,” She starts, “These kind of events are often used for networking.”
Joker turns to her, “Yeah?”
“They’re beds of flattery. Alcohol loosens lips and gets people to see others in a marginally
more appealing light.” She elaborates, “It’s all quite convenient for laying the soil of
negotiation, not to mention information gathering.”

Violet blinks, “You think people will just be gossiping about the yakuza like it’s nothing?”
“Not necessarily.” Noir shakes her head, “But the point is, you can make them gossip.”
“Huh.” Joker turns back to the room, “Well, we’ve done info gathering before.”
Mona very suddenly gives him a dubious look, “Sure.”
“I didn’t say we did it well.”
“…I think cognitions are more liable to be easily tricked, so you might be in luck.” Noir says.
“What about Ooe’s shadow, then?” Violet’s eyes flicker in the man’s direction, “He’d be
sharper, but he’d also have more information, wouldn’t he? No weird rules about who’s
allowed to know what in his head.”
“True.” Joker nods, and pauses. “…You seem pretty good at all this, Noir.”
That is an impression that she seems to keep giving, yes. “Are you asking me to try my luck
with Ooe?”
Joker shrugs, “You’ve talked your way through this palace before. Successfully.” He adds,
and Violet winces, “And you’re pretty experienced at this in general.”
“I’m not.” Noir blurts.
He blinks, “Oh.”
“I mean,” She doesn’t know why she admitted that, “I’ve been at these types of events
before, of course, but I didn’t really speak.” Her job was to stand and look pretty, she
supposes. “I mostly just watched my father try and ingratiate himself with potential business
partners.”
There’s an awkward pause.
“Did he ever start gossiping about the yakuza like it was nothing?” Violet asks.
Haru’s lips twitch up, “Believe it or not, he didn’t.”
Sumire almost looks disappointed.
“So you can’t talk to Ooe?” Joker ventures awkwardly.
Noir tugs a bit at her hat, “I can try.”
“Then go for it.” He says, and that’s that.
So she shall.
***

Noir doesn’t make a straight shot for Ooe.
She makes a show of mingling, first. There’s a shadow with a plate of drinks, and she sweeps
off a champagne flute to try and fit in.
She takes a sip. It’s pretty good. Though perhaps now is not the time for a psientific
investigation on whether one can become intoxicated off of cognitive alcohol in a cognitive
space. Maybe Goro already knows.
She shuffles further towards the podium, toeing along the edge of the red carpet and smiling
blithely at blurry-faced strangers as she does.
She hits a wall.
Not a literal wall- nor really a metaphorical one. She simply approaches the edge of the semicircular podium, less than half a metre away from the carpet that encircles it, and can
progress no further. Ooe stands behind the block, tittering a grating laugh to some cognitions
that Noir is sure she’d recognise if she paid more attention at the parties she’s been dragged
to.
Barriers ought to have some more elegance than just that, she thinks. No barrier at all would
be preferable, of course, but it is what it is.
The conversation between the shadow and cognitions trails off, leaving Ooe to stand alone on
the steps, eyeing his treasure every so often.
Nothing to be done, then.
“Ooe-san.” Noir pulls a smile together, and does a small curtsy, “I wanted to formally
introduce myself.”
If the shadow is startled at being so suddenly addressed by a strange woman in a mask and a
feathered hat, he doesn’t show it, “Ah,” He exclaims performative, “And who might you
be?”
“Haru Okumura,” She tips her hat slightly, passing her drink to her other hand. She’s glad he
at least doesn’t seem to recognise her from the thieves’ short encounter with him on their first
proper infiltration here.
“Okumura?” Ooe’s shadow narrows his eyes at her suspiciously, “I am… surprised that you
were granted access here.”
It’s awfully convenient that he’s too proper to call her out immediately. “Yes, well,” Noir
tucks her hair behind her ear, “My accomplishments have caught some eyes, these days.”
“Have they?” Ooe still sounds dubious. “I suppose you are awfully young to be the head of a
business. Though you just inherited it.” He says with some disdain, before smoothing himself
over. “Well, nonetheless, it’s good to see you here, Okumura-chan. How are you enjoying the
festivities?”

Noir smiles, thin-lipped, “They’re quite impressive, Ooe-san,” They’re even blander than
Shido’s parties, “And of course, the opportunity to speak with the guest of honour is the
highlight.”
Ooe chuckles, “You flatter me. If you ever need any advice, do get in contact. Business and
politics are similar, in many ways.”
Noir gets that impression, yes. “I’ll keep that in mind, Ooe-san.” She swirls her flute of
champagne, affecting a thoughtful expression, “I did have some questions, actually, if you
have the time.”
The shadow’s expression tightens, but he still smiles, “Of course! Ask away.”
“Thank you,” Noir smiles again. “You and Shido-san have something of a working
relationship, correct?”
Ooe freezes. “Ah,” He stutters, “Indeed. He should be somewhere around here, actually.”
Noir thinks that while Shido certainly fits the definition of someone who belongs here, that
Ooe likely twists the narrative of those circumstances as much as possible. “You get special
access to his services, don’t you? It’s quite the accomplishment to be in his good graces like
that.”
The shadow coughs, “ Ah, you’ve,” he clears his throat, “You’ve heard about that, have
you?”
“Of course.”
“Yes- well.” Ooe’s jaw grinds, “Colour me surprised, Okumura-chan.”
“Surely you noticed my father’s -ah- business aspirations?” Noir reaches for a mask, and
lands on someone else’s. She’s sure he won’t mind her borrowing it. “His trigger-happiness
very nearly brought the whole thing down, so I must apologise for that.”
Ooe’s gaze turns apprising, “Yes, well. It would be improper to judge you for your father’s
actions.”
“Thank you.” Haru doesn’t smile. “Of course, I would never wish to destabilise Shido-san in
any way before we have yet to build a rapport. I don’t think I’ll be resorting to the same
methods as my father.”
The shadow’s brief look of consideration turns uncomfortable again. “That’s… good to
hear.”
“I’m glad.” Noir looks to the ground, “Though, that doesn’t mean I may need some…
external assistance when dealing with any issues I may face. …You wouldn’t happen to know
any alternatives, would you?”
Golden eyes flit about nervously. “Not by name.”

“But you know where to find them?”
“No.” The shadow laughs, strained, “When Shido-san and I became partners in the political
world-” Haru almost makes a face, “-I went to him for any… requests. This was before he
found his discreet methods, mind you. After that, I doubt he’d made much use of alternatives
at all.”
Where does a shadow’s knowledge begin and end, Noir wonders? Shadows are inherently
more self-aware than cognitions, as she’s seen, even partially aware of their half existence;
and yet they can get wrapped up in the play of their delusions with just a short push down a
path of conversation that cancels that out.
A shadow cannot draw conclusions about the real world, she decides.
Well, that isn’t particularly important, she supposes. The only problem is that if Ooe truly has
no knowledge of the Cleaner’s identity, talking it out with his shadow isn’t going to get her
any closer.
“That’s a shame.” Noir says, “Perhaps I will have to rely on Shido-san’s services after all.”
She sighs, and takes a sip of the flute still in her hands, “He did offer more than just discreet
solutions to begin with.”
“That’s quite true.” Ooe agrees, “Your father favoured Shido-san’s unique services, from
what I saw.”
“Do you know how many he commissioned?” Haru asks.
Ooe coughs, “What?”
“Do you know how many psychotic breakdowns my father commissioned.” She says again.
The shadow sniffs, “How should I know that, Okumura-chan? A fair few, I’d wager. It
certainly speaks to your father’s lack of business sense.”
Perhaps. Though Haru thinks it may be less to do with business sense and more to do with
unsubtlety.
“Of course, my apologies for asking.” She takes a sip of her glass, “But how about you?”
The shadow’s eyes sharpen further, “What about me?”
“How many have you ordered?”
The pulsing red ever-present at the corners of Noir’s vision bleeds a little brighter. She
ignores it. She already knew this was a dangerous topic to tread.
Gold flashes, “What are you looking for, Okumura-san?”
Good question.

She can’t call it curiosity. The term seems too innocent, for what she is asking. She could
tack ‘morbid’ on the front and call it a day, and yet that doesn’t seem quite it either. Too
detached, too uninvolved. Too ignorant of where she stands, as a thief, as an Okumura.
So perhaps the true answer is somewhere closer to“Have you ever been curious as to what a psychotic breakdown feels like, Ooe-san?”
Gold dims, replaced with dull confusion, too baffled to be outraged, “I certainly have not.”
Haru swirls her glass, “Ah, of course not.”
Ah, now there’s the outrage, “Are you threatening me-”
“No, what would that accomplish?” Haru lies, “It was truly just a curiosity.”
It’s not really a threat. She has neither the intention nor capability to enact such a thing
anyway. Though, if it isn’t a threat, then what was the point of the comment at all?
Perhaps the topic has her on edge. Perhaps she’s curious herself, her father permanently
scarred and her friend bringing them on himself with little regard and nought in the way of
consequences. Or maybe there are, and she just can’t see.
Curiosity still doesn’t feel right.
(Haru does not like this man. Yes, a threat is far closer to the truth.)
“I am astounded you have not deigned to learn acceptable topics for polite conversation.”
The shadow snaps.
“Please excuse me.” Noir hums, “I did not mean to offend.” No sense in kicking off a fight
when the treasure is neither accessible or corporeal.
That red pulses brighter.
(That feeling again, that you don’t belong, you need to leave, you need to get out, you don’t
belong here, you don’t-)
Perhaps she pushed too hard.
(What for?)
Noir bows, “I think I’ll be taking my leave for now, Ooe-san. Congratulations on your
awards.”
“Yes.” The shadow blurs at the edges, “I think that would be for the best.”
***
Finding the other thieves in a crowd is potentially the easiest thing Noir has done all month.

“Find anything?” Joker asks immediately.
Violet and Mona both sigh, and shake their heads. Noir shakes hers, too, “Ooe knows
nothing, from what I can tell.” She furrows her brow, “Though, he does know of the cleaner.
It seems he went through Shido for any requests.”
Joker clicks his tongue, “Right…” He tugs at his fringe, “It narrows it down, I guess. I’m not
sure what I was expecting.”
Haru was hoping for a bit more, too.
“It’s something.” Violet says, rather charitably, “But aside from that, what are we going to do
about the treasure?”
“There’s a wall.” Noir tells them, “Invisible, and I presume impassable, though I didn’t
exactly check every angle.”
“Those things tend to be all encompassing.” Joker assures her, “We’ve already been here a
while, but I want to get this wrapped up today.”
“So, then…” Violet trails off, leaving space for good plans.
There is a pause, and a distinct lack of good plans.
“I think I have an idea.” Mona announces.
“Oh?” Joker stuffs his hands in his pockets, “Go on.”
“Well, if this whole place is a reflection of the TV studio, then maybe you can only go up on
stage to receive an award.” Mona’s ears flick as he explains, “So, in other words…”
“While you’re on air.” Violet finishes, eyes widening.
“That would be rather difficult to set up, would it not?” Noir frowns.
Joker shakes his head, “Not necessarily. All it changes is how we send the calling card.”
Violet is almost bouncing with excitement at the prospect, “And you’ve sent calling cards on
TV before!”
Noir tilts her head, bemused, “I take it was impressive?”
“Extremely.” Violet admits, flushing slightly, “A bit surprising to see without warning,
but…”
“Half the fun, right?” Joker grins, “Oracle put her heart and soul into that one. I guess time
she’ll get to go for it twice.”
“The timing might be tight, depending on how it works.” Mona points out, puzzling over the
logistics, before he shrugs, “But I think we’re done here.”

“Agreed.” Joker cracks his neck, “We’ll account for timing once we get there.”
Noir smiles a bit at everyone’s eagerness to leave. She’s feeling the sentiment rather strongly
herself.
Joker flashes one last look at the expanse of the palace, before smirking, and whipping out
his phone with a flourish, “Let’s head home, shall we?”

Chapter End Notes

I admit that i have been extremely lax on actually writing during this semester. though, i
think i needed the break. i still have a large buffer, so i'm all good on that front; just
recharging the reserves, so to speak lmao
also. ha. haha. so metaphor refantazio, huh? (by which i mean it's brainrot central over
here)
some art to share this week, though! first, some art of the bmtrio from hypogryffin on
bsky, which you can find here! And then, some art spanning events from the whole fic
by Akechidefender on tumblr, check it out here! tysm for this, it always makes my day
<3
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! my god, the hermit. forget 300 years, it's been eons
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 8
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ryuji: I've got this. emotional maturity is like, my thing. and Ann's, but we can share.
Ren: so i'm just really pissed that Akechi is winning at recovery, of all things
Ryuji: nevermind, don't got this.

Chapter 88
Chapter Summary

Tripping down memory lane, old wounds, and poking sleeping bears.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Futaba is pretty confident that they can wrap all this nonsense up today.
It’s just tipped past half November, which is alarmingly close to December, which is
alarmingly close to past their deadline, so Futaba thinks they needed to be done with Sato’s
mess of things she doesn’t want to see yesterday.
Everyone else seems to be of a similar mind. Or maybe they’re just impatient. Both tend to
get the job done.
The game starts again immediately, apropos nothing, as Futaba and her half of the thieves
exit their furthest safe room.
The lack of build up might be better, actually, she thinks. Simmering in whatever they’ll have
to see next would have probably just made this whole thing a lot more uncomfortable than it
already is.
“So-” Is all Ryuji gets out before everything goes dark.
Light floods back after only a moment, revealing another pixelated backdrop of what is
presumably Sato’s office again. The desk is messier, and so is the floor. The green light
emanating from his computer seems sicklier than usual, bathing the trash in hard highlights
and a distasteful sheen.
2013 - 12:42 am - Your office
He has a job for you.
> Attack
> Lie
> [Explore]
Ryuji whistles, “Gettin’ right into it, huh?”
“Look,” Yusuke jerks his chin forward, “We’ve jumped in time.”

They certainly have. “When was the last scene set?” Futaba asks.
“…2000, wasn’t it?” Makoto tilts her head, trying to remember.
“I think so, yeah.” Ann nods, “I guess all the stuff in between isn’t important.”
“Pretty borin’ thirteen years.” Ryuji mutters.
Yusuke nods, “Potentially. Or, the events of those thirteen years simply aren’t relevant to the
plot of whatever Sato’s subconsciousness is focused on.”
“Whichever it is,” Makoto interjects, “It doesn’t change how we proceed.” With that, she
reaches forward to tap at [Explore]
> [Explore]
> He wants his researcher’s goings-on to be airtight.
> No one finds out what she’s up to
> It’s an indefinite kind of job
Futaba sucks in a breath.
Ann coughs, “I… guess that checks out, doesn’t it?”
“This is about three years ago.” Makoto comments quietly.
“Wait.” Futaba says, “It doesn’t make sense.”
Yusuke frowns, “Why not?”
“Because the last scene-” with Akechi’s mother, with that party, with her mom only referred
to as his researcher, “-Means that my mom was working for Shido for at least thirteen years
by now. So why encrypt all her stuff to hell and back now? ”
“That is strange.” Yusuke agrees, brow furrowing.
“Maybe he just decided he wanted some extra security?” Makoto offers.
Futaba shakes her head furiously, “It should’ve been encrypted anyway, if it’s government
research.”
“Then maybe he wanted an upgrade?” Ann suggests, “Or the old security got breached, or
something.”
Maybe.
“Or maybe your mom only started gettin’ results or something around then.” Ryuji scratches
at the back of his neck, “So Shido wanted some insurance.”

Maybe that, too.
What changed three years ago? WhatOh.
Futaba smacks the Attack button before she can think any more.
> Attack
> You bury everything you can.
> You keep burying everything you can. The researcher doesn’t make it easy for you.
> The titles of the documents always look interesting.
Read them?
> Yes
> No
“Huh.” Ann puts a hand on her hip, “He can just… do that?”
“He’s definitely not supposed to.” Futaba grumbles.
“But did he, is the question.” Makoto points out.
Ryuji blows a raspberry, “He totally did, right? That’s what you were sayin’ with the laser tag
floor, Oracle? That cognitions and shadows ain’t supposed to mix like that.”
“That’s true.” Yusuke agrees, “But another question is whether now is the time he read that
research.”
“I think we’re overthinking it.” Ann declares, “I say go for it.”
Makoto hesitates, then sighs, “Alright.” And presses Yes.
> Yes
> You open the files.
> You read them
> And read
> And read
> You discover something very interesting.
> And read

> The researcher catches you.
The world abruptly goes black.
And then, suddenly, jarringly, bright white.
The scene is a corridor, all white tile and cool lights above. The hall is lined with doors, each
with a plaque describing- something, but Futaba can’t make it out. Too fuzzy, too pixelated,
clearly something Sato doesn’t remember or doesn’t care to share.
But most importantly, there’s a woman’s portrait behind the textbox. A sleek black bob cut, a
turtle neck, a lab coat, those same glasses.
Ann catches Futaba by the hand and squeezes tight.
2013 - 4:21 pm - Her laboratory
Her mom laughs.
Researcher: If you wanted to read it, you could have asked!
> Lie
> Attack
> Defend
> [Explore]
Makoto quietly reaches forward to select [Explore]
> [Explore]
> She had extra firewalls in place to alert her when someone goes digging
> Apparently He didn’t tell her about your job
> She doesn’t seem hostile
Futaba remembers her mom asking her to beef up her security. She had been young enough
that she listened unconditionally to the teasing of You’re not allowed to look, Futaba! Just
make it so no one else can, either.
She feels a burst of numb satisfaction that Sato tripped straight into the trap.
“If she isn’t hostile…” Makoto muses.
“Uh,” Ryuji looks very uncomfortable, “So, Lie or Defend?”
“Agreed.” Yusuke folds his arms, “I’d argue that lying would simply be stalling.”

“Defend, then?” Makoto turns to them all for confirmation.
Futaba nods, and she taps Defend.
> Defend
> You explain your job
> The researcher laughs
Her sprite does, too.
Researcher: I’m guessing reading what I’m up to wasn’t in the job description?
> It wasn’t.
> It was.
The textbox changes before Makoto gets the chance to even ask what to press.
Researcher: Well, that doesn’t really matter. The horse has bolted!
Researcher: The only question is, how much did you read?
Her expression changes to something more piercing.
> You seem nervous.
> Nothing important.
> [Explore]
Makoto automatically goes to press [Explore], before Futaba blurts “Don’t do that.”
Makoto give her a confused look, “…Why not? It’d give us more information.”
Because she knows what Sato saw, because she knows what Sato is getting at, because she
knows behind one of those doors isBecause she did, tentatively, make an unspoken promise.
“Just…” Futaba grasps for something, “Pick the middle one.”
Makoto looks dubious, but obliges.
Researcher: Is that so?
Her expression is cheerful again.
Researcher: That’s impossible, though. All my research is important!

> Of course.
> Why’d you call me here?
“I say the second.” Ryuji says, cocking his head, “I’m kinda confused too.”
Makoto nods, and when no objections are raised, she taps the second option.
Researcher: For getting a read on you, obviously!
Researcher: I really do wish Shido just told me he was doing this, though.
Researcher: I understand why, but still. A heads-up would have been nice.
> [Lie]
> Let him know yourself.
“Do any of these options actually matter?” Ann asks, tilting her head.
“Probably not.” Futaba says.
Makoto frowns at the textbox, “What does lie mean in this context?”
“Perhaps, lying about informing Shido about the researcher’s plight?” Yusuke suggests.
Futaba doesn’t know entirely why he’s avoiding saying her mom’s name, and she isn’t sure if
she appreciates it. “So it doesn’t matter either way.” She says.
“I suppose not.” Makoto murmurs. She hovers, and eventually taps on [Lie]
> [Lie]
Researcher: Sure you will.
Researcher: Anyway, I guess I should thank you for beefing up my security.
Researcher: I wouldn’t tell Shido about what you read, if I were you.
> Does he not know?
> I won’t
Futaba narrows her eyes, and bats at the first option before Makoto can ask.
Researcher: Of course he does!
Researcher: But you’re not supposed to know.
Researcher: So let’s keep this between us, yes?

Everything goes black, andDoesn’t reform.
Static fills the void.
“Hey,” Ryuji calls out, sounding alarmed, “What’s-?”
“There’s someone here!” A man’s voice, panicked, echoes.
The other thieves are illuminated by the faint glow of the static that grows louder in waves.
Makoto, towards the front, tenses and looks around wildly, “Who’s there?” She snaps.
Ann squeezes Futaba’s hand a bit tighter. “Can you sense anything?” She asks quietly.
Right, navigatorWell, everything feels a lot like static, so that’s a bad start.
“There’s something here…” The voice echoes again, “It’s him, it’s him, it has to be!”
“It’s a shadow!” Futaba comes to the realisation and blurts immediately, “Sato’s shadow, I
mean!”
“Here? ” Yusuke says incredulously.
“No-?” Futaba can’t see anything, “It’s- it’s just his voice, I think. But it’s definitely his
shadow’s voice. I’m not sure if it’s reflective of what he’s thinking now, or what he thought at
a different time, or…”
“Oh…” Ryuji drawls out, “Remember Madarame’s palace?”
“Uh, yeah?” Ann says, voice raising over the roaring. Futaba has to cover her eyes as the
flickering light starts to make her head hurt.
“His shadow started commentin’ on shit too, remember?”
Yusuke mutters, barely audible, “That’s true…”
“So is this part of the game, still?” Makoto calls out.
“Well there’s nothing we can do,” Futaba says.
The voice speaks again, omnipresent and fracturing at the edges, “What does he want? He’s
here. It itches. Is he going to kill me? That’s his job, isn’t it? What is he doing, what is he
doing-”
Everything freezes.
Through the gaps in Futaba’s fingers, she sees the text box appear again.

2014 - ??.-? - Err--r -?
???: You’re his technician,
And shatter,
“-Aren’t you?”
The voice is different, this time, cutting across and imposing itself over what should have
been just text.
It also sounds awfully familiar.
Sato’s voice starts babbling in multiple directions; “Yes, yes I am, yes,” “Please don’t hurt
me!” “It’s not your business, you shouldn’t know that, He doesn’t respect you like he respects
me, why are you here, why are you here, why are you-”
The static, while not roaring and blinding any more, glitches and shifts and tries to reform
with each new thread of thought that Sato’s shadow is set off on, never quite settling on one.
It starts almost depicting scenes from inside the palace, yellow eyes and red fractals
appearing at the edges.
“So.” Futaba says, “I think Crow broke something last time he was here.”
“You think?” Ryuji blurts.
The text box tries to reform again.
???: I’m looking to
“-Employ your services.”
“What does he want,” Sato whispers, “What does he want, He never told me about this, why
doesn’t he just ask Him to do it, he’s going to hurt me, that’s his job, that’s his job,”
“How is this even possible? ” Makoto demands, sounding somewhere between baffled and
concerned.
“Your guess is as good as mine.” Futaba shrugs, “But if you are asking for my guess, I’d say
that Sato’s knowledge of the Metaverse’s mechanics is coming to bite him in the ass.”
“So this all happened in his head…” Ann starts.
“And he’s, like, kinda aware of it?” Ryuji adds, “Trippy.”
Yusuke hums, “Is it only his shadow that’s aware of it?”
“Can’t be.” Futaba counters, “Plenty of the shadows we’ve encountered remember things that
their real-world counterparts can’t. If Sato just had an encounter with the Black Mask, then
yeah, maybe his shadow would be scared shitless, but it wouldn’t be like…”

All the thieves very pointedly look at the shifting miasma of pixels.
“This.” She finishes.
“So what was Crow trying to do?” Makoto pushes.
“I guess we’ll find out.” Ann sighs.
Another sigh cuts across the stream of noise that Sato’s shadow spews.
???: There’s really no need
“-for all that. I just need something from you
--?: that He can’t know about.
Futaba’s ears are starting to hurt.
The text box flickers in and out, trying and failing to manifest options. Sato’s voice echoes in
whispers, some inaudible, but many hissing what does he want, what does he want, get him
out, what does he> What do you want?
Well, at least the game isn’t broken.
“I suppose that removes the struggle of choice.” Yusuke hums.
Makoto sighs, grimacing as she reaches out to touch the glitching and sparking option
available to them.
???: I was
“-getting to that.”
Even in Sato’s head, Akechi sounds like just as much of an asshole as ever, Futaba muses.
She guesses it’s kinda deserved, in this instance. She doesn’t like Sato either.
???: I’m not sure if it would really have much of an effect by now
“-But I suppose it’s better late than never. Do you know who I am?”
He asks it like an after thought, like he expects the answer to be No, but Sato’s voice starts
babbling again: “Yes, yes I do, I read it, Yes, I wanted to get something out of her but she
barely batted an eye that I knew, Yes,”
“…What is he talking about?” Makoto asks warily.
“Dunno.” Ryuji shrugs, chewing at his lip, “Oracle?”
“No clue.” She lies.

Sato’s muttering dies out, and there’s a pause before the textbox sparks to light again.
???: Is that so.
???: I suppose that does
“-make this easier.”
The textbox cracks, but displays another option.
> What do you want?
Makoto still looks put off by the cryptic nature of this entire situation, but she taps at the
textbox anyway.
Everything suddenly stills. The textbox reappears, entirely normal.
???: Tell me.
???: How skilled are you at erasing information from public records?
> Extremely.
> [you have no choice, he can kill you, he can kill you, he can drive you mad, he can]
Ryuji whistles.
“At least everything’s stable again?” Ann says, not sounding particularly convinced.
Futaba isn’t super convinced, either. In fact, she’d argue nothing’s stable, because she can’t
see shit. “Just pick something and let’s hope Sato gets over his crisis.” She whines.
“Is this a crisis, or more a general response to being threatened?” Yusuke asks, which is far
too charitable in Futaba’s opinion.
“Well, whatever it can be classified as,” Makoto cuts in before Futaba can complain some
more. She hated that. A lot. “How should we proceed?”
“Uhhh,” Ryuji coughs, “The second kinda sounds like it’ll do somethin’ bad.”
“The first it is.” Makoto quickly agrees, apparently equally disturbed by whatever hole
Akechi tore in this guy’s head, and presses Extremely.
???: Good.
???: Well, get to work.
It was already pitch black in the abyss, but the textbox fully vanishes too after that, and any
lingering threads of Sato’s thoughts are snuffed out.
The pixel rendition of Sato’s office snaps into place again.

2016 - 3:45 am - Your office
He has a job for you.
> Attack
> Defend
> [Explore]
“Hey!” Ryuji cheers, “We’re up to date!”
“And apparently incapable of lying anymore.” Yusuke observes with a frown.
“Well, it’s not like we could do that anyway.” Ann points out, “We got a game over when we
tested it, remember?”
Makoto presses her lips together, “It’s still quite disconcerting.” She says, like this entire
thing isn’t disconcerting.
“Whatever.” Futaba taps [Explore] before they can debate about it, “Hopefully we’re almost
done.”
> [Explore]
> He has a plan
> He needs your help
> You always found Medjed annoying, anyway.
“Hey!” Futaba shouts indignantly. The posers, sure, but: “I’m great!”
“Wow, we’re really up to date, huh?” Ryuji blinks.
“So, this guy set it all up.” Ann tilts her head, “I guess that makes sense.”
“He does appear to be Shido’s go-to IT person.” Makoto agrees, “If Shido trusts him, or he’s
confident he can scare Sato into compliance, it would likely be a hassle or a security risk to
branch out.”
“The latter is true, I think.” Yusuke comments.
Futaba isn’t convinced trust is in Shido’s vocabulary, either. Or maybe it is, but only in the
slimy way that really means you’d better do this right or you know what’ll happen if you
mess up.
Either way, there’s only one thing that makes sense to do here.
“Just attack and maybe we’ll be done here.” Futaba complains, smacking her hands over her
goggles.

Makoto sighs, and dutifully taps on Attack.
> Attack
> You set it all up like He planned
> Maybe they’ll do everyone a favour and turn themselves in
> Or maybe they’ll run and hide, and the rest of His plan will be put into action
> Doesn’t matter to you
>…
> …They have a hacker?
Ryuji snickers triumphantly before the world goes dark, and Futaba can’t help but crack a
grin.
But before she can speculate on what the next scene will be, everything goes bright white.
The textbox appears:
Congratulations! It reads, You made it to the top!
“Uh, did we?” Ann asks incredulously.
Yusuke’s face scrunches in confusion, “Is that meant to imply we’ve simply reached the end
of significant events, or does Sato truly believe this is what success looks like?”
“Does it matter?” Ryuji asks, which is an excellent point, “We’re done! I’m sick o’ this
place.”
“Aren’t we all.” Makoto sighs, “I assume this will bump our rankings to the required number
to progress.”
“Wasn’t much of a competition.” Futaba mutters, “How’s this prove we’re better than the
other people on the leaderboard?”
“Best not to question it, I think.” Makoto interjects, “I’d rather not logic ourselves into a
blockade.”
Another good point. This place is weird enough as is; Futaba wouldn’t put it past Sato’s
shadow to notice their nitpicking and change the requirements. She keeps her mouth shut.
“So…” Ryuji rubs the back of his neck, “How d’we get outta here?”
Another point towards the palace is eavesdropping, as the textbox flickers out of existence at
his words. In it’s place, another door blinks into space- unpixelated and distinctly threedimensional, much like the safe room door before it.

Makoto tentatively reaches for the handle and pushes it open, and before any of them can
take a step, they’re all sucked through the open arch like they’re in a vacuum. They land in a
heap, accompanied by a series of offended yelps and pointy elbows.
Futaba spits her hair out of her mouth, scrambling to her feet, andOh. Well, this just looks like the hallway they entered that shitty game from. Not to try and
cram logic into a palace again, but she wonders if this implies the whole game spatially took
place inside the wall that was behind the arcade machine they started from. Well, whatever.
She stops thinking about it.
“Hey.” Ann says as she also hauls herself to standing, “Is that a safe room?”
“Indeed it is!” Futaba says with some flourish, hoping to drive Sato’s last game far, far from
her mind. “And past that is just a regular old hallway, and then a regular old room. I’m
sensing the treasure, too.”
“Well, what’re we waitin’ for?” Ryuji hops up, grinning, “Let’s finish up.”
“Let’s mark our progress first.” Makoto says wearily, and drags them all to the safe room.
***
They waste no time crossing the last bit of distance after they leave the safe room.
Cresting the top of the stairs is somewhat anticlimactic. The stairwell opens to a grand room,
sure, but Futaba notes that it’s pretty empty as she looks around. It’s dimly lit, and holds little
beyond some pillars holding up the wall. It’s a pretty major departure from the rest of the
palace, the veneer of an arcade being ditched entirely.
The main point of interest is at the opposite end, where at least twenty computer monitors
line the wall haphazardly, held out on arms to create an arc of scattered light, all framing a
cluttered desk. A figure sits in a chair, backlit by the excessive display.
The figure turns, and two yellow dots pierce the din. “Oh.” Sato’s shadow says, “Hi.”
All the thieves freeze.
“…Hello.” Makoto says, taken aback by the lack of hostility.
The shadow turns back around, the yellow lights melting into the lights from his frankly
overkill desktop setup, “What do you want?”
“He seems… unfazed.” Ann comments, shifting uncomfortably.
“Does he not perceive us as threats?” Yusuke frowns.
If he got so scared by Akechi showing up to bully him into helping him out, then surely he’d
be terrified by a bundle of thieves that actually mean him some version of harm.

Or maybe he hasn’t figured out who they are yet.
Though, on that…
“Where’s the treasure?” Ryuji hisses.
Look up. Necronomicon whispers.
Futaba jerks her chin up, and grimaces at the sight. Hung from the ceiling like a chandelier is
a series of four boxy TV’s, all displaying the incorporeal form of a treasure.
Futaba really hopes that the treasure being trapped in two dimensions isn’t going to be a
problem.
Sato turns back around, and follows her gaze, “You’re here for that? Not for sale.”
“We weren’t lookin’ to buy.” Ryuji glares.
“Who’re you guys?” The shadow mutters, and half the monitors flicker to display what looks
like security footage and lines of code. “P-H-N-T..? Oh, the Phantom Thieves.”
“That’s right.” Makoto calls out.
“Guess it’s pretty obvious in hindsight that you work by traipsing through people’s heads.”
Sato sighs.
Futaba had been doing her utmost to put her mother’s appearance in this palace out of her
mind, but apparently Sato has other plans. She can’t wait to take it out on him when they
come for his treasure properly.
“You don’t seem particularly inclined towards a fight.” Yusuke observes.
The shadow sighs again, louder, “The last time someone came in here, he didn’t kill me, and
he was made to kill people. I figure I’m good.”
“…And you think that’s because of you that you didn’t die?” Futaba asks, a bit baffled as to
the reasoning here, “And not because, I don’t know, you just weren’t worth killing?”
The shadow stiffens, “I’m too important to kill.”
“For your boss, maybe.” Ryuji taps his pipe against his shoulder, eyebrow raised.
“We aren’t here to kill you.” Makoto quickly interjects, “Even despite that, you don’t
particularly look like you could overpower us in a fight.”
“Looks can be deceiving.”
“So I don’t suppose you could be convinced to just hand your treasure over, when the time
comes?” Makoto ignores the attempt at an interruption.
The shadow scoffs, “No.”

Well.
“…Guess we’ll just beat you up the old fashioned way, then.” Futaba announces.
“Sure. Try.” Sato’s pinprick eyes glare from across the room, “But you guys are only number
five.”
“Uh… meaning?” Ann crosses her arms.
“Meaning, good luck trying to knock out the top four.”
Makoto huffs quietly, “I think,” she tells them, “That I know how this fight is going to
happen when we get to it.”
Futaba can see the writing on the wall pretty clearly, too. Who were the top four, again?
Shido, Sato obviously, and…
Well, at the very least, she won’t be surprised to see the Black Mask sniping them from the
shadows.
“Nice to know how it’s gonna go down before it happens.” Ryuji remarks, “But that’s all we
need, yeah?”
“It is.” Yusuke smiles, “I believe we have made excellent progress.”
Futaba never wants to come here again. Alas, fate is not so kind. “Let’s get the hell out of
here.”
***
The high of both teams finishing their respective palace runs (barring the calling card and
final curtain call) dies very quickly and with little ceremony, when Sumire realises exactly
what day it is.
November eighteenth should be, by all rights, a day like any other. Maybe it should have had
a ticket to being remarkable by virtue of being a break from the Metaverse, but no, no, it can
still be associated by proxy.
Sumire doesn’t need to listen to Maruki’s farewell speech, because she remembers it very
well. Not that she would have put much effort into listening anyway, but now she just has the
misfortune of knowing what he’s saying even while she does her best to squeeze her eyes
shut and ignore him.
She didn’t get the chance to slip into the bathroom and wait it out this time around, so now
she’s stuck.
Her mind wanders, because she can’t keep it on a leash like she’d prefer.
Last time, Maruki had gotten up on his soapbox and told them all how proud he was, how
grateful he was to have taught here and met them all, of their growth and their progress,

And, most importantly, how they could always run.
Kasumi Yoshizawa, or her corpse, had taken to her own internal soapbox and thought that
this particular sentiment was perhaps not the most healthy thing to internalise. Sumire
Yoshizawa, a year and the end of the world removed, can appreciate the irony in this. She
can’t seem to muster the will to see much humour in it though.
She wonders if Ren, nestled somewhere else in the school hall, is feeling much the same.
Maybe he is able to find it funny. Sumire isn’t sure if he should.
Sumire wonders, as Maruki goes on, if the man has ever heard the words coming out of his
mouth. She supposes most of them are relatively innocuous, or even the notoriously ignorant
Shujin staff would have heard the alarm bells. Or maybe they wouldn’t have. They did let
Kamoshida run around unchecked, after all.
But Maruki is just a washed up researcher, not an Olympic medallist. So maybe they would.
Maruki finishes his speech, managing to smack his head on the microphone as he bows,
causing the entire student body to jump, and then chuckle, as the sound reverberates through
the hall.
“Thank you all.” Maruki finishes with a sheepish grin and an embarrassed flush, and walks
offstage.
And he’s gone.
At least Sumire won’t have to avoid him at school, anymore.
(Where did he even go, in these intermittent months? Skulk around his probably-bad
apartment, wallowing in unemployment? Get all his affairs in order before tripping headfirst
into godhood? Sumire knows he didn’t plan it, his palace told them all that much. The red
rain and spires of bone erupting from the ground took him by surprise as much as they did
her.
He did have a counselling practice outside of his work at Shujin, so maybe he just went back
to that. Though Sumire doesn’t recall if he even kept it open- she had her own sessions
transferred to the school nurse’s office for convenience.
What difference does it make, in the end? It’s set to be discarded come Christmas eve either
way. Barely a stepping stone towards the Doctor’s true ambitions.)
She’s going to have to see him again, eventually.
The new year heralds poor tidings, a month and a half in advance. Will she be plunged back
into her delusions? Will she be able to resist it at all, even now that she so vehemently
doesn’t want it? She was so desperate to be Sumire that something let her try again, claw
blindly at things she hadn’t even begun to understand to try and pave the way for a different
fate.
But maybe she was just a convenient target.

She hopes, and vows to never say to anyone, that Goro and Ren will wake her up first when
the time comes.
***
“How about this one?”
Sumire hums, not really listening.
“Sumire!” Kasumi clicks in her face.
Sumire looks at the dress her sister is holding.
“It looks good.” She says.
Kasumi slumps, looking exasperated. “You haven’t even seen me wear it yet.”
Sumire looks back to the floor, “Then why’d you ask?”
Kasumi sighs, over the top. “You’re so grumpy today, Sumi!”
Sumire has no idea why Kasumi calls her that sometimes, when it’s a nickname they could
share. Maybe that’s the point. But no one calls either of them that for that exact reason.
“I’m gonna try it on.” Kasumi announces, when Sumire doesn’t say anything. She pulls at the
maroon fabric, “I like the colour.”
“It’s a good colour.” Sumire agrees distantly.
“Yeah, but does it look good on me? ” Kasumi laments. She holds the dress up and forward,
closing one eye to look Sumire up and down, “If it doesn’t work for me, it could look good on
you. It goes with your hair.”
Sumire doesn’t need new clothes. “What if I decide to change it?”
Kasumi laughs, like the very thought is ridiculous. “You’ve gone crimson since dad let you
dye it. Feeling adventurous?”
Having red hair is about as adventurous as Sumire thinks she’ll ever get. That, and doing
flips and tumbles with a ribbon along a springboard floor.
But, still. She doesn’t need new clothes.
“No.” She says. “Just try it on. I’m sure it’ll look good.”
“Aw, thanks Sumi!” Kasumi beams, like the sun, “I’ll be back in five.”
Sumire bites at her lip as she waits, shrinking away from the curious stares from other storegoers, apparently intrigued by the nervous middleschooler loitering near the changing
rooms.

Kasumi bursts out, just under five minutes later, swishing the dress back and forth and doing
a twirl, “Sumire, look! Oh, I think it looks great, don’t you? I’m so glad it does- I didn’t want
to have to find something else.”
She does look good. The maroon is just bright enough to compliment her palette rather than
wash her out, and make her shine even more than she usually does. Sumire doesn’t think she
could have pulled it off.
“I’m gonna buy it. Right now.” Kasumi declares, “D’you think they’ll let me wear it to the
cash register?”
“Probably not.” Sumire warns quietly.
Kasumi sighs, “Oh well. I’ll get changed back, then.” She gives Sumire an appraising look,
“Are you sure you don’t want to buy something?”
“I don’t need new clothes.”
“Oh, come on!” She laughs, “That’s only because I keep giving you my old ones. You can’t
live off my hand-me-downs.”
“We’re twins.” Sumire protests.
Kasumi shakes a finger, “I’m still older! And as the elder sister, I’m telling you that you need
your own clothes.”
Sumire presses her lips together.
“It’ll be fun!” Kasumi insists, “Trust me. You’ve been down all day, this’ll cheer you up!”
Sumire’s only been down since gymnastics practice, actually. Though maybe the anticipation
for the practice made her moody earlier, too. It’s all a bit of a blur.
She huffs, “What should I get, then?”
Kasumi chews at her lip, “I dunno.” She says, “What do you feel like getting?”
Sumire shoots her a look, “You’re the one who wanted me to get something.”
“Still…” Kasumi frowns, and looks around the store, “Do you want a dress too? We could
match!”
Sumire is sick of matching.
“Sure.” She says.
Kasumi lights up, “Great! We’ll look amazing.” She grabs Sumire by the hand and drags her
over to the dress rack. “What colour would good on you…?” She mutters, thumbing past
blacks and purples and reds.

Sumire doesn’t think any colour in particular really looks good on her. Except red. But, her
hair’s already red, and so is Kasumi’s new dress, so she rules it out.
There’s a blue one at the end of the rack, with white lace.
“See something you like?” Kasumi jumps in her field of vision.
Sumire sharply turns her head back to the other dresses. Kasumi was only looking at all the
reds for a reason. She knows what she’s doing. Sumire doesn’t think she’ll look good in blue,
either.
“Nothing.” She says.
Kasumi hums, unconvinced, “Well, if you see anything…” She gasps, as she tugs out a dress
barely a shade off from the one she’s getting for herself, “How about this one?”
“It looks fine.”
Kasumi is starting to look genuinely exasperated, “ Yes, but what do you think?”
Sumire thinks that she wants to leave this stupid store.
She thinks she’s sick of being stuck next to Kasumi after she trounces Sumire at the thing
they’ve both been doing for years.
She thinks she wants to stop“I’m getting ice-cream.” Sumire blurts.
Kasumi stares at her like she’s grown an extra head. She looks to Sumire, then the dress, then
back again, “Right now?”
“Yes.” Sumire says, and starts walking off.
Kasumi yelps, “Wh- hey! Sumi! I haven’t payed for this yet!”
That’s fine. She can just catch up later, can’t she? Or has she never had to do that?
That’s fine- god, it’s all about her***
Another day, another set of failures. The coach looks upset with her again. Sumire directs all
her attention to the floor. She’s pretty consistently above that, at least.
“You did great today, Sumire!” Kasumi smiles blindingly, “I can’t wait for the meet!” She
groans, “I wish we could both get selected.”
“You’ll do great.” Sumire tells her.

Kasumi blinks, “The candidate hasn’t been selected yet.” She grins, innocently, obliviously,
“It could be either of us!”
Sure, but it’s always going to be her.
***
“Sumire-!” Kasumi screams, “Hey, wait!”
Can’t she just shut up for a second.
“The light’s red!”
***
“Sometimes cases like these are hard to deal with.”
That’s a funny thing to say to the person living it.
Sumire doesn’t feel much like laughing these days.
***
“Tell me something about yourself.”
The Doctor smiles, sheepish, a bit hopeful, and waits.
Sumire opens her mouthShe hopes, she hopes, she wishes, that she will be allowed to keep her own mind when the
world tilts all sideways.
***
“Ah, Amamiya-kun!”
Ren probably should have seen this coming.
Scratch that, he definitely should have seen this coming.
“Oh boy.” Morgana mutters, loudly, burying himself a bit deeper into the bag. Ren dearly
wishes he could do the same, but trying to smother himself with his own bag would very
likely draw some attention. Shame.
Maruki awkwardly skids to a stop, looking very out of breath. “You’re very tall.” He
comments between trying to catch his breath, “I mean- you walk fast.”
The curse of being a very busy man, Ren has picked up the habit of speed walking his way
everywhere. Too bad that he can’t outpace sketchy therapists.
“Yeah.” Is all Ren says, as Maruki manages to unhunch himself.

Maruki laughs, “Sorry, that was a bit out of nowhere. I’ve been jogging around trying to find
you ever since you were all let out of the hall.”
Even this time, when Ren’s been giving him the cold shoulder for the better part of two
months?
“This guy needs to learn to take a hint.” Morgana adds his two cents.
Maruki blinks, “Did I just hear a cat…?”
“It’s your imagination.” Ren deadpans. “What did you need, Doctor?”
Maruki chuckles, “Well, since it’s my last day, I wanted to chat. We haven’t spoken much for
a little while-” ah, so he’s noticed, “-so I figured I should catch you now before I leave the
school for good. Think of it as a thank you, of sorts.”
For what, Ren demands in his head. Supposedly, the Doctor has yet to complete his paper this
timeline, since Ren never got around to giving him the skeleton key to Mementos.
He isn’t so naive to think that will stop the dominoes from falling, however. Ren is certain
that the stones cast from a year and a lifetime prior have already set all the wrong waves into
motion.
He’ll burn that bridge when they get to it.
For now, Ren says: “Sure.” And shrugs, “Lead the way.”
Maruki lights up, “Great! Thank you for indulging me.” He winces slightly, “Uh, it’s
nowhere fancy. Just the nurse’s office.”
Ren remembers. “Good a place as any.” And trails behind as Maruki starts off.
“Hey.” Morgana pokes his head out of the bag. “You’re going along with this?”
“Might as well.” Ren whispers back. There’s no polite way to tell Maruki to keep at least a
kilometre’s distance, after all. “Do you want to stick around, or…?”
Morgana usually takes off whenever Ren chats with someone, but this time he sniffs,
considering. “I’ll stay.” He decides. “Just in case the Doc tries anything.”
Ren smiles, and scratches Mona between the ears, “I doubt he will.” He admits, “But thanks.”
***
The nurse’s office is the same as ever. There’s even the steaming bowls of katsudon that Ren
remembers being actually quite delicious sitting innocuously on the table.
They read as a particularly expensive thank you last time, though this time they’ve changed
to feel more like a particularly expensive peace offering. Or maybe it’s just Ren that’s
changed. Maruki sure hasn’t.

"I’ve always wanted to try the food from this place.” Maruki explains, almost looking giddy.
“And I figured now was the best time. And the last time, really, unless I wanted to go out of
my way.”
Ren hums, trying to lift the bowl covering the food, and flinching back as it burns the pads of
his fingers. “I’m sure it’ll be good.” He offers, even as it remains inaccessible.
“I certainly hope so.” Maruki nods eagerly, and then adds under his breath, “It cost an arm
and a leg, so…”
Ren wonders if it’s too petty to gain some satisfaction from Maruki’s mild inconvenience.
After a moment of waiting for it to cool down, Maruki, and then Ren, both manage to
successfully fish the covering bowls off from over their katsudon, releasing an entire
mushroom cloud of steam. Maruki laughs slightly as his glasses fog up, as Ren does his
utmost to remain stoic.
He will not be sharing any camaraderie with this man.
(He wonders if Goro would kill him for even entertaining this interaction. Probably. He
wonders if Sumire would kill him. Maybe.)
“Well, dig in!” Maruki declares brightly, doing just that with his own meal.
Ren does, because neglecting the food would be a waste. And, because it is pretty damn
good.
“I admit,” Maruki speaks up, about halfway through his bowl, “I didn’t just call you here to
enjoy a meal.”
“You mentioned a thank-you?” Ren prompts.
“Yes! It really has been a while, but do you remember the paper I was working on?”
He does. “Did you finish it?” He asks, going for eager and landing somewhere in wary.
Maruki’s smile turns a bit wistful, “I haven’t, unfortunately.” He clicks his tongue, some rare
frustration crossing his face, “There’s just… I’m missing something. My paper is largely
theoretical, so if there’s no theory then there’s no paper.”
And the world would be all the better for it. If only Ren did this the first time around.
“But, even despite that,” Maruki regains some control over his expression, “I did make
progress, and you were the key to that. So, formally: Thank you, Amamiya-kun.”
Ren pokes at the rice in the bottom of the bowl. “…Where’d you get stuck?”
Morgana hisses a warning from the bag.

“Hm?” Maruki blinks, “Oh, well… it’s not one place, really. I have a lot of,” he pauses,
“Ideas, about a practical implementation of my goals. I really do want to help people. But all
I’ve got right now is a pipe dream.”
He looks at Ren, almost expectant.
(Right, he already knows Ren is a Phantom Thief. Too bad Sumire couldn’t accidentally erase
that particular slip-up from history.)
“Talk me through it,” Ren says after swallowing his mouthful of food, “You’ve mentioned
your goals, but what are you actually trying to do?”
“You know what he’s trying to do!” Morgana complains. Maybe it’ll be him who kills Ren,
rather than Goro or Sumire. Ren lightly kicks the bag.
“It’s sort of broad…” Maruki admits with a sheepish grin, “At first, I was really only aiming
for a practical implementation and analysis of cognitive psience in criminal psychology. Why
are people driven to commit crimes, and how do the circumstances that cause them to do so
affect them long-term? Is there anything that can reasonably be done about that?” He
awkwardly scarfs down some more food in between breaths, “All very grandiose. Frankly,
the Phantom Thieves beat me to it. Too bad they’re not prone to sharing their methods, huh?”
There’s some irony here that Ren doesn’t want to examine. He knows the joke will be at his
expense. “At first, you said?” He prompts.
Maruki’s smile dims, “My focus shifted to trauma survivors after a point. Though I do still
have an interest in criminal psychology- there’s quite the dividing line between people who
are just pure evil and people whose circumstances forced their hand.”
Ren thinks it’s less a line and more a blurry mess, but he gets the point.
“But the commonality between the two,” Maruki continues, “Is that there are so many people
trapped by the truths of their reality. They can’t escape their past, or the labels that society
force on them, and none of it’s fair, but what if it could be different?”
Ren’s first instinct is to say: it sounds like the world needs to change.
Ren’s immediate follow up is: please don’t do that, actually.
He settles for a non-committal hum.
Maruki trails off, “So… yeah. That’s what my paper was about.”
“Was?” Ren picks at the particular tense, trying not to sound too hopeful.
“Oh, well, I’ll still be working on it, of course.” Maruki chuckles, dashing all of Ren’s hopes
and dreams for an easy win, “I just suppose my confidence is a bit cracked, after so long with
so little progress.” He frowns down at his bowl, “Maybe I’ll ask Shibusawa for a hand…”

Maybe Shibusawa can knock some sense into him. More wishful thinking, perhaps, and Ren
knows that’s a dangerous thing to do in the Doctor’s vicinity.
“Good luck.” Ren lies.
Maruki lights up again, “Thank you! Again, you’ve been a big help.” His gaze turns a bit
more piercing, “And good luck to you as well, with any of your endeavours.”
More irony, more cosmic jokes, and Ren is still stuck as the punchline. It’d probably still be
funny, if he hadn’t dragged his thieves into the mess he made.
Ren dug his grave.
“Thanks.” He returns, and goes back to finish his katsudon.
***
When Ren goes to leave, grateful for the free lunch if nothing else, Maruki stands so quickly
that he nearly falls over.
“Oh- one last thing.” He gasps, regaining his balance, “You and Akechi-kun were… friends,
yes?”
Ren stiffens. “Mm.”
Maruki’s face falls in sympathy. A familiar expression. “Then… my condolences. I’m not
sure I trust the news on what happened exactly, but the fact remains he’s…”
This isn’t Leblanc. This isn’t a cold February evening. Maruki barely knows who Akechi is,
beyond some detective on TV.
Ren swallows. “Thanks. I’m sure they’ll find him, though.”
He’s only missing, after all. No body to speak of.
Maruki smiles sadly, “I’m sure.”
***
“What was that about?!” Morgana yowls when Ren finally gets out, “Are you trying to poke
a sleeping bear?”
“The bear’s going to wake up no matter what I do.” Ren says, ever weary. “I’ve already lost
one arm the last time I poked it, so there’s not much else I can ruin.”
Morgana mutters something extremely uncharitable, before saying louder, “You could still
lose your other arm!”
This analogy is losing some of its structural integrity. “More’s the pity.” Ren mutters. “Can’t
get much worse than what Maruki pulled last time.”

“Don’t tempt fate!” Morgana despairs, which is an excellent point.
Ren sighs, running a hand through his bird’s nest of hair. Maybe he really is just as bad as
Goro.

Chapter End Notes

hiiiiii omg it's been yet another 300 years. crazy, that. no i did NOT nearly forget to
prepare this chapter, that would be absurd. dispell the thought from your mind this
instant.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! alas, none to speak of.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 8
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Maruki: so, cognitive psience....
Ren: ...
Maruki: [cough] so, COGNITIVE PSIENCE
Ren: i'm not giving you shit

Chapter 89
Chapter Summary

One last gamble for the road.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The closest Makoto has ever gotten to confronting her sister was in her palace.
She isn’t sure if it was the degree of separation that serviced her confidence. That none of it
was real, and none of it would reach the real Sae Niijima’s ears. Or maybe, it was because her
shadow was so openly angry and cruel that it tipped Makoto over an edge she’d been
balancing on for far too long.
It could be either. Sae, in the week or so following the absolute mess that brought them all to
this point, has been almost pleasant. It’s clear she doesn’t think there’s anything to discuss, so
nothing has been discussed. She minds her own business, and will even occasionally strike up
conversation with whoever wanders into the same room as her; though, that might be out of
the fact that her only conversation options are her teenaged sister, her teenaged coworkerturned-bogeyman, and her new teenaged roommate.
It’s downright infuriating, the more Makoto lets it stew.
She shouldn’t let it stew. She vowed, very specifically, to not let it stew, when she first
awakened her persona, to when she snapped at Sae’s shadow, and here she still is.
Johanna has been feeling restless, as of late. Makoto only has herself to blame.
(They have another day off. Ren’s decided they all need a break. Ann is off who-knowswhere. Akechi is wallowing in boredom in his own room.)
Oh, fine.
“Hey, sis.” Makoto says, very casually, sitting down on the armchair near the couch as Sae
flips through a book Makoto is certain she’s seen her reading before.
Sae blinks, and looks up, “Makoto, hello. Did you need something?”
Makoto tries her very best not to immediately steep herself in bitterness as the fact that Sae’s
first assumption is that she needs something. Because Sae is right, almost.
“Not… exactly.” She says, haltingly.

Sae marks her place in her book, and puts it down on the coffee table. “Are you having
trouble with schoolwork?”
Makoto hasn’t had trouble with schoolwork in at least a year and a half. “No.”
“Any problems with the palace you were infiltrating?”
“No, we finished that a day or so ago.”
Sae hums, “Any problems with your teammates?”
Disturbingly, Makoto has even started to loosen up around Akechi of all people. “No.”
“I’m not a mind reader, Makoto.” Sae gives up.
“Well- it’s just.” She stops. “I wanted to talk to you.”
“Clearly.”
Did Akechi pick up some of his patented sass from Sae, or did she slowly learn it from him?
Either option is deeply annoying. “I’m trying to be serious.” Makoto snaps.
Sae falters at that, “I- sorry. Take your time.”
“Thank you.” Makoto says thinly. She takes a deep breath.
Try again.
“We haven’t really talked about…” what? “Everything.” She settles on.
Sae, predictably, frowns, “…You may have to be more specific.”
“The fact that I’m a Phantom Thief.” And have been for months. “About Akechi.” And that
Sae spent more time with him than her own sister. “About the things you said when you were
trying to catch Kaneshiro.”
Sae looks a little bit like she’s been slapped in the face.
“Let’s go in order, shall we?” She eventually says, low and measured.
“That works.” Makoto threads her hands together tightly.
“…I didn’t really understand what the Phantom Thieves were, this whole time.” Sae explains,
crisp, “I thought they were playing at hero, and then that you were murderers, among other
things. But that isn’t true, so I can hardly be angry with you for doing what you think is
right.”
But that isn’t the whole truth.
“I thought you hated us because we kept snagging your chance for a promotion.” Makoto
snips before she can bite her tongue.

Sae stares. “Well. I was upset about that for a while, yes.”
For a while, she says. Fine. Whatever. Moving on. “What about Akechi?”
Sae snorts, “What about him?”
Makoto makes a very pointed gesture that she’s sure encompasses most of what ought to be
addressed.
A sigh, “What’s to say about him that hasn’t already been said?” Sae points out.
“I mean before you knew.”
She blinks, “Why would that be important?”
“Because you liked him more than me.” Makoto blurts. Forget biting her tongue in time,
maybe she should just sew her mouth shut.
It needs to be said. Johanna whispers, mild.
Sae looks like she’s taken another slap to the face. “That isn’t true.” She says slowly.
“I always made dinner for both of us.” Makoto lets the words bubble and spill, “Every night.
But most of the time you’d just go get dinner with him and leave me home alone.”
Sae looks baffled, “Is that what this is about? I was busy, Makoto, I couldn’t come home
every night. And it would be a bit cruel to leave Akechi to go hunt his own dinner when we
were working the same cases anyway.”
Bullshit. “Every night?” Makoto pushes, “You could have just come home to work on stuff if
you needed to. You have before! You even brought him along once or twice.”
“That wasn’t always feasible.” Sae folds her arms, “Sometimes work was confidential, or we
had more resources at the station.”
“You didn’t even try.”
“Really?” Sae’s voice is sharper, now, “You’re upset about dinner?”
Makoto tries to calm down, “I’m upset,” she starts, voice far too wet, “That you were barely
in my life. You had time, clearly, and you didn’t spend it with me.”
“I spent time with Akechi because it was convenient.” Sae insists, “He was my coworker.
You’re being ridiculous, Makoto-”
“You said I was useless to you!” Makoto bursts, “That I was a parasite, and then you avoided
me for months!”
“I didn’t-” Sae looks caught between shock and venom, “I wasn’t avoiding you, I had a job. I
needed to provide for both of us- do you know how hard it was to keep us afloat?”

“Then why bother?” Makoto demands, “Why didn’t you just send me off to live with our
aunt or something?”
Sae stands abruptly. “This conversation is meaningless.”
“And you’re still avoiding me.” Makoto hisses.
“You want to know why I took care of you?” Sae snaps, “Because you’re my sister.”
“So it was an obligation.”
“Don’t put words in my mouth!”
“Then say something you actually mean!” Makoto hears her voice crack, “You’re justdodging!”
Sae jaw grinds audibly, “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
“Nothing, apparently!”
Sae throws up her hands, “Then this has been a waste of time.”
The rest of the words Makoto wanted to say get caught in her throat.
(Why even bother?)
She stands too, fists clenched, nails digging into her palms. “I guess it has.”
“I,” Sae snaps up her book from the coffee table, “Will be in my room.”
Makoto collapses back onto the armchair as Sae storms out. She distantly wonders how much
of that Akechi ended up hearing. Surely he started paying attention when they started
shouting.
Well, half of this is his fault anyway, so.
Makoto tucks her knees to her chest, and stares at the ceiling.
***
Sae tries to refocus on her book for about five minutes before she gives up.
She could go back out to the living room. She won’t, but she could. She could barge her way
into Akechi’s room, and demand explanations like he has them, like he’s really any part of
this. She won’t, but she’s more partial to that than the former.
She could sit, seethe, and try to read her book about different native birds. She won’t, because
she already tried that.
So there’s really only one thing she can do in this situation.

(Makoto shot words like ammunition, like she’s been sitting on her hoard of grievances for
longer than Sae could begin to have noticed.
Akechi told her, in no uncertain terms, that she is categorically distorted. That there’s
something wrong with her. Him, the murderer, condemning her.
Neither of them could begin to understand, oblivious children and fools who made their
choices.)
She still has Akechi’s phone. She unlocks it slowly, like she’s fifteen again and she’s reading
a trashy magazine that her classmates recommended, and she doesn’t get it but she has to see
what all the fuss is about. But of course, she doesn’t want her father to know she’s reading
stuff like(Like she's fifteen again, and she knows one of these days Makoto will stop looking up to her
with those stars in her eyes, but she can't help but savour it while it lasts)
She’s getting lost in whirlpools.
What did they call the intermediary, again?
“…Mementos.” She says, tentatively, quietly, just in case it echoes in the deathly silent
apartment.
Any echo that would have formed is smothered by glass and water, as the world shifts. It’s
just as unpleasant, if not somehow more so, than when she dragged herself into the cognitive
the first time around, dead weight around her shoulder and glinting needles at her feet.
She feels vaguely ill. So does the apartment, if the sudden lack of any defining features is any
indication.
Why are you doing this?
Because she has to. What else can she do? Sit and wait for Takamaki to barge back into her
own home like a whirlwind, takeout in plastic bags, and then suffer through the most
uncomfortable dinner of her life?
The courthouse is a fair way away, but the only thing Sae can do is walk. She’ll live; she’s
ditched the heels in her house arrest.
Her hands don’t shake as she twists the doors open, her breathing is completely steady as she
takes measured steps down the stairs, she doesn’t shiver in the open street from the syrupy air
and oppressive weight, she doesn’t, she doesn’t,
Why are you doing this?!
Because Sae doesn’t like the sudden turn of being in the gambler's seat rather than setting the
table, and she’s finally going to have a chat with the house.
***

The courthouse looks normal, which is baffling for a moment, before Sae realises she’s still
in Mementos.
She remembers the keywords; how could she forget?
She takes out the phone again. “…Sae Niijima.” She says, haltingly.
Candidate found.
Of course. Why would it have disappeared? She doesn’t feel any different.
(It shouldn’t be there to begin with, why is she distorted, why to this extent, it’s not right, no
one understands, why,)
She takes a breath, “Courthouse.”
Candidate found.
(and, really, where else could it have formed?)
“Casino.”
Candidate found. Beginning Navigation.
The world shifts again, but to the left. Rather than being pulled down, it’s a rug being pulled
that forces her to stumble. And when she regains her footing, the courthouse has changed.
Like what she caught a glimpse of a week and a half prior, neon assaults the eyes. Playing
cards are whipped up in a flurry out of the lobby doors, getting tangled in fairy lights strung
around trees and poles and pillars. Spotlights all point up, up towards the woman holding the
scales, constructed of enormous glowing wires.
It’s gaudy. It’s sleazy. A house of debauchery.
Bold words, for something that came from your own head.
Sae squares her shoulders and marches forward. She sees some- well, what she assumes are
cognitions, milling in and out of the entrance, all with undefined, blurry faces. She hopes
they’re cognitions. All she knows about shadows is that they’re dangerous, and that she
hopes she’ll know one when she sees one.
But, that aside,
Where to go from here?
“Are you lost?”
Sae whirls around.
(Look at that. She does know a shadow when she sees one. Because what stands before her
is-)

Herself. The broad strokes, at least. The same face, the same voice, the same body. The sheer
dress that drops all the way to her stomach and splits all the way to her hip; that, she’s never
seen in her life. Nor the make up, nor the hat, nor the roses, nor the tattoos.
The eyes, too, are something not hers.
The shadow grins at her panicked bafflement. “Well well. The queen has returned to her
castle.”
“I thought there was a different metaphor going on here.” Is all Sae can think to snap back.
“Mm. True.” The shadow spreads an arm, “But the sentiment is the same. Awfully foolish to
come here alone.”
“How do you know I’m here alone?”
The shadow looks amused, though it’s hard to tell underneath the shadow of her hat. “I am
you. I know everything you’ve done, all the experiences you’ve had. And I especially know
that you came here in a burst of impulse with no plan in mind.”
Right. Of course.
Why are you doing this?
SaeSae doesn’t know.
The shadow’s grin turns knife sharp, “Have you finally realised your mistake?”
“It’s not a mistake if there’s no consequences.” Sae points out, evenly, “I can still turn around
and leave.”
“But you won’t.” The shadow says.
She won’t.
Of course she won’t! Why would she? She’s face to face with everything Makoto seems to
think she is, why on earth would she leave?
“Oh.” Her reflection looks almost pitying, “This is about her, is it?”
“Don’t act like you didn’t know that going in.” Sae seethes.
That grin again, “Of course. But you only seemed to just come to the realisation yourself.”
Well, that’s blatantly false. “Of course this is about Makoto.” Sae narrows her eyes, “What
else would this be about?”
“If it were just about Makoto, you could have finished your conversation with her.” The
shadow points out serenely, “But instead you came to me.”

WellWell.
The shadow waves a hand, “Standing around will get us nowhere.” She taps at her lips,
“How about a game?”
Say no. “Of what?” Sae asks warily.
“Poker.” The shadow clicks her fingers, and the lobby goes dark, save for a single chandelier
spotlight over a green velvet table. “It’s what the interlopers beat me in. They were dirty
cheaters, of course.”
The interlopers can only refer to one trio of fools, Sae knows. She hadn’t really considered
until just now that she’s been living with the three people who cracked open her skull to take
a peek, but she supposes one more resentment for the pile will hardly change much.
“And you weren’t cheating?” Sae feels the need to clarify.
Another split grin, “I have no need. The house always wins, remember?”
Right.
Sae takes a seat. She startles violently as something that must be a shadow, dressed in a smart
waistcoat and tie, bursts into existence at the side of the table along with a deck of cards.
“What are we betting?” Sae prompts.
“Nothing.” The shadow responds simply.
“Nothing at all?”
“You don’t know what you’re here for.” The dealer slides a stack of five cards to both ends of
the table, and the shadow picks up hers with languid disinterest, “Unless you feel like betting
money. But, oh!” A pointed look, “We don’t have a job anymore.”
“That’s…” Sae remembers to pick up her cards, “Once Shido is dealt with, I’ll be heading
back to the office.”
“Will they let you in?”
They had better.
“And, ‘we’?” Sae presses, and looks around the dark, gesturing to where the rest of the casino
ought to be, “Your job seems unscathed.”
“I’m you.” The shadow reminds her, “And this is less a job, more a throne.”
“Same difference.”
The shadow’s grin nearly reaches her ears.

Sae looks at her cards. Terrible. Her highest card is a jack, no pairs, no flush. She tosses her
hand on the table with a scoff.
The shadow delicately spreads out her own cards. A full house, of course. “I win.”
“Obviously.”
“I did warn you.”
“Isn’t this my head?” Sae protests, “I’m more me than you are. I should be the one with the
advantage.”
“And yet you still lost.” The shadow clicks, and the cards vanish. She rests her chin against
her hand. “This could get boring fast.”
Another snap of the fingers, and the poker table vanishes. In its place, a roulette wheel is
already spinning, the ball jumping and skittering around the rim.
“So.” The shadow waves a hand, “What do you want?”
“To bet on?” Sae asks, eyeing the wheel with trepidation.
“Makoto thinks you abandoned her.” The shadow says flatly, “What say you?”
“I haven’t.” Sae spits, and something flashes red, “I’ve been working myself to death so that
she doesn’t have to. A few missed family mealtimes is nothing in comparison.”
The wheel stops, and the ball lands on black.
The shadow clicks her tongue, “You lose, again.”
Sae didn’t even make a bet.
“Yes you did.” Those golden eyes bore into her, “You gambled that you could fill dad’s shoes,
and you couldn’t. You lost.”
“I can’t be our father.” Sae says coldly, “I’m Makoto’s sister, not her mother.”
The roulette wheel starts spinning again.
“And have you been her sister?”
“Of course I-”
Trick question.
Sae keeps her mouth shut.
The shadow’s lip curls, “No comment?”
“Whatever I’ll say, you’ll spin it into my loss.” Sae sneers.

A sigh, “That’s not how this works.”
“You never have to gamble.” Sae folds her arms tight.
The shadow clicks her tongue, “We both know that’s not true.”
The wheel stops, black again.
“No one gets a choice here.” The shadow sweeps her arm up, and the palace cracks, fractals
of slots, dice, scales, “You can’t escape the law.”
“We’re not talking about the law.”
“But it always comes back to it, doesn’t it?” The shadow drops her arm back to her side,
“Makoto is certainly breaking it, and you’re more than willing to fight to get her off scot
free.”
“I’m not upset with her about that.” Sae insists.
The shadow’s eyes flash. “She’s a dirty cheat. A liar. She’s been stringing you along for
months, snapping up all your biggest cases and playing you for a fool.”
“She’s been doing what she thinks is right.” Sae grits, “And I was threatening to arrest all her
and all her friends, of course she would have kept it hidden.”
“Threatened? You would have arrested her.” The shadow flashes her teeth, “And what was it
that you told her the last time she suggested the thieves were doing what’s right?”
Was that how that conversation had started, when Sae snapped at her sister that she was a
waste of space? She hadn’t remembered.
“I’m hardly trying to arrest her now.” Sae says, slowly, where’s the through line, “I’ve-” she
aborts the first phrasing that comes to mind, “-reconsidered some things.”
Shido needs to be taken down, and Sae has seen firsthand that she can’t do it alone. The
thieves’ methods are the only ones that will work, when the system that is supposed to deal
with this kind of thing is rotten from the inside out by the man’s own influence.
The shadow stares her down. “That’s a slippery slope. But fine.” She snaps her fingers, and
the roulette table vanishes. A smaller table with high walls and dice along its rim takes its
place. “We’ll circle back around.”
“To what-”
The shadow ignores her, and picks up her dice, “You’ll pardon Makoto, sure. What makes the
other one different?”
She tosses them, and the dice clatter against the table. A six, a five, and a six.
Sae slowly picks up her own dice, “What other one?”

“Who do you think?”
Fine, a stupid question. “Akechi’s killed people.” She tosses her dice, “His and Makoto’s
crimes aren’t remotely similar.”
Three ones.
The shadow hums, “Snake eyes.”
“Is it still snake eyes if there’s three of them?” Sae asks distantly.
“Probably not.” The shadow pushes the brim of her hat up as she tilts her head mockingly,
“But you still lose.”
“Why?” Sae demands, “I’m not wrong.”
“What are you going to do with him when all of this is over?” Ignored again. “By the sounds
of it, you’re planning on prosecuting him right next to his father.”
“Well-”
She never could give Akechi a straight answer. She still doesn’t know. Why doesn’t she
know“-I don’t know.” She admits, “But it would only be fair.”
“And it would still be fair to condemn him, and not Makoto?”
“Yes.”
“And you’re admitting it would be unfair to let him go free?”
Sae’s hand itches for the dice again, “Yes.”
“And you’re admitting again that you’re considering this course of action?”
“What are you playing at?” Sae snaps.
That flash of gold is sharper than the grin, “What are you playing at? Are you playing the
hero, or are you being selfish? Who’s winning, here?”
“Could you speak,” Sae grinds her teeth, “In something that isn’t a riddle.”
“You should focus your attention on answering them first.” The shadow picks up her dice
once again, tosses them. Three sixes.
Sae slowly picks up her three scattered dice, “You’re implying that I should make up my
mind?”
“No.” The shadow says, flat, “I’m asking why you’re faltering.”

“What?”
“You said it yourself.” Another sneer, “Akechi is a murderer. A liar. A snake. He was willing
to bring the whole country crashing down around everyone’s ears just for his petty little
revenge. Just leaving him to be dealt with by the law is a downright mercy.”
(Sae remembers that room.
So: is it?)
The sneer melts into something disinterested again. “So why are you considering anything
else?”
Sae cups her hands around her dice, hesitating on the throw, “You said it was selfish.”
The shadow tilts her head, “I did.”
“Why?” Sae demands, “I’m not winning in this scenario.”
She tosses the dice. Two ones and a two.
“Not right now, you aren’t.” The shadow says breezily. “But you could.”
Sae hates this thing.
The shadow must sense her ire, as she laughs. “We’ve hit a wall again.” She snaps her
fingers, and the dice table disappears. A slot machine appears to the right, blinking and
flashing in wait.
The three tracks start whirring, and the shadow sighs, hand on her hip. “Have you been
enjoying your house arrest?”
“Haven’t you made the point that you’re me?” Not that Sae can really believe it, “You should
know the answer to that.”
“Stuck in the same house as all your biggest problems.” The shadow remarks. “And yet
nothing’s blown up yet.”
Aside from her chat with Makoto today, of course. “Akechi keeps to himself.” Sae points out,
“And Makoto-” usually “-doesn’t like to pick fights.”
“And what about you?” The shadow’s eyes are still trained on the slots, “Are you the former
or the latter?”
Sae goes to say the latter, but that would be a blatant lie. The former doesn’t fit, either.
“There’s been nothing to discuss.” She says simply.
The slots finish spinning. A cherry, gold, and a seven. The shadow clicks her tongue.

“I get it.” Sae snaps before the shadow can say something condescending, “I’m avoiding
them, am I? Proving Makoto’s point?”
“And why shouldn’t you?” The shadow cuts a glance to her, “They’re both fuckups that
you’re helping far beyond reasonable altruism. The least they can do is leave you damn well
alone.”
The only thing worse than when this thing is disagreeing with her, Sae comes to a realisation,
is when it makes a mockery of being on the same page.
“I’ve been working with Akechi.” Sae protests weakly, “On Oracle’s data.”
She doesn’t need the shadow to tell her that hardly counts. When they get to work, it’s easy to
slip into old habits, barring Akechi’s newfound vocal sass. They dance around anything of
substance, letting work take its place at the forefront of any discussion.
Apparently old habits for Sae and Makoto involve“Not speaking to each other.” The shadow finishes the thought with a sly smile.
Alright fine, maybe her and Makoto don’t talk often. But Sae was busy, she was hardly lying
when she said that.
“But you still spoke with him.” The shadow says pointedly. “The snake in the grass, poised
to strike with a knife-”
Talking to Akechi was work. Talking to him was a convenience, and Sae wasn’t looking to
get accused of overworking a child, dinner wasn’t exactly out of the way“It was exactly as out of the way as getting dinner in your own home.” The shadow counters
handily. She tilts her head, “And you could just as easily sent him home early.”
They had work to do.
“You rarely got any done at dinner. You even admitted it to him what dinner was about.”
Fine, Sae could always tell when Akechi hadn’t eaten, because he always looked thoroughly
miserable even when he was bringing it on himself. And then it became a habit, and he’d
whine and complain about getting the good stuff and even though Sae never caved she wasn’t
going to let him starve.
“And what about Makoto?”
Must it always come back to Makoto?
“Of course it-”
“Because I can hardly stand to be in the same room as her sometimes!” Sae snaps, “All she
did after dad died was cry, and I’m not- I can’t be her mother! All I can do for her is work,
and I’m so sick of working.”

Her shadow stares.
“They’re so similar.” Sae hisses, “All I had to do with him is shove food at him and he’d be
delighted. It made me feel like I knew what I was doing. I could be a good older sister. It was
working with Akechi, so why couldn’t Makoto be the same?” She gasps, trying to steal
enough air, “But I don’t know what I’m doing. Because it turns out Akechi was running off
killing people and nearly getting himself beaten half to death and I nearly left him there and I
might have left Makoto too.”
Her shadow keeps staring.
“I think,” her shadow eventually says, “That we might be downsizing the casino soon.”
“Good for you.” Sae snarls.
Gold flashes with amusement, “Still not all there, are we? Well, I think you got what you
came here for.”
And then some.
Her shadow clicks, and the room alights again. The clumps of cognitions pay them no mind,
as the sounds of the casino bustle along unbothered.
“I’m going home.” Sae announces to no one.
Her shadow waves a hand in response anyway, “By all means. I have better things to be
doing than entertaining you. Or this place’s collapse.”
Could that happen, if Sae stays here too long? She doesn’t want to know.
She turns on her heel, and starts the long march back.
***
Hearing Sae and Makoto shouting isn’t Akechi’s business. Hearing doors slam also isn’t his
business, unless it’s his own. Or someone’s slamming them off hinges. That probably
qualifies as his business, too.
But they aren’t, so it’s not.
(He did catch his name a couple of times, but what does he care what the Niijimas’ opinions
of him are? He hasn’t been in their good books for a long while. Even if Makoto seems to be
able to tolerate him lately, and Sae has taken to slipping into old habits, and Akechi himself
can’t be bothered to sneer when they make eye contact anymore.)
It was Sae’s door that slammed. Ann isn’t home, still.
Akechi shoots a despairing look at the ceiling, like it’s the one forcing him to haul himself off
the bed and slowly click open the door.

Makoto, as expected, is the only one in the living room. She’s sharing her own look with the
ceiling, though it fits more in the category of middle-distance stare. Her face and eyes are red
and blotchy, and she shoots Akechi a glare as he takes a spot on the couch.
“I,” she says, and sniffles, “Don’t want to talk to you.”
Akechi doesn’t want to talk to her, so go figure. Why did he come out here, again?
Makoto quickly scrubs at her eyes, and repositions herself to give her glare more effectively,
“How much of all that did you hear?”
“I was trying to ignore you.” Akechi tells her, “But I did hear my name once or twice.”
She scoffs, “Great.”
“If you don’t want to be overheard,” he drawls, “Then don’t shout.”
“It’s not like I went into that intending to shout.” Makoto snaps, “It just happened. You’re the
one who said I should talk to her, anyway.”
Ah, that would do it. That also makes Akechi sound like he had a far more active role in this
than he actually does. “It’s not like I held you at gunpoint.” He snips back.
Makoto gives him a very pointed look. Perhaps the quip was in poor taste, given he has held
actual people at gunpoint before. But those people aren’t here, so he doesn’t know what
Makoto’s complaining about.
“Whatever.” She eventually mutters, “I don’t know what I was expecting.”
Well, he’s already here. In for a pound. “What did she say?”
Makoto snorts, “The usual. She doesn’t think-” she cuts herself off, frustrated, “It’s always
about you.”
“Excuse me?”
Makoto shoots him yet another look, “Don’t act surprised.”
“How the hell is this my fault?”
She rolls her eyes, “We’ve talked about this. Sis likes you more than she likes me, for some
reason. And she doesn’t acknowledge it. There was no ‘oh, I’m so sorry Makoto, for spending
more time with a murderer when I could have been bonding with you, the only immediate
family I have left.’”
She takes on a mocking voice for the last part. Akechi is unimpressed. “Didn’t you also say
that wouldn’t be enough?”
Makoto sits up, some of her furious energy coming out in a burst, “Exactly!” She snaps, “But
I didn’t even get that!”

“Well, she doesn’t exactly like me anymore, if that’s any consolation.”
“Except neither of us can tell.” Makoto grits, her hands gesturing in tight movements, “And I
still can’t tell.”
“How did that all turn out?” Akechi asks wearily.
“She left.” Makoto mumbles, bitter, “Didn’t like where the discussion was going.”
Well, that tracks.
How Akechi ended up as a point of contention between two sisters who can’t stand him is
beyond what he can reasonably comprehend.
“Did you know?” Makoto asks, abruptly, “That her spending time with you meant she was
leaving me alone?”
Akechi stares, “…By any metric of logic; yes, that is how being in one place at a time
works.”
“Oh, fuck you.” Makoto hisses, “You know what I mean.”
Does he?
Akechi knew that Sae had a sister. He knew he and that sister did not get along. He knew that
Sae could very easily be badgered for free food after she offered the first few times, and he
was more than happy to take advantage of that and do most of his work alongside the only
coworker he could tolerate.
“I think,” he comes to the conclusion, “That I didn’t particularly care.”
“Of course you didn’t.” Makoto looks away, “You barely care about anything.”
Patently untrue. Robin sniffs.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
What is there to be done, when both halves of himself make comments on things they don’t
have answers for?
Something must show on his face, as Makoto scoffs, “Pardon. I guess you care about Harusan and Sumire-chan.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of my revenge.” Akechi says. Though he can’t refute the
claim.
Makoto snorts, “How could I forget? And Ren,” Akechi wants to protest, but she keeps
talking before he gets the chance, “And Ann, from what I can tell.”
“Your uninformed list is expanding rapidly.”

“I guess I spoke too soon.” Makoto sinks into the armchair a bit more, “But you clearly don’t
care about me.”
Clearly.
(But,
He cared enough to stop her from trying to get herself killed in her sister’s palace. Was that
care? Boredom? Furthering a secondary goal? Care, for a mishmash of other things, in which
Makoto found herself unfortunately entangled in the middle?)
There’s a disconnect. He can’t tell at all.
“Apparently not.” He says.
Makoto looks suspicious.
“What?” He snaps, “I’m agreeing with you.”
“You hate doing that.” Makoto points out, “I’m used to some contrarian push back.”
“Perhaps I’ve grown.” Akechi says, blatantly contrarian.
“There he is.” Makoto mutters. She picks at her nails, “What about Sis? Do you care about
her?”
That disconnect is even wider.
Tolerate does not equate to care, and yet the Moon sits, entirely whole. He can’t tell what that
means. The arcana do not force him to like their recipients. In fact, he holds a special disdain
for several of those on the list.
Where can Sae be placed on the spectrum?
“You must, surely.” Makoto says.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “Must I?”
“You willingly spent too much time together to not be friends, I think.” She looks up from
her hands.
“We were coworkers.” Akechi points out.
Makoto throws up her arms, “Are you both deliberately like this? Or do you not even
notice?”
“I’m stating a fact.” Akechi snips.
“And you both do that to avoid answering the question.” Makoto seethes, “I don’t think you
do notice.”

Apparently not.
Akechi sighs, “What does it matter, anyway?”
“I guess it doesn’t.” Makoto says, in a tone that implies that it very much does.
A pause.
“Are you going to talk to her again?” Akechi asks.
Makoto drops her hands into her lap, “I have to. Or, I guess we could just do the same thing
we did last time we got into a fight.”
“Which is?”
“Not talk about it.” She says, “Until it’s been too long for either of us to claim the high
ground in still being upset.”
Akechi has held a grudge for most of his life. He’s picked up a couple others along the way,
as well. He’s also thoroughly of the opinion that these grudges are entirely reasonable, and
could hold them as long as he wishes.
“Maybe you should talk to her.” Akechi says.
Makoto sniffs, “That was my plan.”
Another pause.
“I keep trying to hate you.”
Akechi gives Makoto a very flat look. “I’m surprised you have to try.”
She chokes out a laugh, “Yeah, me too. I did, for a long time, and then you joined us the first
time and I thought maybe you weren’t so bad.”
“Can I assume that your opinion soured the minute the full truth came out?” Akechi asks,
bland.
Makoto nods, chuckling a bit, “It did.” She stares at him like she’s staring at someone else,
and mutters, “You just- you really didn’t care at all.”
He didn’t, really.
“And you’re annoying.” She continues. “And infuriating.”
“Flattering.” Akechi deadpans.
Makoto does look a bit smug at that, before she sighs, “And yet, you’re…” She gestures
dismissively. “You. And I can’t seem to hate you anymore, and I don’t know why.”
Akechi can’t begin to know why, either.

Makoto raises an eyebrow at him, “Would it be too much to ask to get a returning opinion?”
“I don’t like you very much,” he says, truthfully, “But I don’t hate you.”
Makoto nods, “Well, it’s mutual then.” She laughs, weary, “And probably as good as we’re
going to get.”
(The High Priestess grows to rank nine. Akechi almost laughs, but he supposes stranger
things have occurred.)
And, silence again.
Akechi turns to look at the hallway, “…Do you think she’s heard most of this?”
“We aren’t shouting.” Makoto points out, though she looks wary.
“I suppose not.” He agrees. He turns back to Makoto, “Are you going to try talk to her again
today?”
She sighs. “No. She’s probably still mad.” She starts picking at her nails again, “Tomorrow,
maybe.”
“You do that.” Akechi stands, “Try not to devolve into a screaming match, this time.”
Any good will Makoto might have felt towards him very quickly evaporates off her face,
“Says you. You and Ren started shouting barely five minutes after-”
“I think perhaps this conversation has run its course.” Akechi says, loudly, “I’ll see you at
dinner.”
Makoto looks insufferably smug, “Yes, see you then.”
***
(On the way back to his room, Akechi knocks on Sae’s door.
Sae’s response is raspy and wrung out, “Is that you, Makoto?”
“It’s me.” Akechi corrects.
The door swings open, and Sae’s expression can only be described as matching her voice. A
bit patchy, a bit red. “Did you hear us shouting, earlier?”
Akechi doesn’t know why he knocked. “Yes.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Sae says quickly, “It’s- we’ll get it sorted.”
“Will you.” Akechi hums.
Her eyes narrow, “Yes.”

She pauses, looks like maybe she wants to say something else, but only shakes her head.
“See you at dinner.” Akechi says, mild.
“Yes.” She repeats, startling back to herself, “See you.”)

Chapter End Notes

why hello. if you're reading this you should thank my friend for reminding me to prep
the chapter, because i. forgot. ...first time for everything?
alas, given that it is 11pm, i am thus patently unfunny this time of night. you'll have to
wait another day for bits.
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! almost 2 for 2 on surrogate sisters being max rank
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 3
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sae: why do i keep LOSING in my OWN HEAD
Cogkechi: [presently some approximation of a bitchy retail worker] oh no, poor you
Meanwhile, Makoto: I just don't get why i keep losing in fights with my own sister

Akechi: [not a retail worker, but close enough in his boredom] if you run out of options
you could always try trial by combat

Chapter 90
Chapter Summary

Another mark on the calendar, some trips through unpleasant tunnels

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The problem with a deadline being in the next month over, Sojiro has mused at many points
in his life, is that it always feels further away than it actually is.
Sojiro hasn’t had patience for politics in years, and whatever remaining thread he has is worn
especially thin by the constant chatter about the upcoming election that his myriad regulars
have taken to gossiping about in his shop. It threatens to snap entirely when Shido is brought
up; as he is often, given he’s one of the main contenders.
But, patient or not, the election is less than a month away. As is whatever deadline the kids
mentioned. Ren and Futaba asked for his help, and he’s not one to backtrack on a promise.
No guarantees whether the promise is accomplished successfully, but he tries.
It’s the early morning of the twentieth when Ren stumbles down the stairs, looking for all the
world like he hasn’t slept in three years. “Hey, kid.”
Ren blinks, looking up, “Yeah?”
“I’m not gonna open the store today.” He jerks a hand to gesture around, “You still need that
name, yeah?”
The kid looks slightly more awake now, and the cat trots down the stairs, “You’re going to
start digging, chief?”
Christ, talking to a cat is weird. “I am.” He nods as the cat hops up on one of the bar stools.
He’d normally protest, but now that Morgana has proven alarmingly sapient, he feels weird
kicking him off surfaces.
“Do you need anything?” Ren asks.
“A bit.” Sojiro nods, giving the bench a quick wipe down. Just because he’s not opening
today doesn’t mean the place can be anything less than spotless. “You said you were working
with some other folks, didn’t you?”
Ren nods quickly, “Iwai and Ohya. You want to talk to them?”

“Just to compare notes.” Sojiro waves a hand.
“And gossip about Ren?” The cat chimes in.
Sojiro snorts. “That too.”
Ren scowls, “Yeah, yeah.” He whips a pen off of the counter, and scrounges through the line
of books for a scrap of paper, scrawling down two addresses and sliding them over. “You’ll
find them here. Iwai’s pretty consistent, but you might have less luck with Ohya.”
Sojiro picks up the paper and squints down at it, “…One of these is in the red light district-”
Ren stands very abruptly, “Anyway, I’m busy today, so I’ve gotta go prepare.”
“What are we doing?” Morgana asks, tail flicking.
“Mementos!” Ren calls as he dashes back up the stairs to escape scrutiny.
“Finally!”
***
Sojiro opts for the store on central street first, since a bar likely won’t be open until far later
in the day.
The red light district- that kid is lucky he’s far too busy toppling political conspiracies to be
grounded.
He struggles to get a good look at the inside of Untouchables before he enters, curtains and
shutters and posters all plastering the windows. He supposes a weapons store would be
foolish to advertise its product so readily- though, supposedly, it only sells model weapons.
Sojiro eventually gives up on casing the place, and pushes open the door. It’s a maze of
shelves, all stacked with -to the store-owner’s credit- incredibly realistic looking model guns.
Not to mention several model swords, bats, slingshots, and- whips?
Sojiro decides he doesn’t want to know.
“Welcome.” The owner grunts, tucked behind the counter wearing a baseball cap and what
might be a stick in his mouth, nose buried in a magazine.
“Hey.” Sojiro takes off his hat.
The owner -Iwai, Sojiro presumes- looks up, “You’re new.”
“Sure am.”
“Well.” He tosses the magazine on the counter, “Whatcha lookin’ for? You an enthusiast?”
“I know my way around a couple of these.” Sojiro admits, scanning the store. He’s not fond
of guns by any measure, but he got used to handling them. “But I’m not looking to buy.”

Iwai’s eyes narrow. “Oh?”
“You know Ren?” Sojiro ventures.
“Why do you wanna know?”
Sojiro waves a hand. He should probably stop dancing around the point, but he doesn’t know
this guy. Enduring some glares while toeing the waters is the best he can do, “He gave me
your address. We have a… mutual project, so I hear.”
The suspicious glare relents, replaced with raised eyebrows, “That so?”
“Yeah.”
“Huh.” He kicks his feet up on the counter, to which Sojiro tries not to wince, and looks him
up and down, “So, you the fed?”
Sojiro grimaces, “Ex -fed.”
A wolfish grin, “The kid did say something like that.”
“Good to hear, I guess.” Sojiro snorts, and eyes the door, “Now a good time to talk?”
Iwai eyes the clock on the other end of the store, “Good a time as any. I’ll close up. It’s a
slow day, anyway.”
“Need help?” Sojiro offers. Closing midday is a pain.
“Nah.” Iwai waves him off, “I rope the kid into it sometimes, but it doesn’t take that long.
Locking doors, mostly. Doing some inventory.”
Sojiro stands stiffly by the counter as Iwai sets to doing just that. After a bit, he shouts from
the back room: “So how d’you and Ren know each other?”
Small talk it is. “I’m his guardian for the year.”
Iwai pops his head back in the main room, “No shit? How’d that end up happening?”
“Long story.” Sojiro deflects, “I heard about his situation and suddenly I had a second kid on
my doorstep.”
“You already had another kid?” Iwai asks over the loud metal clanking of a shutter.
“Adopted.” Sojiro clarifies, “Another long story.”
“We’re in the same boat.” Iwai laughs, “I’ve got a long story of my own for my son.”
“Really.” Sojiro smiles a bit. Maybe this guy isn’t so bad. “Say, how’d you meet Ren?”
“Him and his blonde friend showed up one day lookin’ for model guns.” Iwai shrugs,
hopping over the counter to lock the front door.

“Which one?”
“There’s another blonde?” Iwai turns, “His band must stick out in a crowd.”
The blondes, funnily enough, are among the number that stick out the least. Though, they are
loud, in both volume and appearance. “Don’t I know it.”
“Yeah.” Iwai snorts, “But he’s been coming back ever since. Helped me out with a few
things. He always buys the weirdest shit, though. Whips and battle axes and beam swords.”
Sojiro would love to take a crack at guessing who those are for, “And they’re all models,
besides.”
“He’s a weird kid.” Sojiro shrugs. If Ren didn’t explain the Metaverse to Iwai, then Sojiro
certainly isn’t going to be the one to do it.
“Sure is.” Iwai agrees, collapsing back into his chair behind the counter. “So. Let’s chat.
You’re helping look for our man?”
“Trying to, at least.” Sojiro sighs, “I’m not one-hundred-percent on where to start, so I’m
looking for a second and third opinion.”
“You’re swinging by wherever that reporter hangs out?” Iwai asks, and Sojiro nods, “Cool.
Could be a good idea. She might have dug something up.”
“Maybe.” Sojiro dismisses, “And what about you?”
“Depends on what you’re askin’.” Iwai leans back. “I know that reporter is trying to dig
through her contacts, the same she used to track down Kaneshiro. God only knows what
Amamiya’s doing. I’m pulling favours from those in the family who still owe me one.” He
clicks his tongue, “I’m not in the business anymore, but life debts tend to stick around.”
That they do. “Somewhere in the middle, I guess.” Sojiro grimaces, “I used to work for
Shido. I was a liaison between him and his favourite lab.” He spits the moniker bitterly, “But
I never got close to anything too obviously shady. None of this Yakuza stuff. I knew it was
happening peripherally, sure, but,” he shrugs.
“Right.” Iwai looks contemplative.
“And now I’m cautious of pulling favours, because I don’t know who’s still working directly
for him.” Sojiro folds his arms, “I’m not looking to endanger my family more than it already
is.”
“Aren’t we all?” Iwai says, sardonic. “Not sure how to help you there, but I can tell you what
I know.”
“That’s all I can ask.” Sojiro nods. He knows better than most that trying to dig dirt on Shido
is a nigh impossible task. Clearly, the best way to do it is to be the dirt to begin with, but,
well, that comes with its own share of problems.
Iwai tells him this:

First: This Cleaner certainly isn’t known as such in any larger circles. It would be one hell of
a general code name, and he’d be a dime a dozen.
Second: On the plus side, this also means that there’s very likely only one yakuza assassin
among Shido’s business associates. Ren was already pretty confident of that, but it’s good to
get confirmation.
Third: Cleaners of such a description might be a dime a dozen, but that doesn’t make them
easy to pin down. Yakuza though Iwai may be, his clan, nor the surrounding ones, were never
involved in that side of business.
“Which,” Iwai finishes, “Brings us to the only route we can really explore.”
“Finding out who dabbles in politics, and going from there?” Sojiro guesses.
Iwai grins, closer to a smirk, “Exactly. Better yet, who dabbles in politics successfully. There
are plenty of families that want to stick their noses in, get all the power they can get; but
they’ve gotta have something to offer if a politician is gonna risk working with them.”
Murder tends to classify as something to offer. Discrete murder, as evidenced by the right
mess Akechi made, is certainly Shido’s preference.
Of course, it’s the discrete part that’s making this whole ordeal such a headache to begin
with.
“…It’d be good to find out exactly how many contractors this guy has.” Sojiro says.
“That,” Iwai agrees, “Would be mighty helpful.”
“Sure would.”
“How’re you going to get that done?”
“No idea.” Sojiro admits. “I feel less nervous poking around for how far Shido’s network
spreads, but ideally I’d get information on if this Cleaner works for people outside his
network, too.”
“If Shido pays him enough, he might not.” Iwai points out.
Sojiro shrugs, “Potentially. But these days, Shido’s got other methods of dealing with
problems,” only Shido could see his teenaged son as an upgrade to his professional killer, “So
the jobs might be drying up. …Then again, they might be flowing back in right about now.”
“We’ll pencil it in as a maybe.” Iwai says drily. “If you find anyone else the guy works for,
fill me in. Something tells me other politicians would be sloppier than Shido in covering their
tracks.”
“Other politicians don’t all have the same kind of funding.” Sojiro scoffs, “If Shido’s ever
sloppy, it’s because he can afford to be. Not that it helps us.”

“Point stands.” Iwai swipes a scrap piece of paper off the counter, and fishes for a pen,
scribbling down his number. “Keep in touch.”
“Will do.” Sojiro nods, pocketing the scrap paper as it’s slid over to him.
With any luck, his job will go smoothly.
With any luck, Iwai’s job will go smoothly before Sojiro’s has to.
Not likely.
Sojiro readies himself for the long haul.
But, first, he has a reporter to track down.
***
It’s exceedingly rare that Ann’s living room is empty in the middle of the day. In the middle
of a Sunday, no less, where Ann herself has nothing better to do than laze about her own
apartment.
Akechi makes sure to take advantage of this. If boredom was slowly killing him before the
apartment gained two extra occupants, then it’s taken to beating him over the head since.
Makoto’s olive branch and he and Sae’s joint project notwithstanding, Akechi isn’t rushing to
spend time with any of these people.
Which, naturally, is why he genuinely considers dipping back into his murderous hobbies
when Sakamoto bursts into the living room out of thin air with a boisterous “Yo!”
He freezes when he sees Akechi on the couch.
Akechi makes sure to give him his best withering glare.
“Dude.” Sakamoto says in response, “Chill.”
“Why are you here.”
“Didn’t you ask that last time?” Sakamoto scratches at his neck. Akechi can’t remember.
Probably.
“The question still stands.” He says.
“Oh.” Sakamoto shoves his hands in his pockets, scuffing his shoe against the floor, “M’here
for Ann and Makoto, I guess. But I think you’re coming too?”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “…Meaning?”
Sakamoto grins, “You’re gonna like this.” He says with confidence. “We’re headin’ to
Mementos.”
Goodness, he’s right. Akechi does like this.

“The implication being that I’m finally allowed back in the ring?” Akechi clarifies slowly.
“Uh.” Sakamoto pauses, “I didn’t ask.”
Never mind. Akechi hates this again.
“But I’m pretty sure the answer’s yes!” Sakamoto hastily adds as Akechi’s expression
darkens, “I just need to double check so Ren doesn’t kill me.”
“You should be more worried about me killing you.”
“Yeah, yeah, I getcha.” Sakamoto mutters, tapping at his phone, apparently unconcerned
about his mortal peril. After a second, it blips, and he grins. He shoves his phone in Akechi’s
face, “See? I never lie.”
“Doubtful.” Akechi mutters, as he squints to read the text.
Skull: hey hey should i bring crow
Joker: yeah
How succinct. And exactly what Akechi was hoping for.
Sakamoto yanks his phone back, “Kinda surprised you didn’t already know we were headin’
out.”
“I don’t have a phone.” Akechi glares.
“Oh.” Sakamoto blinks, “Huh. Didn’t you get a burner?”
“I did.” Akechi confirms, “But I gave it to Sae-san, and she hasn’t given it back.”
“Bummer, dude.” Sakamoto nods sagely, “You should just ask. Learnt my lesson when I tried
to get Ann to give back some shit she borrowed telepathically.”
“I’m astounded it didn’t work.” Akechi deadpans.
Sakamoto nods eagerly, “I know, right? I figured she’d start askin’ why I was givin’ her the
stink eye at some point, but she didn’t even notice!”
Akechi takes a deep breath through his nose.
“Why did you come here?” He remembers to ask, “It’s not like Ann and Makoto need to be
picked up.”
Sakamoto suddenly becomes very interested with examining the floor.
“You and Sae-san have no reason to speak.” Akechi comments, “So that just leaves me.”
Sakamoto groans, “Wasn’t your detective shtick supposed to be fake?”

“That was hardly a taxing deduction.”
“Yeah, I’m here to talk to you.” Sakamoto ignores the snark. “I figured the walk to Shibuya
was the best place to do it. Privacy or whatever.”
Akechi gestures to the empty room, “We currently have privacy in spades.”
“S’pose so.” Sakamoto runs a hand through his hair. He takes a deep breath, “So, I can’t
remember exactly. What day was it that Ren got fucked up the same way you did?”
Ah.
What’s the date, again?
“The twentieth.” Akechi recalls, slowly. “So, today.”
Sakamoto puffs out his cheeks, “Yeah, figured.”
“How come?” Akechi asks cautiously.
Sakamoto waves a hand, “Just had a feelin’. I think way back when you guys were explaining
everything our deadline might’ve come up, and that’s when it all went down, yeah?”
“To put it simply, yes.” Akechi swallows, “Is that all?”
“Uh, nah, not really.” Sakamoto looks more uncomfortable by the second.
“Spit it out.”
Sakamoto rolls his eyes, “Talkin’ to you is so effin’ annoying.” He mutters, “What do I have
to do?”
Akechi blinks, brow furrowing in confusion, “What?”
“Ren coulda taken the day off.” Sakamoto says, “But he didn’t. He’s draggin’ us all to
Mementos, and he’s the kinda guy to get messed up by anniversaries.”
“I think it’s less the anniversary factor and more that things keep happening on the same days
that they happened last time.” Akechi grouses, “There’s a precedent.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever, basically the same thing.” Sakamoto dismisses. “So what do I gotta
do?”
“Ask Sumire.” Akechi snaps.
Sakamoto groans, “I wanted to, but she wasn’t really part of all this, was she?”
“Need I remind you,” Akechi says, very slowly, “That my part in all this was to shoot Ren in
the face?”
“Oh, shit, you went for the face?” Sakamoto blinks, “Messed up, dude.”

“As opposed to what?” Akechi cannot believe this is a conversation he is having. “Do you
happen to know a way of shooting someone that’s all above board?”
Sakamoto looks to genuinely consider this.
“No.” Akechi interrupts as he opens his mouth, “I’m not entertaining a ridiculous
hypothetical with you.”
“Dude.” Sakamoto presses his palms against his eyes, “Help me out here.”
“Why are you agonising over this, anyway?” Akechi asks suspiciously.
A frustrated click of the tongue. “’Cause someone’s gotta care, and it sure as hell ain’t gonna
be you or Ren.”
A bold assumption.
HE’S ACTUALLY RIGHT FOR ONCE.
And thus, the sticking point. Akechi is suddenly very glad that Makoto isn’t here.
(But, the question remains.
Of course Akechi cares, about his mother, about his revenge, about a select few who have
wormed their way so permanently into his life that he couldn’t excise them if he tried.
But aside from that list he can confidently recite, everything is a blank. Any semblance of an
answer turns to smoke the moment he tries to examine it, the inner workings of his own
psyche a mystery even to himself.)
Sakamoto must take his silence as a response one way or the other, “Look, I’m not sayin’ you
don’t care,” he looks awkward, “You put your own neck on the line when you didn’t have to
for Ann and Makoto.”
“It was pragmatic.” Akechi protests instinctively.
“What-now?” Sakamoto pauses, and then waves him off, “Whatever. Anyway, if you and
Ren ain’t gonna talk, and Sumire wasn’t really involved, then- I dunno.”
(The question remains, and with it’s presence brings a follow up:
Does he care, categorically, that he put a gun to Ren’s head and pulled the trigger?)
It’s not the question Sakamoto is asking, but it is the one that sticks in Akechi’s mind.
“What, exactly, are you trying to accomplish?” Akechi asks distantly.
Sakamoto throws up his hands, “Something! I don’t know! I don’t want Ren to- ugh. He’s
real good at wallowing, y’know? He gets spacey sometimes and I just don’t know what he’s
thinkin’.”

Akechi is well aware.
(It’s not that he wanted to do it.
He did let himself relish in it a bit. He won, permanently. The last bow, the last laugh, Joker
exits stage left.
But, of course, he didn’tHe wasn’tHe didn’t want to do it.)
“I don’t know what to tell you.” Akechi says.
Sakamoto gives him an odd look, “Yeah,” he eventually mumbles, “Figures, I guess.”
(But he did have to do it. There was never anything else he would have chosen. Even if Joker
gave him an out, a coy ‘ You could join us properly, you know’ it simply wasn’t worth it, to
give up everything he had worked for.
Ren felt the same way, clearly, or he wouldn’t have entertained that farce to begin with.
But, now, after the factWell, what now?
February was worse.)
“Hey.” Sakamoto speaks up, “Akechi?”
“What?” He remembers to glare.
“You good?”
The glare becomes more natural, “Why do you ask?” He says coolly.
“Because.” Sakamoto says, measured, “You and Ren do the same shit.”
Oh, and isn’t that just the kind of irony to sour the conversation? “Stick to worrying about
Ren.” Akechi snaps.
Sakamoto snorts, “Yeah, I’m tryin’. Hard to stay focused when everyone’s real bad at
pretending they don’t have issues.”
“Does that include you?” Akechi asks, in what must be a bout of temporary insanity.
Sakamoto groans again, and vaults over the back of the couch to take a seat, “We’ve all got
problems, dude. I’m fine, I guess.”
Akechi stares, “What a rousing reassurance.”

“Do you care?”
The age-old question. “I suppose not.”
“That’s what I thought.” Sakamoto mutters, dropping his cheek against his hand. “That’s
what I get for trying to come to you for help.”
“Isn’t he your best friend?” Akechi snaps, “Figure it out.”
“Well apparently,” Sakamoto growls bitterly, “Past-me didn’t figure it out, since he let his
best bro get tossed to the wolves to start.”
(The age-old question:
Varying degrees of disconnect aside, it seems Akechi isn’t the only one to ponder it.)
“You’re not so bad at wallowing, yourself.” Akechi says.
“Fuck off.” Sakamoto shoots him a glare, “I know I’m shit at this. I don’t exactly have awhatsitcalled? Frame of reference.”
“…Was Ren your first friend?” Akechi asks incredulously.
“Like you can talk!” Which is unfortunately, an excellent point. “And no. Just- I didn’t really
ever get on the level with people before Ren, y’know? I only started gettin’ close with Ann
properly after… everything.”
Dominoes, one falls and suddenly you have a mess.
“Coming to me for this was foolish, Sakamoto.” Akechi tells him.
Sakamoto rolls his eyes, “I’m startin’ to get that, yeah.” His face scrunches, “And call me
Ryuji, please. Your snooty ass voice callin’ me Sakamoto just makes me feel like I’m getting
chewed out by a teacher.”
(The Chariot, infuriatingly, grows to rank four at the insistence.)
Akechi scoffs, “Fine.”
“That’s what I like to hear.” Ryuji says with about half of his usual energy.
“I don’t know what to do about Ren.” Akechi announces, “And he isn’t my problem. If he
wants to wallow, that’s his business.”
“Well, I’m makin’ it my problem.” Ryuji crosses his arms and throws his head back, “N’ he
might make it your problem, too.”
“Believe me.” Akechi says, weary as ever, “I am well aware.”
Ryuji snorts. “Then just… lend me a hand, a’ight?” He stands, and offers his hand to shake.

Akechi rises to his feet, and gives the olive branch a disdainful look, “No promises.”
Ryuji rolls his eyes, and starts off down the hall to bang on Ann and Makoto’s door. “That’s
what I get…”
***
As far as Ren is concerned, the twentieth of November holds no significance.
No, everything went down on the seventh this time, and this time is the only time that
matters. So, the twentieth is a day like any other.
A day like any other, aside from the trip to Mementos that is almost certainly going to take an
entire day. He’s been busy, the thieves have been busy, and the rest of Tokyo has certainly
been busy if their veritable stockpile of requests has anything to say about it.
Ryuji texts him as he’s making the rounds, picking up last-minute supplies, asking if Akechi
is coming along too. Ren has just about run out of excuses to keep Goro out of the fight, so
he obliges. Mementos is a relatively low-stakes start, anyway.
Unless they run afoul of the Reaper, but Ren isn’t going to dedicate any more time than
necessary to that thought to avoid being jinxed.
“What’re we dealing with today?” Morgana asks as they arrive at the entrance to Mementos.
Ren mulls it over, “…I’ve been putting off dealing with Ohya’s boss. Kawakami’s still being
blackmailed. Chihaya’s still in a cult, Shinya’s mom needs a wake-up call, and… so does
Hifumi’s mom.”
Morgana whistles, “We’ve got a lot of work.”
“Not to mention all the people Mishima’s been sending our way.”
“…We’ve got a lot of work.” Morgana amends. “I hope all these people are in places we can
access.
“We can probably access a lot more, now.” Ren points out, “All the way to the bottom, I
think. Just not to the god of control.”
“Jeez…” Morgana makes a face, “It’s… weird to think about. I roped you guys all into this
because I wanted to explore Mementos, and well, here we are.”
Ren grimaces at the pulsing veins, ignoring the twin glares of Caroline and Justine in the
corner, “Here we are.”
“We probably shouldn’t mention- uh, the god if we can help it.” Morgana adds. “I know
we’re usually pretty laissez faire about that stuff thanks to our masks, but I don’t want to
draw any more attention than absolutely necessary.”

With the Metaverse in such disarray as of late, Ren figures that’s a fair stipulation to keep in
mind. “Will do.”
The thieves all trickle in eventually, the quartet of Ann, Makoto, Ryuji, and Akechi being the
last to arrive. Haru hums, eyeing the ten of them.
“The van is going to be a tight fit.” She comments.
“We’ve dealt with it before.” Ren dismisses with a shrug.
“Not comfortably…” Sumire coughs under her breath.
“…We’ll make do.” Makoto says awkwardly.
“You’d better!” Morgana calls as he leaps and morphs into a car, “We’ve got stuff to do, so
no complaining!”
Ann very much looks like she wants to complain, but sighs and lets it go, “Alright… so,
seating arrangements?”
“Shotgun.” Goro speaks up for the first time.
Ren blinks, bewildered, “Are you sure?”
“Did I not just say shotgun.” It’s not really a question.
“Uh.” Ren feels his lips stretch in what is probably his least flattering smile, “I’ll be driving.”
“What, did you think I forgot?” Goro glares at him, “Shotgun.”
“…I wanted shotgun.” Futaba mutters bitterly.
Ryuji slings an arm around her shoulder, “Just sit in the second row. Basically the same
thing.”
“No it isn’t.” Yusuke says matter-of-factly, eyebrows scrunching together with confusion.
“Close enough!” Ryuji waves him off.
Ren doesn’t care much about this argument, actually. He whips open the driver-side door
with a flourish, “Everyone get in, or I’m leaving without you.” He announces.
There’s some muttering, and some scrambling, but it only takes about thirty seconds after that
for everyone to pile in haphazardly. Goro, to his word, ends up in shotgun, pointedly looking
out the window.
Ren tears his eyes away. It’s too quiet in the car to risk uncomfortably personal conversations.
“So,” He says, wasting no time in putting pedal to the metal, “Anyone have any road trip
songs?”

***
The thing is, the twentieth simply doesn’t hold significance. Ren wonders if it would have in
2017, then 2018, or if he would have forgotten entirely, leaving instead a general sense of
dread to be dispersed about November as a whole.
But he’ll never know, because he missed his shot at 2017. Now the year prior has to be done
again, Ren wonders if it’s the exact counting of the days that has permanently ruined his
calendar, October third, November seventh, November twentieth, January first, second, ninth,
February, that will forever be circled in red and underlined three times over.
Ren’s hands tighten on the steering wheel, until he forcibly relaxes. No reason to have
Morgana commenting or complaining about his tension.
The thieves have gotten chattier in the back; Ann, Ryuji, Yusuke, and Futaba being the
primary offenders. Ren rarely chimes into these conversations to start, so he figures his
silence will be forgiven.
“Eyes on the road, Joker.”
Ren doesn’t look at the road, but instead casts his eyes towards the source of the voice. “It’s a
rail track, technically.”
“Technically,” Goro emphasises with a withering glare, “It’s nothing, because it’s not real.”
“Well, if we’re getting metaphysical about it…” Ren mutters, paying attention to actually
driving long enough to avoid sending the van careening into a wall.
“Remind me to send an anonymous tip to inform government officials to ban you from
getting a license.” Goro says, turning up his nose.
“Or,” Ren offers, “You could not do that.”
“A stellar defence.”
“I’m driving, Crow.” Ren smirks, “Don’t distract me.”
“A coward’s exit.” Goro sniffs.
“Oh,” Ren says, perhaps ill-advisedly, “So you do want to talk to me.”
Another withering glare. One of these days Ren will have a conversation with Akechi where
he doesn’t stick his entire foot in his mouth.
He can salvage this. “…Is there any reason you wanted to sit up here? I would’ve figured
you’d rather sit with Violet and Noir.”
“I’m checking something.” Is Goro’s elusive response.
“Checking what.”

“Nothing to concern yourself with.” Goro crosses his arms, his exact expression, if he has
one at all, obscured by his mask.
Ren rolls his eyes. “Sure, fine.” He mutters.
A day like any other holds no extra meaning when conversing with one of the major players
of the nightmare that is the twentieth.
But not this twentieth.
(Technically, all the thieves were equally major players in their own right. Even Ren himself,
fool that his is, literal or otherwise, willingly walked into the plan concocted by the thieves.
They all thought they were so clever.
And, well, they were, weren’t they? It worked.
It almost didn’t. They thought it would be simple. They thought convincing Sae would be the
worst part.)
His hands are tight on the steering wheel again. He forcibly relaxes.
“What’s our first mark?” Goro speaks up.
“Mona?” Ren signals.
“I can sense… oh, there’s someone pretty close by, I think. Within the next few floors.”
Morgana’s voice crackles through the radio.
"Great.” Ren says, “Let’s get this done quick.”
***
As it turns out, being stuck in the back seat also means being stuck in reserve.
It also means being squished against the side of the van while Noir and Queen stare off into
the middle distance, not making conversation. Sumire wishes she hadn’t been so quick to
give up her spot in the middle row.
At the very least, from what she can see, Crow seems to be having fun. Every now and again
Joker will waste their time by crashing into a wayward shadow, and Crow will leap from the
van cackling for violence and blood, ignoring most of Joker’s orders all the while.
Most of is a step up from none, so Sumire supposes that if Joker has any sense he’ll take what
he can get.
“It’s almost relaxing,” Noir eventually speaks up, her voice nearly drowned by whatever
argument Oracle and Panther have roped Skull into, Fox interjecting with increasing
frequency, “Being here and not having to do anything.”

“…I think you and I have different definitions of relaxing.” Queen says weakly.
Sumire eyes the walls of Mementos through the van window, “It isn’t so bad.”
Queen mutters something else that is likely also contesting that claim.
Noir laughs under her breath. “I think Mementos just doesn’t faze me by this point.”
“…To a certain point.” Queen acquiesces, “But I think the blood, flesh, and veins will always
rub me the wrong way.”
That’s fair. Sumire had been filtering them out, honestly.
“José is down here somewhere.” She points out, “But I guess that’s a blip in the-” blood,
flesh, and veins. And- are those spinal vertebrae? “-everything.”
Queen hums, eyes fixed on the floor of the van. The conversation peters out.
…And, back to relative silence.
Noir is first to break again. “It’s good we’re getting all this done at once.”
“I hadn’t really been thinking about it,” Sumire admits, “But I agree. We were really letting it
pile up.”
“…You know, I had thought about using my position as student council president to collect
requests from the student body. Discretely, of course.” Queen says, pushing her mask up,
“But that isn’t really possible any more.”
Sumire grimaces, “I- right. It was a nice thought, though.”
“Mm.”
“…I can keep an ear out, if you’d like?” Noir offers.
Queen quickly shakes her head, “We’re all busy enough as is. Who knows? This might be our
last major Mementos trip before- you know.”
Now that’s something uncomfortable to think about. “We’ll probably go again in January, at
least.” Sumire says, remembering the particularly dire requests that had slipped through the
cracks of Maruki’s reality.
Noir blinks, tilting her head, “I didn’t realise that would be necessary. But it’s nice that this
place won’t be completely gone. Not until we deal with Doctor Maruki, at least…”
Queen grumbles something, some variation of different definitions of nice.
Noir catches it, and chuckles, “We’ll get there when we get there.”
Sumire has to privately admit that mindset has had diminishing returns of late.

Time, as it happens, despite it’s insistence on bending for her, moves at a fixed rate. The days
will slip by far too quickly and far too slowly to get anything done within a reasonable time
frame, and all Sumire has been able to do is play support.
She doesn’t have connections. She’s a gymnastics prodigy of dubious talent. She can’t track
down the yakuza, or dodge politicians, or kill gods. The minute the situation with Yaldabaoth
is sorted and the Velvet Room is all back to -admittedly, questionable- normality, Sumire is
going to beg Crow to beg someone for answers, because the question of why the hell this
happened to her is beginning to surface in her mind once again.
Don’t dwell, don’t dwell,
But there’s nothing to do but dwell when that’s all she has.
Her problem, the problem she was prepared for, the problem she was the most afraid of, was
changing the heart of one Doctor Takuto Maruki.
She can help with that. She can. Crow and Joker can only be in so many places at once and
Sumire knows that reality, knows how it draws you in and messes with your head, and she
can help.
But Doctor Maruki isn’t going to be an issue until Christmas. Holiday cheer all around. Far
too much of it.
So: later it is.
Yaldabaoth is a can of worms that can’t be cracked until Shido is ruined, and they can’t risk
getting anywhere with him until they deal with a faceless yakuza assassin, and so they’re all
stuck. Like always, and Sumire just wants to get something done without another checklist
falling at their feet.
But, she shouldn’t diminish their progress. They’ve gone the full mile with Ooe and Sato’s
palaces, the decision to split the thieves miraculously not blowing up in their faces.
They’re halfway done with goal one of three, except each goal has subsections and
addendums and Oracle would probably have an analogy for this but Sumire is just tired.
“Do you think we’ll find anything about the Cleaner in Mementos?” Sumire asks broadly,
knowing it’s pointless.
Noir hums, “If we didn’t find anything in Ooe’s palace, then I doubt any of our scattered
targets here will have anything to say.”
“That’s true…” Sumire sighs.
Queen shifts uncomfortably, “We didn’t look particularly hard in Sato’s palace… do you
think…?”
Noir tilts her head, “Well, he’s just a technician, isn’t he? Would he know more than a fellow
politician?”

“Sato knew… some things.” Queen says evasively, “And he’s been working with Shido for
nearly twenty years.”
“Really?” Sumire blurts, “That’s- a lot.”
“It is.” Queen mutters, voice darkening, “A lot and nothing at all can happen in that time
frame, apparently.”
“So Sato could have information on the Cleaner?” Noir prompts.
Queen looks to mull it over for a second, “I don’t know.” She settles on, “We kind of got told
all the important beats of the last twenty years, and the Cleaner wasn’t brought up once. We’d
have to ask Sato’s shadow directly, and I doubt he’d be cooperative.”
“And we wouldn’t want to risk starting a fight.” Noir finishes. She presses her lips together,
“…There was a leaderboard in his palace, yes? I don’t suppose one of the names on there was
our Cleaner.”
“If it is,” Sumire points out, “We’d be throwing darts at a board.”
“None of the top five names were anyone we didn’t already know.” Queen shakes her head,
“So- random guessing. If it didn’t come up in Sato’s… presentation, I doubt the Cleaner
holds much weight in his mind.”
“It’s something to think about, though.” Noir says, “An option for when we inevitably run out
of all others.”
Sumire isn’t sure she likes the turn for pessimism, though she can hardly toss stones.
“If we get desperate,” she says, “Then maybe we can take a fine-toothed comb to Shido’s
palace and see if anything turns up.”
“Crow already said that even Shido doesn’t know his name.” Queen points out.
“Hence the desperation, I think.” Noir chimes in.
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that, then.” Queen says wearily. “Checking the underside of
every rock in a palace sounds exceedingly painful.”
It certainly does. And Shido’s palace, to Sumire’s knowledge, is big. Not the kind of place
she particularly wants to search inch by inch.
In the row ahead, Panther loudly boasts a counterargument to Skull’s borderline monologue
about something Sumire has lost track of. Oracle eggs them on with intermittent cheers,
dragging Fox along for the ride. Even Crow has taken to raising his voice above them all
once in a while.
Noir clears her throat, “I am concerned about that, actually.” She says beneath the noise.
Queen raises an eyebrow, “About what?”

“Shido’s palace.”
Sumire frowns, “…It is probably dangerous.”
“I think that’s a given.” Queen says drily.
Noir takes off her hat, and places it on her lap, “It’s not about the exact level of danger, per
se.” She threads the feather between her gloves, “Well, that too. But we handled Ooe’s palace
with a smaller team and Joker said it’s about on the level with Shido’s.”
“Right.” Sumire prompts.
“I’m more concerned about what else might be waiting there.” Noir says, “Crow died there,
and he’s historically hard to kill.”
Queen opens her mouth, closes it, “…Did either of them mention exactly what it was
that…?”
“It was Goro-kun’s cognition inside the ship.” Noir responds, a bit distant. She quickly adds,
“He mentioned it when I asked.”
Cognitions are always a bit of a toss-up with regard to their place in a palace. Sumire prefers
the fodder, the faceless masses; no matter how unnerving they are, they’re at least easy to
kill. Cognitions that wear distinct faces, girls in leotards that whisper names that aren’t hers,
flowers that sing and wail until they’re made to shut up, automatons in pink and blue and
neon that sacrifice themself at a word.
And, mirrors of teenaged hitmen that can get the better of their counterpart. Sumire isn’t
looking forward to it.
“Well, we’re ready for it now.” Queen points out, though she also sounds unnerved. “We’re
not going to be blindsided by anything.”
“Unless the palace has changed.” Sumire points out, and immediately regrets it. The laws of
the universe dictate that acknowledging their terrible luck means that something even worse
will happen.
That said, they have terrible luck . The even worse thing was probably going to happen
anyway.
“…The foundation will likely be the same.” Queen corrects herself.
“Most likely.” Noir agrees, “Though, perhaps we should stop discussing it.”
Sumire refrains from mentioning that she was the one to bring it up in the first place. Noir’s
anxiety is understandable, if not slightly uncharacteristic. Shido, Sumire would assume, holds
less presence in Noir’s life than her father or Sugimura. Though, what does she know? She’s
certainly anxious herself.

Anxious, and impatient. She used to have far better self control. Not where it counted, of
course.
She’d like a distraction.
“Joker.” Sumire shouts over everyone’s voices, and the van abruptly goes silent. “Can we
swap the front lines?”
A pause. “Sure.” He says, “Fox, Panther, Cr-” Crow makes a low sound that very much
resembles a growl, “ Just Fox and Panther, swap with… Queen and Violet. That all good?”
“Of course.” Noir says mildly, settling back in her seat a little more.
Sumire breathes a sigh of relief. Just something to do is enough.

Chapter End Notes

i didn't need someone to remind me to update the chapter this time! ...i did still almost
forget, though. i blame uni, as i'm want to do
Socials!
Tumblr, Instagram, Bluesky
Confidants! give the Chariot some love
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX

Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren: [wallowing in his own head]
Sojiro: -you meet your reporter friend where?
Ren: [shocked out of his wallowing] haha oh shit

Chapter 91
Chapter Summary

Chipping away at dead ends.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sojiro figured he’d have to wander around for a while, but it turns out the Crossroads bar
opens its doors relatively early in the day.
He had, for all of five seconds, assumed he’d get to do his waiting inside the bar. No such
waiting turned out to be necessary, with a woman matching Ichiko Ohya’s description already
trying to drown her sorrows sitting perched on a stool.
The woman who he assumes owns the bar eyes him suspiciously, “Welcome.” She says, a bit
gruff, “I haven’t seen you before, honey. Looking to try a new bar?”
“Not quite.” Sojiro says carefully, “Though I wouldn’t be opposed to sampling your drinks.”
Ohya lifts her head up slightly at that, eyes narrowed in matching suspicion to the bartender.
“Well, that’s lovely to hear.” The bartender says, “Call me Lala-chan. What are you here for,
if not quite drinks?”
“The pretzels are good.” Ohya interjects.
“They are.” Lala nods, passably nonchalant.
Sojiro chuckles, “I might order some of them, then. But I’m actually here to chat her.” He
nods towards Ohya, “Ohya-san, yeah?”
There’s a flash of alarm in her eyes, “That’s me.” She says, slow, “Whadd’ya want?”
“You know a Ren Amamiya?”
Lala stiffens, and Ohya can’t quite mask her anger. “Never heard of ‘im.”
Sojiro probably should have seen this coming. Striking up conversation with Iwai wasn’t
exactly smooth sailing, but at least things never got actively hostile. He supposes it should be
comforting, that Ren inspires such loyalty. Fixing all their problems with magic probably
does the trick.
“Relax.” He scoffs, “Ren’s the one who told me where to find you. I’m his guardian.”

Lala untenses, peering at him curiously. Ohya doesn’t look entirely convinced.
“Is there trouble?” Lala asks, picking up a glass to wipe it down.
“No, no,” Sojiro quickly waves off her concerns. There really is no smooth way to introduce
this topic without potentially hitting fifty rocks along the way. He nods towards Ohya, “We
have a common goal, is all, related to Ren and his activities.”
“Oh.” Ohya’s eyes widen, and some of that drunken flair swoops back onto her face as she
grins, “Oh! Well why didn’t’cha say so?”
The aforementioned rocks, mostly. “Hard to say.” Sojiro tells her bluntly.
Ohya waves a hand, “Oh, fair enough. Lala-chan! Can we borrow the seats in the back?”
Lala snorts. “Do you see anyone else here? Take ‘em.” She gives Sojiro one final look, “You
sure you’ll both be alright?”
“We’re just swell.” Ohya drawls, seemingly genuine. “C’mon, old man. What’s your name
again?”
“Sojiro Sakura.” He offers, finally taking off his hat, “Forgive my manners.”
“I’m not really a manners gal, so you’re forgiven.” Ohya unpeels herself from the bar, “Just
back here.”
Sojiro makes to follow her, before Lala clears her throat, “Anything I can get for you while
you talk business, honey?”
Sojiro considers it, “…Some of those pretzels, if they’re as good as you say.”
“Oh, they’re fine. Store-bought, but you’ll end up eating fifty if you go for five.”
“I’ll take ‘em.” Sojiro laughs under his breath, “And your favourite non-alcoholic. This is a
conversation better had sober, pretty sure.”
Lala snorts, “Tell that to Ichiko-chan. Anyway, coming right up. You go sit down.”
“Thank you.” He says with a short bow.
“Your kid’s a sweetheart, so you get fancier service.” She winks, and laughs, “Don’t let
Ichiko-chan rile you up.”
“I won’t, I won’t,” He chuckles in return, and goes off to sit across from Ohya.
Her head whips up, “You ordered those pretzels to share, yeah?”
He didn’t, but he’s not looking to hold them hostage either. “Sure.”
“Score.” Ohya looks mighty pleased, “So!” She leans back, “A common goal, huh?”

“I hear you’re on the hunt for someone especially slippery.” Sojiro remembers business. He
remembers how to talk it. He’s a bit rusty, but business feels a more appropriate mask for
Ohya than it did Iwai, so out of storage it comes. “I’ve got connections of my own, but I
wanted to check with you and Ren’s other contact to make sure I’m not treading old ground.”
“Other contact? What, you mean the old guy at the gun store?” Ohya scoffs, “Sorry, model
gun store?”
Maybe business isn’t her forte. “Yeah.” Sojiro grunts, “That guy.”
“S’ been a few days since we’ve talked.” Ohya drums her fingers against the table, “You
already spoken to him?”
“I have.”
“Anythin’ interesting come up?”
“Aside from narrowing the field of search, not much.” Sojiro admits, “We’re all at a loss.”
“Figures.” Ohya mutters, “Hunting Kaneshiro and Kayo was way easier than this, and some
of that was a nightmare.” She pauses, “Wait- you the ex-fed Amamiya mentioned?”
Ren has to find a better way to introduce people he knows. “One and the same.” Sojiro
confirms tiredly.
Ohya cackles with something to the left of awe, “Would ya look at that? It’s not too much to
hope that all your shady government buddies have lists of all the yakuza assassins they know
of, is it?”
And wouldn’t that make his life easier? “I’m afraid it is.” Sojiro tells her, “The best lead I’ve
got is to go digging for politicians who might use the same service that are less careful than
Shido.”
“Sounds like you already think that’s a dead end.”
So much for optimism. Sojiro grimaces, “Well… not exactly. I’m not confident, but I’m not
hopeless.”
“That’s something.” Ohya sighs, “What’s Mr. Model Guns lookin’ for?”
“Same thing I am. But he’s attacking it from the provider side of things.” Sojiro explains,
“Only so many families dabble in politics, and even fewer dabble successfully.”
“Don’t I know it.” Ohya mutters absent-mindedly, “Kaneshiro wasn’t a family, but his funds
were being funnelled somewhere, right into someone’s pockets. …It’s an interesting line of
attack, I’ll give you. Might have to dig into it myself, if I can.” She sighs, “Problem is, the
people who tend to have this information also tend to have their living rights revoked pretty
quick.”
Yeah. That is a problem. “Hence my caution.” Sojiro says wearily.

“Caution away.” Ohya says dismissively, “You’re no help if you’re dead.”
“No one is, traditionally.” Sojiro deadpans, “That aside, I take all that to mean your progress
has been slow?”
Ohya scowls, “Yeah. Snail pace. My boss is still breathing down my neck, and I’ve got
deadlines to meet. Everything has to be as discreet as I can muster.”
“You’re not throwing yourself off cliffs, are you?”
“Aw, are you worried about little ‘ol me?” Ohya says with enough sarcasm that she almost
loops back around to sounding genuine, “I see where Amamiya picked up his charms.”
The kid damn well better have charm, else Sojiro has failed as a pseudo-parent. “Call it
professional concern.”
Ohya drops the theatrics and rolls her eyes, “I’m not chasing thugs down back alleys if that’s
what you’re wondering. All the risks I’m taking are the same as the ones I took in my
personal projects. Don’t get your knickers in a twist.”
“All going well, here?” Lala chimes in with two drinks in hand and a bowl balanced in the
crook of her elbow.
“Yeah, yeah, don’t worry Lala-chan.” Ohya waves her off. She pouts as she picks up her
glass, “Lala,” she whines, “This is just water!”
“You’ve had enough for today.” Lala says with no remorse.
“It’s four PM!”
“And you’ve had enough.” Lala flicks her shoulder, “Sorry for the interruption.”
“No worries.” Sojiro says, trying not to smirk into his glass at the display. Lala laughs, and
shuffles back off.
Sojiro takes a sip of his drink. It’s pretty damn good. He hopes it isn’t going to break his
wallet.
Ohya, still scowling, shoves a handful of pretzels in her mouth, “Anyway. What were we
sayin’?”
“You jumping off cliffs.” Sojiro recalls. “But moving on, you got anything else to report?”
Ohya glares at the table, “Not really. I’ve been making some more progress on tracking down
Kayo, but that’s about it.” She elaborates after Sojiro’s vaguely confused look, “She was my
partner. In journalism, mostly. She vanished at one point chasing a lead. Kid told me she had
a mental shutdown.”
Is that knowledge granted to Ren by Akechi or the time travel, Sojiro wonders?

He tosses a pretzel in his mouth. It’s passable. “My best friend had a mental shutdown.”
“That sucks.” Ohya says, so fast it must be instinct, “That really sucks.” She taps her nail
against her glass, “That why you’re in this?”
Sojiro snorts. “Nah. I’ve got kids to take care of.”
Revenge sounds less appealing when you’re old. It also sounds less appealing when the face
of half the targets you ought to be after is a scrawny kid with a black eye and a defensive
scowl.
Taking Shido down a peg or twenty is a pretty nice bonus, though.
“Well, good for you.” Ohya says, bitter. “I’d say I’m in it for Amamiya, but I don’t really
owe him anything.” She huffs, “Not yet, anyway. He kinda implied my boss would be taken
care of at some point.”
“Does he have to make it sound like he’s braining people in back alleys?” Sojiro grouses.
Ohya snickers, “Oh, no, he only asked for my boss’s full name. Very sly, very smooth.” She
frowns, “I guess I owe him for what he told me about Kayo. I still haven’t found her, but. It’s
good to know what happened. And that she’s out there.”
“She’s still alive?” Sojiro blurts, incredulous.
Ohya throws up her hands, “That’s what I said! Mental shutdown kinda implies it, yeah? But
apparently they’re not one-hundred-percent fatal.”
Isn’t that something?
All told, he only found out Wakaba had a mental shutdown relatively recently. Suspicions
were just suspicions, and he didn’t have the time nor energy to fight what the cops told him.
Suicide, right in front of Futaba. He knew something wasn’t right, but, he was tired.
And now, assassination, shady dealings, Wakaba’s nervous laughter and “I think someone has
it out for me” . The conclusion feels obvious, when it’s all laid out like this, but Sojiro was
never a detective. He doesn’t have the stomach for it.
That aside, it still wasn’t the mental shutdown itself that killed her, was it? Her mind got
axed, and she fell onto the road. Blunt force trauma, spine snapped, skull crushed- whatever,
Sojiro didn’t read the damn autopsy.
(So if it didn’t happen there, then, could Wakaba have lived?
A stupid, fleeting thought. By the sounds of it all, there isn’t much living to be done even if
the body persists after the mind has been killed.)
“I’d ask Amamiya more about it,” Ohya’s voice snaps him back to attention, “But he’s real
cagey about how it all works. Stealing hearts, I mean.”

Sojiro scoffs lightly under his breath, “Trust me,” he says, “it’s more trouble than it’s worth.”
Ohya’s eyes alight, “So you know?”
“Not at all.” Sojiro half-lies, “He tried to explain it to me, and I got lost about a minute in.”
Ohya slumps back, “I hate being out of the loop.”
“Join the club.” Sojiro raises his glass.
“No, seriously.” She snaps, eyeing his drink with annoyance, “I don’t owe Amamiya
anything, but I still want to help with this. Preferably snag the guy’s name myself. I’m doing
this for me, kind of for him, definitely for Kayo, but all I’ve done is turn up a whole lotta
nothing.”
Sojiro snatches another pretzel. “Join the club.” He repeats, “None of us have made
progress.”
Ohya presses her lips together, too irritated to be classified as a pout. “I,” she begins, “Am
the best damn journalist the office has. And yet here I am, and I can’t do shit.”
Maybe Lala had the right idea, cutting her off the alcohol. Sojiro doubts she’d be spilling this
to a relative stranger if she were entirely sober, though she puts up a good show of complete
lucidity.
Or maybe there’s some solidarity, between those who are trapped between the walls of
blissful ignorance and not being able to do anything. God knows it seems to have gotten
Niijima to take the stick out of her ass.
“When all is said and done,” Sojiro says, “You’ll get to write some damn good articles
dragging Shido through the mud.”
“I can’t wait.” Ohya drawls, “I’d like to drag his stupid assassin through the mud, too, but we
can’t all get what we want.”
“No.” Sojiro grimaces, “We can’t.”
***
Ren will stand by the fact that Mementos is an excellent distraction. If Goro weren’t so
insistent on being endlessly contrarian, he’d probably agree. He would have agreed,
begrudgingly, during January, but that sounds like a topic that is equivalent to waving a neon
sign saying Punch Me, so Ren keeps it to himself.
The rest of the thieves definitely agree, at least. All in all, Mementos and their veritable
mountain of requests they’ve been ignoring is all smooth sailing. Mishima will probably cry
tears of joy when Ren finally texts the poor guy back.
When they reach the top floor once again, Morgana wastes no time in bursting back into his
cat-ish form.

“Finally!” He says, like he’s endured a hundred years of hardship, “Freedom!”
“Is bein’ a car like that exhaustin’?” Ryuji asks, brow furrowed, “Like, more or less than
walkin’ around?” He pauses, “Do you need petrol?”
“Obviously not!” Morgana snaps.
Sumire looks very thoughtful, “…Do your organs turn into machinery?” She wonders aloud,
“Or is the engine made of flesh?”
“On second thought, I don’t wanna know.” Ryuji interjects, clapping a hand over Sumire’s
mouth.
Goro smirks, “Well, now I’m curious.”
“I am as well.” Haru chimes in, though she actually looks genuine.
Makoto looks vaguely sick. “Can’t we just debrief and go home?”
Ren finally takes pity, though the twins also look vaguely curious, staring from either side of
the prison door. “Sure. There’s not much to wrap up, though.”
“Some of those guys really grossed me out.” Ann shudders, “And why didn’t you mention
before that our homeroom teacher was being blackmailed!?”
Ren grimaces, and shrugs sheepishly, “She told me in confidence?”
“Well, she’ll be fine now.” Makoto says placatingly. Ann huffs, and waves them off.
“I suppose the more important question is: where do we go from here?” Yusuke interjects.
“Shido’s palace is waiting, and yet our situation with the cleaner is unknown.”
“So, you’ve entirely cleared Ooe and Sato’s palaces, then?” Goro tilts his head, “Calling card
pending, of course.”
“Yup.” Futaba confirms with a pop, “I get the feeling fighting Sato isn’t gonna be smooth
sailing, though. And Joker told me Ooe’s calling card is gonna be finicky.”
“Well, problems were bound to present themselves.” Goro dismisses, the pauses, “What’s
wrong with Sato?”
“I think you broke his brain, dude.” Ryuji says.
First time Ren’s hearing about this. “What?”
“It’s fine.” Makoto quickly cuts in, “His shadow is just… alarmingly self aware.”
“Whoops.” Goro says, with what must be negative remorse, “Well, so long as the treasure
still exists, it can be stolen.”
“It certainly does exist.” Yusuke nods, “We will be fine, I think.”

“So all that’s left really is just figuring out who the Cleaner is…” Sumire trails off, biting at
her lip.
Right.
“I’ll be honest.” Ren shoves his hands in his pockets, “We’re kind of in the dark on that
front.”
“Considering the lack of panicked texts to the group chat, kinda figured.” Futaba deadpans.
“The chief mentioned he was checking in with Ohya and Iwai today.” Morgana says, folding
his arms, “Maybe he’ll turn something up.”
“Probably not today, though.” Ren shakes his head, “I think he’s just getting a lay of the
land.”
“But he might find something.” Morgana insists.
“Maybe so.” Haru says, “But the question still remains if we want to start on Shido’s palace
now, or try and do the Cleaner’s first.”
Ren hums, and frowns, as the other thieves also seem to mull this over.
“…We have a little under a month.” Goro eventually says, “From memory, it took you all
about… three, four days to run the entirety of Shido’s palace?”
“Jeez.” Ryuji mutters.
“I was rushing.” Ren says, sheepish, “And it was about five, actually.”
“That’s a bit more reasonable.” Yusuke comments.
“Knowing our luck, it’ll probably take longer.” Sumire wrings her hands together, “If
Okumura’s palace changed so drastically and… catastrophically.”
“Sis’s palace, too.” Makoto adds uncomfortably, “Crow said it was different.”
“Not by much.” He corrects, “But cognitions can alter the overall function of a palace quite
drastically, it seems, even if the topography is consistent.”
Ren wouldn’t even bet on the topography staying the same. “So we could get Shido’s palace
out of the way, and dedicate the remaining time to the Cleaner?”
“We could use the info we get from Shido’s palace to help us hunt, too!” Ann chimes in,
“Make everything run a bit smoother, yeah?”
Haru looks contemplative, “…Though, wouldn’t we want to change all his subordinate’s
hearts immediately after we deal with Shido? That was the point of the plan, wasn’t it?”

“Oh, right…” Sumire’s eyes widen, “If we change Shido’s heart with so much time to spare,
we’d just be risking…” She frowns, “Would they kill him?”
“Probably not.” Goro acquiesces, “But we certainly don’t want to give them time to prepare.
Similarly, if we just map a route to the treasure and let him simmer; Shido’s paranoid, and
he’s definitely paranoid when he’s got thieves running amok in his head. He could get
reckless if we leave a job half-finished while trying to track down the Cleaner.”
“Damn.” Futaba mutters. “So, if we wanna be safe, we definitely go for the Cleaner first.”
“Sounds like it.” Morgana sighs, “But where do we start?”
“I’m definitely not sittin’ on my ass for this one.” Ryuji says, smacking a fist into his palm,
“Ten heads are better than one, yeah?”
“More, if you count our elder allies.” Makoto says with a satisfied nod. “Though…” She
deflates slightly, “I’m… not sure what we can find that they can’t.”
“We have the Metaverse, don’t we?” Haru points out.
“But we don’t know the guy’s name.” Futaba complains, “That’s the problem.”
“No,” Haru nods, “But someone does. If we can just track down their shadow, or extract
more pertinent information from someone to help aid our investigation in the real world…”
“Ooe didn’t know anything.” Ren reminds them.
“If Sato knows, he won’t be forthcoming.” Makoto adds, “If we get desperate then it’s at least
an avenue to explore, though.”
“And Shido knows nothing, either.” Goro says, beginning to sound frustrated. “This really is
a royal pain.”
“There is a cognition of the guy in Shido’s head, at least.” Ren says, “So we know what he
looks like.”
“Can we do a quick run into Shido’s palace and get his complete physical description?” Haru
asks, “Draw him out, get what we came for, and leave?”
“We could.” Futaba says, “But, uh, remember how Crow got snatched at the courthouse? I
dunno how, but Shido can tell where we enter palaces. If we head to the diet building, he’ll
know, and then we’ll just have the paranoid problem again.”
Oh, right.
“Ah.” Goro intones, slowly, “I admit I have forgotten about that stipulation.”
Futaba snorts, “How’d you forget? It’s freaky as hell.”

“I agree.” He drawls, flat, with an edge of something else Ren can’t quite pinpoint, “I
surprise myself sometimes.”
Haru has gone a bit pale. Ren frowns, and shoots her a questioning glance. She waves him off
with a tense smile.
“So.” She says, “I suppose that isn’t an option, either.”
“It is,” Yusuke corrects, “Just not a risk-free one.”
“I’m starting to think there aren’t any risk-free options.” Ann sighs.
When Ren initially started the Phantom Thieves alongside Ann, Ryuji, and Morgana, he was
under no illusions that their jobs would be risk-free.
His first experience with the Metaverse was nearly getting impaled in his shitty gym
teacher’s cognitive sex dungeon. Anything that might have screamed ‘your safety is
guaranteed in the coming year’ was unceremoniously tossed out the window, with a side of
blood and masks and fire.
And that was fine. Thrilling, even.
It very suddenly wasn’t, when there was a corpse on the other side of steel shutters, and all
Joker could do about it was pound his fists into the metal and try to carve a path.
He couldn’t. How could he have?
Very suddenly, he couldn’t be so blasé. Very suddenly, the thought of putting anyone on the
front lines made ice-cold terror clench around his chest. Very suddenly, Ren was infinitely
glad that there were no important cognitions to be found in Maruki’s laboratory.
Shadows aplenty, to be sure; but Ren doesn’t care for reminders of his failings, even when
the universe is forever insistent on dredging them up again, and again, usually in the form of
some snide remark from one Goro Akechi.
He can’t dwell on it. He hasn’t dwelt on it. It would be wildly impractical, and just a bit
absurd. All his thieves range from highly competent fighters to downright terrifying, and
trying to keep them from throwing themselves into the fray with blood and blades would be a
fool’s errand at best.
But, that doesn’t exactly apply in the real world.
If any of them had access to their personas in reality, they could raze the city if they so chose.
Alas, they cannot. They certainly can’t fight off one, or a gathering of people intent on killing
them. If they toe the line that Shido has set, they’re dead.
Ren will not stand for anyone dying on his watch.
(But, if they do, there’s always-)

Ren will not stand for anyone dying on his watch.
But inaction will be their death sentence, too. A certain one, at that. Risk is all there is.
“Let’s hold off on poking through Shido’s palace for now.” Ren finally decides, “We still
have nearly a month. We have time to try and drag out the Cleaner’s identity elsewhere.”
“And where,” Goro snaps, “Pray tell, should we start?”
Well, that’s the question, isn’t it? Ren keeps his expression flat, “Cast a wide net. Boss, Iwai,
and Ohya are all on the lookout, and I’m sure Niijima will lend a hand if we ask.” Though he
isn’t entirely sure how she can help.
“That still doesn’t cover where that leaves us.” Makoto points out, “Even if some of us have
connections, none of them are to the yakuza.”
“That you know of.” Says Yusuke, a man that Ren is dead certain does not have connections
to the yakuza.
“Well, I can poke around.” Futaba pipes up, “…I don’t know where to start looking, but I can
try.”
“I expect Shido’s servers would be the place to start.” Goro muses, and then cuts her a look,
“But you’ve had trouble accessing those in the past.”
“You don’t have to remind me!” She snaps.
“Does the Cleaner ever appear in public at all?” Haru interrupts, “As a bodyguard, or
suchlike?”
Goro tilts his head, “Potentially.”
“Then- we could go looking for him that way?” Sumire perks up, “See if he appears on any
of the videos of Shido’s speeches, then… try and see if he appears with any other people
online?”
“Hey, that’s somethin’!” Ryuji crosses his arms.
“It sounds… wildly inefficient.” Yusuke frowns.
It is. It barely sounds better than letting Iwai, Ohya, and Sojiro do their work at their pace.
Another little time waster to make them feel accomplished.
( God, Ren misses feeling on top of the world. He misses tripping down hills and mountains
and managing to hit all the right points along the way. He misses being at the end of the road.
There is a fleeting thought, that he wishes he just made the right choice the first time around.
His eyes pass over Goro, an unsettled frown etched into his face. Real, made of blood and
fury and alive.

The thought, fleeting as it is, fades entirely. He can only muster a twinge of regret.)
“But it is something.” Ann counters, “Better than nothing.”
That is certainly true.
(Something. How vague and hopeful a promise. Something could be nothing could be a
whole web to untangle. The spark is better than a blank, but they just need kindling.)
“If we can find who he spends his time with, we might be able to drag some information out
of them in Mementos.” Ren says.
Goro sighs, “This will likely lead us down a myriad dead ends.”
“You got a better idea?”
“At present? No.” He admits.
Damn. Ren was kind of hoping he did.
“Don’t count on it.” Morgana interjects, “You never know what people know. Like Joker
said: cast a wide net.”
“Let’s hope we fish up more than trash.” Goro mutters.
***
The thing is, there isn’t much other than trash to fish up.
Sumire tries, she really does. She looks, and looks, and looks, and she is frankly sick of
staring at Shido’s face and listening to Shido’s voice. A myriad bodyguards and potential
subordinates appear in his speeches that have made it to the internet, and she doesn’t know
where to begin.
None of their names appear anywhere. She checks Ooe’s speeches -the one’s that don’t
happen at the TV studio- and can’t seem to recognise any familiar faces. She, and she’s sure
the other thieves as well, are essentially throwing darts into the void and hoping to find a
dartboard somewhere further down the pit, let alone the bullseye.
Only one night of digging through all of this is enough to convince Sumire that this is a lost
cause. Perhaps it’s too early to throw in the towel, but she’s been agonising long enough to
know what a dead end looks like.
She can only hope that the thread of the Cleaner at large isn’t one of them.
(He isn’t necessary, they all know that. And yet letting him run around unchecked is a risk
they can ill afford, when their own lives are the ones ultimately at stake. She would happily not quite, but close enough- run herself into the ground trying to hunt this man if it means
Goro and Ren and Haru and everyone else will be safe.

The trouble is, running herself into the ground isn’t accomplishing anything.)
Sumire Yoshizawa is, perhaps, the worst equipped person to track down a yakuza assassin.
Second only to the rest of the Shujin student body, several of whom she is uncomfortably
listening to chatter away during their lunch break.
“I’m telling you,” One of the girls -Yamada, she thinks- says, “Something’s happened to
Niijima-senpai.”
Technically, something has. Though nothing so dramatic as to what Yamada is probably
thinking. “I’m sure she’s fine.” Sumire interjects quietly.
Another girl, Kimura, scoffs, “Sure she is, Yoshizawa-chan. She’s totally fine, and that’s why
she’s vanished without a trace. She’s left the student council scrambling, you know.”
Yamada flicks her on the arm, “You don’t get to talk! You’re a first year, you barely do
anything on the student council.”
“Well, I do now!” Kimura complains, “They keep trying to swamp me with stuff. Which isn’t
cool! I have finals to study for!”
Right, exams. Sumire worries for her grades, since they’ll be taking place in the days that
they’ll also be clearing out the palaces and Mementos-bound shadows of Shido’s associates.
“We all do.” Yamada reminds her. “Especially Niijima-senpai, if she keeps missing school.”
“I’m sure she’s fine.” Sumire repeats, “And it’s not really our business, anyway.”
Kimura groans, “I guess.”
These girls almost certainly do not have information about the yakuza. The very notion is
frankly absurd. Sumire keeps talking to them anyway, if only to make herself feel like she’s
accomplishing something.
“I wish they would- I dunno, make the exams easier this year.” Yamada sighs, “We’re
practically going through history right now. They can’t expect us to be fully focused.”
“Wouldn’t they have to do that every few years, then?” Sumire points out, mildly confused,
“For each election?”
Yamada blinks, “Oh, yeah. The election. Well, there is that, but I was talking about the
Phantom Thieves!”
Oh. It’s easy to forget their impact when Sumire is one of them. She’s so wrapped up in their
own problems that she hasn’t stopped to consider public opinion for a while.
“Ugh.” Kimura clicks her tongue, “Them.”
“You love them!” Yamada accuses.

“That was before they killed the Detective Prince!” Kimura waves her arms emphatically,
“They were cool when they were dealing with that creep Kamoshida, but murder is a line I
don’t wanna cross.”
It’s a line the Phantom Thieves (Bar one. Or two. Three, if Sumire sucks it up and counts her
inaction with regard to Kobayakawa) aren’t particularly fond of crossing, either.
“How quickly your loyalties change.” Yamada sighs.
Kimura waves her arms even more violently, “And what about that Okumura guy!”
“He was a CEO.” Yamada points out with a sniff.
“So you’re on their side, then.”
“I didn’t say that.” Yamada quickly corrects.
Sumire stifles her sigh. So much for their fans. Though their affections were fickle to start;
she probably should have expected this, and not just from the precedent set by last timeline.
“I know he was probably shitty.” Kimura inspects her nails with an air of I’m about to make
some political commentary, “But that was messed up. And on live TV, too. And, again!
Akechi-kun!”
“I hope he’s alright.” Sumire offers quietly, “His death isn’t confirmed.”
“Oh, right.” Yamada blinks, her eyes widening, “Yoshizawa-chan, I heard a rumour that you
were friends with him?”
Sumire tries to remember when that started circling around. The school clean-up, maybe?
She vaguely recalls the fact being pried from her. “I- um. Yes.”
“Lucky.” Kimura mutters.
“Not so lucky if he’s hurt.” Yamada smacks her arm.
Kimura sighs, “True, I guess. It’s kinda strange that we haven’t heard anything about what’s
been going on, though.”
“Are you kidding?” Yamada gapes, “There was that whole thing just the other day! They
caught the leader and everything!”
“And then he escaped!” Kimura protests, “Guess their whole shtick is being Phantom
Thieves. I wonder if he’s a ghost?”
Sumire almost snorts. Considering Goro’s laundry list of situations, ‘Ghost’ is hardly the
most inaccurate moniker he could be granted. She isn’t sure if he’d appreciate it. Depends on
his mood, she supposes.

“Get real.” Yamada scoffs. “But, I guess. I wonder if we’re not hearing anything much
because there’s nothing to tell or if it’s because it’s all classified?”
“Ooo, that could be it.” Kimura nods eagerly, “I mean, Akechi-kun was in charge of the
Phantom Thieves case and the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns. Maybe they
don’t want anyone else to be targeted because of that.”
That could be an angle. Shido might not be eager to paint any targets on his subordinates.
That, and the thieves have yet to make any public moves of late. Still, it’s something to
consider.
She isn’t so hopeful as to think that Shido is simply at a loss for how to spin this to the
public. He’s had plenty of time to think. She supposes all that’s left is to wait for the axe fall.
“I feel like something big is going to happen, soon.” Sumire voices with some dread.
Kimura hums with forceful agreement, “Right? There’s this foreboding…”
“Foreboding, which doesn’t get us out of exams.” Yamada reminds her.
Kimura buries her palms into her eyes and groans, “Don’t remind me, please.”
Sumire chuckles, indulging them.
They don’t know anything about the Yakuza, she reminds herself. Sumire has, historically,
been uniquely terrible at fishing for information, and she isn’t about to ask about assassins
outright.
But surely she can get something out of this. A new insight she hadn’t considered, perhaps.
“I wonder if they’re making any progress on the mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdown
cases lately.” Sumire muses aloud.
Yamada blinks, “Aren’t the Phantom Thieves behind that, though? The cases must’ve been
merged by now.”
“Not necessarily.” Sumire pokes at her bento, “There’s no definitive proof that the thieves are
actually behind them. That we know of, at least.”
“It’s bad to make assumptions.” Kimura agrees slowly.
Sumire hums, “Right. I’m just curious, I guess.”
Yamada sighs, “I can’t tell if I’ll laugh or stop listening to the news if the thieves turn out to
be innocent.”
“It’d be nice if they are.” Kimura frowns, “But I doubt it.”
“Y’know, the mental shutdowns kinda remind me of something though.” Yamada leans
forward conspiratorially.

Sumire jerks forward, “Yeah?”
“Just- they’re targeted, right? And they’re being done by someone.” Yamada explains, “Back
when my sister was in high school -she’s way older than me- she said there was this rumour
about a revenge website-”
“What?” Kimura interrupts, “No way.”
Yamada rolls her eyes, “Yeah, I know it sounds stupid, but it’s just what my sister told me,
okay? It was just a rumour, anyway.”
Sumire’s seen stranger. A website where you can get revenge, whatever that is attempting to
imply (Sumire vaguely acknowledges the neon signs blaring in her head that it was probably
murder), is hardly on the scale of ridiculous that she’s used to. Though, it is still rather
bizarre.
It also sounds like the kind of thing that would need assassins to run it. Maybe not their
assassin, but, possibly…?
Sumire sighs through her nose. On second thought, digging for something like that sounds
like she’d be signing up for a one way ticket to get murdered herself. And a computer virus,
to boot.
“When did your sister go to high school again?” Kimura asks suspiciously.
Yamada frowns, “Like, 2009? 2010? I can’t remember.”
“So, forever ago.” Kimura smooshes her cheek into her hand, “That website’s probably long
gone.”
“Not if you look on the dark web.” Yamada says breezily. “And- hey! I thought you didn’t
believe me!”
“I don’t!”
“You’ve been on the dark web?” Sumire blurts, incredulous.
Yamada flushes, “No! I’m just saying, if a website like that still exists, it’d be on the dark
web.”
“That’s fair.” Kimura concedes, “You’ve gotta work on your phrasing, though.”
Yamada groans, “You’re the ones who took it the wrong way.”
“Sorry.” Sumire offers.
“It’s fine.” She dismisses, “Anyway, I’m sure the dark web was, like, the first place the cops
checked. I don’t think it’s actually related to the mental shutdowns. But they do kinda seem
like assassinations, right?”

“They do, a bit.” Kimura looks contemplative, “And, I mean, what else are you gonna call
what happened to Akechi-kun? And everyone else. Does that mean the psychotic breakdowns
are targeted, too?”
“Probably.” Sumire taps her fingers against her desk.
“Okumura definitely was.” Yamada points out, “And if they aren’t, then what? Why else
would someone do all this, if not for a purpose?”
“Random chaos?” Kimura suggests.
“Only half the time, though?”
If the general public were this sceptical and insightful, even if only once in a while, then
perhaps the Phantom Thieves would not be in this problem to begin with. Perhaps, the public
wouldn’t be tripping over themselves to vote for a tyrant.
She isn’t sure if she can blame them for Maruki. She wanted it, too. And they hardly wished
for Maruki exactly.
(They only have themselves to blame for that. Them, and the man himself. Unintentionally
manipulative and omniscient as he is. He brings promises and sweet lies to his lips like it’s
second nature. He’s only so dangerous because he had the power to melt them into truths.
…
How quickly and efficiently could Maruki dig for information to use as ammunition,
anyway?)
“I’m sure we’ll hear more soon.” Sumire says, her thoughts miles away.
She isn’t- will not, consider it.
(Ah, but they are desperate.)

Chapter End Notes

you all had such little faith in me, thinking something horrible was going to go wrong
this chapter. no, shit goes down on later in november instead- [i am dragged off stage]
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! alas, no one today

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: yeah, remember that thing we found out?
Haru and Akechi: The What.
Ren: Oh, yeah, the thing. i suppose we should avoid Shido's palace then
Haru: yeah. yeah maybe we fucking should have
Ren: hm?
Haru: i mean should. future tense.

Chapter 92
Chapter Summary

Digging graves, twice over.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There is something about having business at the Takamaki residence that always feels a bit
off-kilter to Haru.
She and Ann, she will admit, are not particularly close. Nor is she to the Niijimas. She and
Goro certainly are, which is her primary reason for making the unfortunate trip via
Mementos, but she still feels the need to smile and make nice with the others despite their
presence being all together irrelevant to her needs. Ignoring them is far ruder than they
deserve, and far more awkward than she can handle.
(And it’s not like she has any reason to ignore them. Haru thinks Ann and Makoto are quite
lovely, the former near constantly, the latter when she wants to be. She’s just tired, and will
continue to be tired. She ought to bridge the gap, but she’s never known how.
She decides, on the spot, that she will be dragging Goro and Sumire on a long and relaxing
vacation once all of this is over.)
All this to say, that she intends to materialise in the living room rather than directly into what
has become Goro’s bedroom. Maybe she’ll stay for tea. She saw all the thieves just yesterday,
but perhaps someone has made progress already in their collective search. She doubts it, but
building bridges and all that.
Sae Niijima is the only one present in the living room when she arrives, stiffly flipping
through a book, spine rigid and muscles tense. Haru wonders if she shouldn’t have just
skipped the pleasantries anyway.
Niijima’s head snaps up at the sound of shuffling feet, “Haru-san.”
“Niijima-san.” Haru bows her head slightly, “Hello. How are you?”
She snaps her book shut. “I’m well.”
Haru hums.
“And you?” is added as an afterthought.

“I’m quite alright.” Haru lies. She’s awful, actually. She’d like to speak to Goro as soon as
possible about their myriad foolish decisions, but, alas, she’s trapped herself here. She should
have saved this for her way out.
“That’s good.” Niijima says.
“Mm.”
A cough.
“Well.” Haru starts, “I’m here for- well, I should-”
“Are you and Makoto close?” Niijima blurts.
Haru wonders what on earth she’s just stumbled into. “…We’re friends.” She decides,
tentatively. She can never tell if Makoto likes her all that much. And Haru herself; well, she
isn’t bitter about being attacked in Mementos all those months ago, but she certainly
remembers that it happened.
“I see.” Niijima says stiltedly. She swallows, “So- close enough, you would say?”
“…Not as close as you and her, surely.”
A bitter laugh. Haru really isn’t sure what’s being assessed here.
“Have you ever gotten into an argument with her?” Niijima asks, enigmatic.
Mementos once again flashes to the forefront of Haru’s mind. “I… suppose.” She settles on,
“Born of a misunderstanding, and ultimately resolved.”
“Right.” Another pause, “How did you resolve it?”
“By clearing up the misunderstanding, mostly.” And a close shave with the Reaper.
“Wonderful.” Niijima voices, dry.
Haru is beginning to see what information Niijima is trying to extract from her. She supposes
this comes under the purview of building bridges, but she thinks she might be unqualified for
such a sharp leap so soon.
She threads her hands together, “…I find that simply addressing the issue as quickly as
possible is the best course of action.”
“That won’t work.”
She raises an eyebrow delicately, “…Why not?”
Niijima sighs, frustrated, “It just- won’t.”
Haru is hardly an expert on the subject, so she’ll have to take her word for it.

“Why am I asking you, anyway?” Niijima mutters, dragging a hand down her face, “You’re a
child.”
It is a childish urge to insist that she’s not a child, so Haru buries it. “Why not ask Ann-chan,
or Goro-kun?” She offers, “They might have more… actionable advice, with whatever it is
you’re struggling with.”
“Akechi’s half the problem.” Niijima spits, and sighs, “But… maybe Takamaki.”
Goro being the source of this problem is hardly surprising. And Ann might be inclined to be
on Makoto’s side on principal, if this is the kind of argument that requires as such. Haru
elects not to voice this. Niijima seems like she’s agonising enough already.
“Sorry to- sorry.” Niijima says haltingly, “I shouldn’t have sprung this on you.”
Instinct and desperation are two things Haru is quite familiar with. She’s asked stranger
questions. “It’s alright.”
“If you say so.” She picks up the neglected book off the coffee table, “…You’re here to see
Akechi, aren’t you? I won’t keep you.”
“I am. Thank you.” Haru hovers for a moment, despite having been dismissed, before starting
off down the hall.
She doesn’t bother knocking before opening the door. She isn’t sure if it’s because she knows
she’ll be welcome, or if she doesn’t want to bother with the formality. Either way, Goro
startles from where he’s sitting.
“…Come in.” He deadpans.
Maybe not as welcome as she thought. She can’t help the upward quirk of her lips. “Hello to
you, as well.”
He rolls his eyes. “Sit down, if you must.”
Haru takes the offer, tucking her skirt beneath her legs as she hops up on the bed. “…I had
thought you’d be in a better mood, after yesterday.”
Goro scowls, “Didn’t we all.”
“I tend to find destroying shadows quite cathartic.”
He barks a laugh, “I can tell.”
“Are you not the same?” Haru raises an eyebrow.
Goro sighs, “Oh, certainly.” He threads his fingers together, “But catharsis is only effective
for so long. And we’re in a veritable swamp of problems, aren’t we?”

So spending the entire Sunday systematically lowering the shadow population of Mementos
didn’t quite dent the scales for the selection of issues they’ve both stumbled upon and created
for themselves. Haru supposes she can relate.
“And which of these problems are you brooding over today?” She asks lightly.
Another scowl. “I’m not brooding.”
Haru very pointedly looks around the dark room, curtains permanently drawn, lights off, and
not a single piece of entertainment in sight.
“I think you’re brooding.” She tells him.
“I am not.” He insists. “I’m contemplating the shitshow we’ve made for ourselves.”
Haru thinks that the line between brooding and contemplating is rather thin. She also thinks it
doesn’t need to be thin to place Goro very solidly on the brooding side.
She’ll let him win this round. “And what has your contemplation reaped?”
Goro huffs, “Only that the Cleaner is more of an ass than I gave him credit for. And that I
ought to have tracked him down years ago.”
“…His elusiveness is more reprehensible to you than the assassination?” Haru questions.
“I’m an assassin.” He reminds her, “It would be hypocritical.”
Point. But, then again, Goro has had no qualms being hypocritical in the past. Haru has also
had minimal qualms with murder in the past, so she supposes anyone in this situation
attempting to claim the moral high ground would border on ridiculous.
“His phantom-like nature is rather irritating.” She settles on saying.
“Joker ought to sue.” Goro mutters.
She giggles, “If only. Maybe someone would tell us his name if we dragged him to court.”
Goro snorts, and Haru smiles wider.
“Well.” He says, after the moment has passed, “I take you didn’t come here to simply join in
on my pity party.”
“I did, a bit.” She protests, “But there is more, yes.”
He sighs, “Hit me, then.”
Haru bites at her lip, “You remember what Futaba-chan said, yes?”
Goro sighs, extremely weary, “How,” he snips out, “Could I possibly forget?”

Yes, how could they? The knowledge had been tossed out with little fanfare, something that
wasn’t an active threat and nothing that could be acted upon. Haru had been so taken aback
by Goro’s demand to rush off to Shido’s palace to confront his cognition, that any memory
pertaining to the information had simply vacated her mind; a thread not pulled upon by the
situation at hand.
Presumably, the act was equally impulsive for Goro.
Neither such negligence solves their problem.
“They’re going to find out.” Haru says.
“Who?” Goro raises an eyebrow, “Shido? Or the thieves?”
“Shido already knows.” She points out, “He just can’t do anything about it.”
“I suppose not.” He drags a hand down his face.
“Unless he can?”
“No.” Goro shakes his head, “I don’t think so. Nothing points to it. We were just supremely
unlucky, being kicked out of Sae’s palace when we were. Shido was probably counting on us
having to exit the Metaverse at some point, but he either doesn’t know or hasn’t considered
Mementos as a way to sidestep that.”
Haru narrows her eyes, “You’re not sure if he knows?”
“I haven’t told him.” He clarifies, “But that doesn’t mean Wakaba didn’t.”
Ah.
“He has her research.” He adds.
“I know.” She says, “But either way, we’re likely safe from him?”
“Likely so.” Goro confirms. “Probably.”
How reassuring. “At least we haven’t ruined everything.” Haru says, tugging at the sheets.
He snorts, “I wouldn’t count us out yet. Shido might not know how to touch us out here, but
that doesn’t mean his palace won’t be a nightmare. Especially now that we’ve done him the
courtesy of tripping the alarms.”
Haru supposes she should prepare herself for very abruptly falling out of Ren’s good graces.
And everyone else’s, for that matter. She’ll have Goro on her side, at least. Maybe Sumire
will pity her. Or maybe not, since they left her out of the ill-advised excursion.
“Maybe he’ll diminish the threat after we don’t act for several weeks.” Haru suggests, with a
tad too much hope.

“Unlikely.” Goro dashes those hopes very quickly, “He’ll probably just grow more paranoid.
Or overconfident, which is arguably worse in a cognitive space.”
True. It wouldn’t do for the man to suddenly delude himself into thinking he’s invincible. At
least brute force tends to shatter such illusions where necessary.
“Should we tell them?” Haru asks.
“Hm?”
“The thieves.” She clarifies. “Ren-kun. Waiting until we set foot in Shido’s palace will only
dig our graves deeper.”
“Unless,” Goro counters, “We’ve been blowing this out of proportion, and Shido’s palace
will be exactly as it should be in a few weeks time.”
“Do you really want to take that gamble?” Haru asks, halfway exasperated.
“I’m a gambling man.” Goro says darkly.
She hums, “Meaning…?”
“Meaning I have no idea.”
“Wonderful.” Haru slumps.
She understands Goro’s hesitance. She understands it very well, in fact. She does not want to
face this in the slightest— she had assumed any consequences for their sojourn would be
immediate in nature, wrought by bullets or knives or spells.
The last time anyone kept secrets in their band of thieves, it ended very poorly. They have an
opportunity to nip it in the bud.
Haru dearly wishes she was in on the time travel crowd. And that she could bend it to erase
far pettier mistakes.
“We should tell them.” She decides, with appropriate gravity and dread.
“Ah.” Goro eyes her, “Are you certain?”
“Are you?”
“Clearly not.”
“Then I’ll be certain for the both of us.” She draws herself up, “We should tell them. Before
this gets any worse than it needs to.”
Goro makes a pained face, “You’re right.” He grits, “Of course you are.”
Haru smiles.

“I do hate you for it.”
She frowns.
“Not really.” He amends. “Well, a little bit.”
Haru laughs, “Can I assume you’re dreading this confrontation as much as I am?”
“It doesn’t have to be a confrontation.” He corrects.
It likely will be, once Ren catches wind of it. “We’ll be as delicate as we can.”
“We?”
Haru frowns again, “Were you thinking of leaving me to explain alone?”
Goro blinks. “No.” His eyebrows draw together slightly, “I thought I was going to have to
explain on my own.”
“Well, you won’t.” She says primly, “I should have tried harder to stop you, anyway.”
“You didn’t try very hard at all.”
“I remember.”
Goro smirks, like this is all suddenly very amusing, “I suppose we’ve dug our graves
together, then.”
Haru laughs, because they certainly have.
“When are we going to get this done, then?” She asks.
“Well.” He begins, “The longer we leave it, the more likely one of us will end up getting
stabbed.”
“By who?”
“Ren.” He answers immediately, “Or Sumire.”
“Sumi-chan wouldn’t.” Haru insists.
“She might.”
She might. Haru sincerely doubts she would literally stab either of them, or anyone, for that
matter, but that’s nothing to say of the other categories of response they may receive.
Turnabout is fair play, but there’s still a measure of cruelty in it. Haru knows she’s a
hypocrite.
Goro presses his lips together, tense, or irritated, “Tomorrow, I suppose.”

Haru sighs, defeated. “Tomorrow.”
“Oh.” He pauses, “By the way. Makoto already knows.”
Haru stares, “She…?”
“She noticed I was missing, the night we went out.” Goro explains, surprisingly calm. “She
called me on it.”
“I am astounded,” Haru says slowly, “That the rest of the thieves have not also been made
aware of this fact.”
Goro shrugs, “She can’t take the high ground here, so she won’t.”
Haru had assumed her aforementioned hypocrisy would be a trait shared amongst myriad
other thieves. Perhaps the blatant tattle-tale nature of the act swayed Makoto to keep her
mouth shut.
“She doesn’t seem the type to have forgotten Futaba’s discovery.” Haru comments.
“Neither are we.” Goro points out. Alas, and yet. “Besides, I didn’t tell her where we went.
Just that we went.”
Haru presumes that Makoto will not be happy to hear that the situation is likely worse than
she assumed. So much for building bridges. Perhaps Sae will have more luck. Or not, if she
was turning to Haru for advice.
“Tomorrow.” Haru repeats.
Goro clicks his tongue, and looks to be planning his funeral. “Should you summon everyone,
or should I?”
“You still don’t have a phone, no?” Haru points out, “It’s my turn to be cryptic, then.”
Goro snorts, “That it is.”
***
As little as Akechi wants to reveal what can only be classified as a joint misdemeanour, the
bracing conversation has at least reminded him that he’s still lacking in a way to
communicate with those outside of this apartment.
He is, of course, now allowed to leave. Still requiring outside assistance to do so rubs him the
wrong way for a multitude of reasons.
The tense atmosphere in the apartment has yet to dissipate, with both Sae and Makoto
predictably dragging their feet in reconciling.
Perhaps he’s being unfair. It’s only been two days. Then again, Ann has clearly picked up on
it, and her awkward laughter when caught between frigid stares has done little to help the

situation. The air only grows more oppressive as Haru leaves for the day, the two of them
solemnly resigning themselves to their fate come tomorrow.
He still needs his damn phone. He can stomach the living room long enough to demand that.
Sae looks especially unhappy, when Akechi catches her in the midst of not reading the book
in her hands.
“You still have my phone, yes?” He asks without preamble.
Sae looks unimpressed by his cutting to the chase, though the intimidation factor is nullified
somewhat by the deep circles under her eyes. “I do.”
Akechi holds out a hand expectantly.
“Do you know,” Sae says, very dry, very disdainful, “That there is a wonderful magic word
called-”
“Are you serious?”
“If you don’t believe me, I’m sure Takamaki-san has a dictionary lying about somewhere.”
She says smugly.
“She does.” Akechi had taken to reading it in a particularly dour fit of boredom.
“Well, look at that.” Sae mutters, turning back to her book.
Akechi stares, and waits. “…Are you holding my phone hostage?”
“Why do you need it?” She questions.
He rolls his eyes, “Because the only reason you’ve been hanging onto it is so I can’t run off
into the Metaverse.”
“As you tend to do, so I hear.”
He glares, “It’s well within my right to do so. And I’m not injured anymore, if that happened
to be among your main concerns.”
Sae freezes, before tapping at the page she’s opened to absently, “…I suppose it was.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow. He would have thought Sae would be more wary of handing a
known killer his favourite weapon. Not that he particularly intends to use it as such, but she
doesn’t know that.
“…Can I have it back?” He asks again when the silence drags a bit too long.
Sae cuts him a suspicious look, “You’re more eager than usual.”
Akechi pastes on his very best TV smile, just for her, “I’ve acted similarly in the past.”

“Let me rephrase.” Sae looks vaguely disgusted, which is rude. “You’re more demanding
than usual.”
He can’t really refute that, so he won’t. “Is it so hard to believe I’m sick of being caged in
here?”
“I’m stuck here, too.”
“How terrible for you.” Akechi deadpans, “You’re still holding my ticket out.”
Sae slowly removes his phone from her pocket, but doesn’t hand it over. “Do you have a
destination in mind?”
“A walk around the block.”
She looks surprised, “That’s it?”
“Yes.” He answers truthfully.
Something passes over Sae’s face as she snorts. “Didn’t you take a trip out of the house just
yesterday?”
“And?” Akechi sneers, “I’d like to do it again.”
“Don’t we all?” Sae mutters. She shoots him another searching look, “Is there a reason you’re
so desperate to have this today, and not tomorrow?”
Maybe he should have come at this with a gentler hand. Or maybe that would have just made
her equally suspicious, and he just can’t win.
Akechi drops his hand to his side. “I fucked up.” He admits.
Sae looks alarmed, “You—?”
“It’s nothing as dramatic as you’re envisioning.” He says breezily, “But I imagine there will
be objections to my free reign in the Metaverse after tomorrow, and I’d like to secure my way
in before that happens.”
“You realise you aren’t convincing me in the slightest?”
“I wasn’t doing that before, either.” He points out.
She ignores him, “It sounds like giving you free reign, as you put it, is just giving you another
avenue to fuck up some more.”
How blunt. “I won’t.” He says, more out of obligation than anything else, “But If I’m trapped
here for any longer, I’ll go crazy. I just want to take a damn walk.”
Sae stares him down, before she huffs.

“Even when you are saying quite possibly the most suspicious things you’ve ever said,” She
grouses, “You’re remarkably convincing.”
“Surely I’ve been more suspicious in the past.”
“I never quite picked up on any of the I’m secretly an assassin hints you’ve dropped in the
past,” Sae says drily, “So, no.”
In hindsight, he had genuinely —if accidentally— been dropping some such hints. Sae likely
wont appreciate this fact.
He tilts his head, “…And?”
Sae grits her teeth. “You want to go outside now?”
“Preferably.”
She stands abruptly, “Fine.” She snaps, “I’ll give your phone back. But take me with you.”
Akechi scowls, “Is this your stipulation? You hover and keep an eye on me?”
“No.” Sae says, “But if I stay cooped up in here much longer, I’ll go crazy too.”
Well, Akechi thinks as Sae finally drops his phone into his hand, he can hardly say no to that.
***
It’s been two days since Sojiro pulled up his bootstraps and decided to contact Ohya and
Iwai, and he’s been dragging his feet ever since.
Back in the days when he had a job that actually netted him an income, this would not have
disturbed him. He had a multitude of odds and ends to attend to, and even the most important
of assignments could be pushed back a few days at a time.
Unless, of course, Shido or Wakaba were involved. God help him if he tried to shirk their
respective demands and requests.
Shido is definitely involved in this project of his. Wakaba technically is, a few times removed
and beyond a veil or two, but Sojiro will still count it.
Their presence (ghostly or otherwise) is exactly why he’s avoiding his task, however.
He isn’t afraid of them. Not really. He used to be, for a time— he could probably say it’s why
he quit. Shido’s eyes were just a bit too sharp and Wakaba’s words just a bit too evasive and
Sojiro had enough. Distance does wonders for dulling the knives of each.
Distance does nothing for dulling the distinctly more literal knives he may encounter if he
fucks this up.

He’s old. He doesn’t mind danger so much anymore— hey, he’d even go so far as to say he
misses it. But he’s got two kids and a cat to take care of (and, a whole wealth of extra kids if
he dabbles in honesty) and he’s not going to pull on strings recklessly at the risk of sending
something toppling down on top of them.
But he does need to pull strings. Just: delicately.
Eventually.
Sojiro sighs, and wonders if calling up the Niijima lady for not-advice would count as
progress. The shop’s main regulars passed through hours ago and he’s sick of polishing the
same glass five times over.
The bell chimes. Sojiro quirks a brow as someone enters, a built man in a rather impressive
suit; crisp, a bit too fancy for what could very well be hired muscle.
“Welcome.” Sojiro grunts, nonetheless, “Bit late for coffee.”
The man chuckles, “Good thing you serve curry.”
“Yeah.” Sojiro deadpans, setting down the now-pristine mug on the counter with a clink,
“Great.”
The man takes a leisurely seat at the bar (the detective kid’s old chair, funnily enough). “Just
one plate, Boss.”
Is this a new intimidation tactic? Asking politely to be served? Sojiro can’t decide if it’s
working, but he at least hopes that he’ll be paid for his troubles before this gets ugly.
“Coming right up.” He says after a beat, and tries not to turn his back as he shuffles off to the
kitchen, pot of curry simmering away.
One shoddily arranged plate of rice and curry slid carelessly to the correct seat later, the man
forgoes taking a bite, and instead steeples his fingers. “So tell me, Boss. How’ve ya been?”
“Have we met?” Sojiro asks, fumbling in his pocket for a cigarette. He’s tried and somewhat
failed to kick the habit when he took in Futaba, and again when he took in Ren, but he thinks
this situation warrants a smoke. He doesn’t get not-quite-threatened very often, anyway.
The man grins, “You wound me, Boss.”
“I’ll take that as a no.”
“Sharp.” Is the flat response.
“You gonna give me a name to work with, here?”
“Oh, sure.” The man makes a show of patting himself down for a business card, and shrugs
when he turns up nothing. “Tanaka will work just fine.”

“Uh huh.” Sojiro digs around in his apron for a lighter after successfully fishing out a loose
cigarette. “Do you mind?” He gestures vaguely, not waiting for a response as he lights it up
anyway.
Tanaka has a general air of amusement, “No, I don’t.” He picks up his spoon, “But I’d think
your kids do.”
There it is. Sojiro tries very hard not to bite down on the cigarette in his mouth.
“This is good.” Tanaka comments mildly around a mouthful of curry.
“Thanks.” Sojiro snaps.
“No, really.” Tanaka pushes, “This whole place is lovely.”
Sojiro rolls his eyes. “By all means, burn it to the ground. The insurance payout is worth
more than if I tried to sell it off.”
“And when did I even imply such a thing?” Tanaka looks hurt, “I just said this place was
lovely.”
“Mm.”
“Despite the fact it reeks of smoke.” He continues, “Your kids-”
“You know.” Sojiro interrupts, “Usually, when I threatened someone, I’d tell them what the
hell I’m asking for.”
Tanaka chuckles, “You have no flair for dramatics, Boss. Let a man set the stage.”
“I’m not a fan of method acting.”
“As I said.” Tanaka makes an mm sound around another mouthful of curry, “I implied no
such thing.”
“Should I play a guessing game on who you work for?” Sojiro grits.
Tanaka flashes a knife grin, “I think you’re already well aware, Boss.”
Shido really was far too reliant on a teenager if this is how his lackeys conduct business these
days. Sojiro really misses a good old-fashioned Nice place you got, shame if something
happened to it. Here’s an itemised list of my demands.
“I am aware.” Sojiro says, and takes another drag, “You should head off and tell your boss
that I terminated my employment nearly three years ago. Not sure if he forgot.”
Tanaka chuckles, “I’d love to, Boss. Small problem.”
“Which would be?”

“That’s not what I’m here for.” Tanaka looks him up and down, “Even if he wanted you back
in action, you’re hardly in your prime anymore.”
It’s only been three years. Though he concedes said years have not been particularly kind to
his knees. Or his back. Or his nerves.
Sojiro sighs, and douses his cigarette in the ash tray he keeps behind the counter, “Then what
the hell are you here for?”
“See, the boss was real vague.” Tanaka drawls.
“Never a good sign.”
“Yeah.” Another spoonful of curry, “Terrible sign, usually. Means my job is a pain in the ass.
And probably means the guy on the other end is about to have a terrible time, too.”
(Sojiro wonders, in a moment of frustrated clarity, if this guy is the Cleaner.
It’s possible. Certainly so if Sojiro is enough of an annoyance, which he usually is when it
comes to Shido. Though he thinks he’s been doing an excellent job of keeping his head down
these past years.
But, even if he is, that knowledge is supremely unhelpful. If this guy’s name is actually
Tanaka, Sojiro will light Leblanc on fire himself.)
“How awful for you.” Sojiro intones, flat.
Tanaka hums, “I know.”
“Has your stage been thoroughly set yet?”
He chuckles, “I’m getting there. Right now, actually.” He leans forward, “See, the boss is real
curious about that Isshiki lady’s old work.”
Ah.
Sojiro isn’t sure if he ought to be relived or not. Maybe he will be, the day people stop
coming to him of all people to try and dig up ghosts.
“That’s too bad.” He says, and wishes he hadn’t put out that cigarette. “I’ve got nothin’ for
him.”
“Really.” Tanaka says.
“Yep.”
“The boss seems to think otherwise.”
“The boss can think all he likes.” Sojiro scoffs, “Doesn’t change the fact that I know nothing.
Anything Wakaba said to me flew right over my head.”

“But she did say things to you.” Tanaka points out.
“Sure.” Sojiro shrugs, “But she said a lot of things. Nothing I can remember in the specifics.”
Tanaka stares.
“Didn’t Shido have copies of all her stuff anyway?” Sojiro points out, “What the hell does he
need me for?”
“No idea.” Tanaka leans back in the stool, “But he’s been… antsy, ever since that business
with the Phantom Thieves.”
“The business with the Phantom Thieves is still happening.”
“That it is!” Tanaka laughs, “I suppose I can’t complain. I’ve been getting more work lately.”
Presumably because Shido’s favourite assassin defected just the other week. “Well,
congratulations.”
“Yeah.” Another piercing stare. “You know anything about all that?”
(Is he curious, or did Shido ask? Did he notice how Sojiro tensed, or did he just find a
convenient segue?)
“Not a clue.” Sojiro says evenly, “I’ve been avoiding the news, lately.”
“A man like you, not even staying up-to-date?”
“I’m sick of looking at Shido’s face.”
Tanaka cackles, “Aren’t we all! I have to work with the guy, I don’t need to see him on my
TV, either.”
A sentiment Sojiro surely would have shared if he kept up the government work. Sojiro
might also be dead if he kept up the government work, so he abandons the train of thought.
Tanaka pulls out a wallet, rifling though some bills, “Boss’s gonna be real disappointed you
had nothing to say to him.”
Sojiro snorts, “What does he want? A postcard?”
“A postcard of this place would look nice.” Tanaka comments mildly. “Might last longer.
How much do I owe you?”
Sojiro levels a glare at him for that particularly unsubtle insinuation, and taps the hanging
sign above his head.
“Right, gotcha.” Tanaka drawls, sliding the requisite money over. He stands, the stool
screeching so loudly that it must have scuffed the floors. Sojiro will have to fix that,
assuming the place lasts that long. “I’ll be seeing you, Boss.”

“I’m sure you will.”
“Who knows? Maybe I’ll be back with better questions.”
“One can only hope.” Sojiro deadpans.
Tanaka chuckles, and throws up a hand in farewell, the bell clanging loudly as he shuts the
door none too gently.
Well then.
Sojiro slowly picks up the scraped-clean plate and dumps it in the sink. That’ll be Ren’s
problem for later.
Or maybe it’ll be no one’s problem, depending on what Sojiro decides to do next.
There are two paths to take here.
As far as he knows, Shido has no knowledge of Leblanc’s connection to the thieves. If he did,
surely it would have already been raided five times over, scouring for both the members and
any information relating to the cognitive world he can get his mitts on.
A passing suspicion, then? Even if that were the case, Shido isn’t really at the point where he
needs an excuse to act on a hunch. Either he really is just fishing for any last thing that
Wakaba left behind, or he’s just testing the waters.
And, thus, what to do next?
Sojiro does not want to be caught unawares the next time Shido sends someone his way. He
certainly doesn’t want Ren, or worse, Futaba, to be present while it happens either.
So he can either push his luck, or get the hell out of dodge on a passing fear.
Sojiro sighs, giving the shop a once-over.
Well, maybe they’ll leave the place alone if it’s half abandoned, anyway.
There’s a buzz in his pocket. He scowls, and takes it out.
Futaba: soooo
Futaba: should i pack my stuff
Sojiro sighs again, louder and more obvious this time. He forgot she likes to keep her ears on
everything she can. He texts back an affirmative, and wonders what the hell he can
reasonably rescue from the shop before it presumably gets torn apart.
***
Ren comes home to a mess.

This is business as usual for the attic. He kept it relatively spotless last timeline, but
something about consistent misery and stress has led him into a series of bad habits,
including leaving his dirty laundry and thieving materials strewn about on the floor. Morgana
has complained about this on many occasions.
This mess is not contained to the attic.
“What the…?” Morgana pokes his head out of the bag as the bell above the door tinkles to a
stop.
“Hey.” Sojiro says, frowning at several textbooks and trying to pile them into a dufflebag.
“Sup.” Futaba says, in the middle of… dismantling a computer?
“Uh.” Ren blinks.
“Leblanc’s compromised.” Futaba explains, “Maybe. So you gotta pack your stuff.”
“What?” Morgana yowls, sounding as panicked as Ren feels.
“Some shady guy showed up.” Futaba continues.
“Mighta been your guy.” Sojiro adds.
“Might’ve been.” Futaba nods, “But it’s not like we got his name, so we’re still square one
there.”
“Okay.” Ren says, slowly, “And…?”
“He just asked for more information about Wakaba.” Sojiro waves a hand, “But if he comes
looking for more, I’m not risking it.”
Morgana leaps out of the bag, “That’s fair.”
“Sure is.” Futaba unscrews something else from the desktop casing.
“…So should I…?” Ren gestures to the attic.
“Quickly, if you can.” Sojiro grunts.
“I’ll help.” Futaba abandons her PC, “How much stuff do you have, anyway?”
“Two cardboard boxes’ worth.” Ren guesses, jogging up the stairs, Morgana on his heels.
Ren frowns as he crests the top of the stairs and surveys the attic.
“Wow.” Futaba exclaims, “Its messy in here.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying.” Morgana chimes in.

“Not important.” Ren cuts them both off, scooping a pile of dirty shirts out from one of the
myriad corners.
Morgana paces the room in a circle, his lack of opposable thumbs getting him out of packing
duty. “You should probably take down the Phantom Thieves’ banner.”
Ren had, for a second timeline in a row, thought it was a hilarious purchase. “Probably.”
“D’you think all this junk can somehow link you back to all your friends?” Futaba asks,
pointing to the shelves with Ren’s various knick-knacks.
“They’re not junk.” He protests, “But, maybe. Dump it in the box. Carefully.”
“Will do.” Futaba starts tossing stuff in.
“That’s not very carefully.”
“We gotta go quick.”
“Is it really that bad?” Morgana asks worriedly.
Futaba pauses in her scooping, “Well, they’re probably not coming here now.” She concedes.
“But I don’t want to risk it, if they are.”
“Where are we even going?” Morgana pushes.
“Dunno.” Futaba shrugs, “Sojiro might have a place lined up.”
Ren doubts it, if this truly was so sudden. “…Haru texted the group chat that she wanted to
meet up today.”
Futaba frowns, “She did.” She whips out her phone, “I’ll text everyone to make sure they’re
not on their way here already.”
“They won’t get a text if they’re in Mementos.” Morgana points out.
“True.” Futaba says, “But that’s a whoever’s-in-Mementos problem.”
“Us, shortly.” Ren quips.
Futaba hums, “But, again, where?”
Ren mulls it over. “…I don’t know how urgent Haru’s thing is. Hopefully it’s nothing, but we
should probably address it just in case it isn’t.”
“It can be a double meeting, then.” Morgana leaps up on the couch, “We talk about getting
evicted, Haru talks about whatever she needs to.”
“Our last meeting that wasn’t in the Metaverse was in Leblanc.” Futaba frowns.

“Well, half our group is already at Lady Ann’s.” Morgana says, tail flicking, “Even if we’re
not staying there, it’s good to make a pitstop. Plus, that means we can loop Niijima in
immediately as well.”
“True.” Ren nods, “Ann’s it is.”
Futaba suddenly groans, “Are we gonna have to walk all the way there?”
“You have me, remember?” Morgana interjects drily, “It’ll even be comfortable, without nine
people trying to cram in.”
Ren pauses in his haphazard packing, and frowns. Sojiro will probably be grossed out by the
very concept of the Monabus. At the same time, the alternative is showing off his piss-poor
driving and possibly getting a lecture out of it.
Ren sighs. He’ll live.
“Almost done.” He announces, tearing the Phantom Thieves banner off the wall and tossing it
on top of his box of clothes.
“Yep!” Futaba agrees, very awkwardly trying to lay a massive shogi piece on top of all of
Ren’s other trinkets. She scoops up the box, “Downstairs-ho!”
Morgana leaps up to take residence on Ren’s shoulders as they all trot back down the stairs,
back to the sight of Sojiro still scowling over some books.
“Why bother with the textbooks?” Ren asks dubiously.
“They were Wakaba’s.” Sojiro explains. “She didn’t write them, but I don’t know if she wrote
annotations, and I’m not gonna look through all of these to check. I don’t want anything
getting back to Shido if I can help it.”
“Makes sense.” Futaba says vaguely, eyeing the books almost hungrily.
Sojiro regards her for a moment, before waving a hand, “You can take a look if you like, once
we settle down somewhere.”
“Thank you.” She says, quickly enough that it sounds like one word, as she gets back to
dismantling her computer.
“How long is that gonna take?” Morgana asks.
“Not long.” Futaba doesn’t look up, “It’s kinda like a puzzle set, see? It all fits in real neat.”
She pauses, groaning as she has to grab the screwdriver again, “’Cept the parts I went
overboard with.”
“How could you not have foreseen that you’d be on the run from the government some day?”
Ren deadpans, “For shame.”

Futaba sticks out her tongue, “This thing is my baby.” She declares, “I’m not leaving it
behind, or risking anything getting jumbled or cracked while still in the case.”
“Fair enough.” Sojiro interjects. “You kids know where we’re headed?”
“Ann’s.” Ren says, and takes out his phone, “Via Mementos.”
Sojiro’s expression says more than enough about how exactly he feels about that. He eyes all
their luggage, “Can we take stuff with us?”
“So long as we have a hand on it, I think.” Futaba says, followed by a triumphant cry as the
last piece of her PC comes loose. She delicately lays it in a cardboard box of her own,
shoving the case in another. “Done!”
Sojiro gives up on tetris-ing his own belongings, tossing the rest of the books in a bag with
little fanfare. “We ready, then?”
Ren walks over to flick off the lights, and then shoves both of his boxes together, and grabs
the touching edges with one hand. “This might be unpleasant.” He warns.
Sojiro grunts something that’s probably adjacent to a dismissal.
Ren shrugs, glancing around to check the blinds are all drawn and that no one is peering in.
“Mementos.”
Beginning Navigation.
The transition is as smooth as its ever been. Which is to say, as unpleasant as Ren predicted.
There’s an imbalance to go with the usual disorientation, the swirling reds and blacks. The
leap between realities apparently considers Ren’s luggage and extension of him, his centre of
gravity suddenly too far to the right. He can imagine Futaba has it the worst, her own luggage
more than Ren’s and Sojiro’s combined.
“Hate that.” Sojiro grouches as everything settles.
“You’ll hate this even more!” Futaba says cheerily, swinging the door open with a muffled
chime.
“Don’t forget your stuff.” Ren calls. He’s not carrying it for her.
Futaba bursts back in the door, “Yeah, yeah. But first: Mona! Do your thing!”
“Now?” Morgana complains, now standing on two legs.
“We need a place to put our stuff!”
“Ugh.” Morgana rolls his eyes, hopping out onto the street, “Make it cool.” He says under his
breath.
Ren smirks, “Look away, Sojiro.” He says with the utmost seriousness, “It’s not decent.”

“Don’t make it weird!” Morgana yowls, scandalised.
Sojiro just looks vaguely baffled, “What’s happening?”
“We’re getting our ride.” Futaba says by way of explanation.
“Right…”
Before Sojiro can ask any further questions, there’s a bang, and a puff of smoke, leaving a
giant van where Morgana once stood.
“What.”
“Alrighty.” Ren swings open one of the doors, “Get your stuff.”
“Make it quick!” Morgana demands over the radio, “Just sitting here like this is weird!”
“I-” Sojiro cuts himself off, and rubs at his temples. “Okay. I shouldn’t be surprised, really.”
“I knew he wouldn’t be impressed…” Morgana mutters dejectedly.
Ren pats the hood of the van, “You’ll get ‘em next time, Mona.”
“Were Haru, Yoshizawa, and Akechi impressed last time?”
Hm. “Haru was.”
There’s a defeated groan, and Ren supposes he ought to start grabbing his boxes.
It takes ten minutes, give or take, to pile everything in the back seats. Futaba claims shotgun
immediately, keeping the box with all her computer parts securely in her lap. Ren shares a
look with Sojiro, waiting to see who will back down first.
“You don’t have a license.” Sojiro eventually says.
“Good thing there aren’t any cops around.” Ren counters. “And do you want to drive the
cat?”
“Hey!”
“Well, when you put it that way…” Sojiro grumbles as he pulls open the door for the second
row of seats. He pauses, one foot in the van, “If I see any reckless driving, I’m taking over.”
“You got it, Boss.” Ren says, hopping into the driver’s seat. He’ll abstain from vehicular
shadow-slaughter today. Not that there are any on the surface to begin with.
“You know the way?” Sojiro asks.
Futaba snickers, as there’s a green glow, and the outline of her mask flickers and vanishes in
blue fire, “He does now!” She holds out her arm, pointing straight ahead, “That way.”

“Thank you, Oracle-GPS.” Ren salutes her.
“I accept cash as payment.”
Maybe Ren should run over some shadows, in that case.

Chapter End Notes

why, hello again! my semester is over, finally, but i won't be bringing the schedule back
up to once a week just yet. I need to make sure my pace is fast enough in my newfound
freedom before i decide on that lmao
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! we may be back to the hellish days of no rank ups. get your shit together,
Akechi
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sojiro: hold on, i need to run back to the real world to light Leblanc on fire
Ren: that's? my home?
Sojiro: Sure, but this way we get the insurance money. Plus Shido doesn't get the
satisfaction

Chapter 93
Chapter Summary

Lessons thoroughly not learned, and searching for shelter

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire can’t help the shroud of dread that hangs over her after Ren’s text to meet at Ann’s
apartment. Perhaps it’s the different location that throws her off.
All told, it’s a reasonable place to meet. A majority of their group takes residence there
anyway, and yet she can’t help but feel something is off. A loose pane of glass, ready to take
the rest of the window with it.
She’s probably wrong. It’s probably paranoia. She’s spinning a web out of nothing, and this
will just be a completely normal, standard meeting, wherein Haru’s cryptic text the day prior
was simply poor phrasing and isn’t all that pressing.
This fleeting hope is dashed once she arrives in Ann’s apartment, nearly tripping over the
Sakura’s luggage as she materialises out from the Metaverse.
“Hi, Sumire.” Ren says, not commenting on the mess, “That’s everyone, then.”
Goro hums vaguely. He looks a bit like a man marching to the gallows, and Haru’s
expression isn’t much cheerier.
A simple scan of the room tells Sumire that no one is dead, so that’s something at least.
“Is there any reason Niijima and I need to be here?” Sojiro comments, looking a bit awkward.
“Well, it’d be weird if you left.” Ryuji points out.
“And you may as well sit in.” Haru adds.
“If you insist.” Sojiro grumbles.
“So…” Ann looks between Haru and the pile of belongings currently littering her kitchen,
“Who wants to go first?”
“Guess we’ll start.” Futaba tucks her knees to her chest and shuffles forward, “So, uh,
someone real shady showed up at Leblanc this afternoon.”

There are a few grunts of alarm, and Sumire feels her gut clench. “Define shady.” Yusuke
says warily.
“As in, maybe-the-Cleaner shady.” Ren chimes in.
“He certainly gave off a distinct impression.” Sojiro sighs, “I’m not one-hundred percent sure
that Leblanc and our house is fully compromised, but…”
“Better not to risk it.” Sae finishes. “Understandable. You have direct ties to the conspiracy, if
once or twice removed. You’re a person of interest from several angles.”
“I remember.” Sojiro cuts her a pointed look. “But, yeah. I don’t think Shido’s linked any of
you kids to the thieves, but I don’t want to give him the chance to get any closer.”
“If he knew,” Goro says flatly, “He would have sent more than just someone to threaten you.”
“My line of thinking exactly.” Sojiro leans back in his corner of Ann’s couch.
“So where will you be staying, then?” Makoto pipes up.
“Haven’t figured that out yet.” Morgana sighs.
“This place is -uh- getting kind of crowded.” Ann admits, “I’d offer, but…”
Ren waves a hand, “You’re doing plenty already, Ann.”
“We’ll sort somethin’ out.” Ryuji says, “But, I’m kinda curious. Like- why now?”
Sae frowns, “What do you mean?”
“Like- if Shido still doesn’t know who we are, why go after Boss and Leblanc?” He
elaborates.
“Tanaka gave the excuse of hunting for Wakaba’s research.” Sojiro says, “I would’ve figured
he had it all already, but maybe there’s something in particular he’s looking for.”
Haru and Goro share a look. Sumire tilts her head at them, and they both tense.
“…He may be getting paranoid.” Haru offers after a beat.
“Well, we haven’t made any public moves since Akechi-kun’s jailbreak.” Yusuke comments,
“Perhaps he’s getting antsy.”
“Could be.” Ren agrees.
“Or.” Goro grits, “There could be a more direct cause and effect.”
Makoto raises an eyebrow, “Such as?”
There’s another pause, as Goro presses his lips together.

“…Is this related to what you wanted to talk about, Haru-senpai?” Sumire guesses, rather lost
as to where this is going. It can’t be good, else someone would have spit it out by now.
Sae gives Goro a sharp look, “What did you do?”
“Oh, don’t give me that.” He snaps.
“Shido’s paranoia may be linked to recent activity in his palace.” Haru announces primly,
which says absolutely nothing and absolutely everything simultaneously.
Ann immediately buries her head in her hands, “Oh my god.”
“That’s where you went?!” Makoto blurts, rounding on the two of them.
“Hold on.” Ryuji waves his hands, “Hold up.”
Sumire thinks this is probably worse than anything she could have cooked up in her anxietyriddled brain. Aside from the lack of deaths, of course.
Ren is eerily quiet.
“So you’re saying you went to Shido’s palace.” Futaba says flatly. “After we said-”
“Yes.” Goro hisses, “That is exactly what happened.”
“What on earth possessed you to do such a thing?” Yusuke blinks, aghast.
“Temporary insanity?” Haru offers weakly.
“General impulsivity.” Goro adds.
“How long ago was this?!” Morgana demands, leaping up onto the back of the couch, tail
lashing.
“On the fifteenth.” Makoto says.
“And why,” Ren says, “Do you know?”
“Because I caught them coming back!” Makoto snaps, and whirls back around, “I didn’t
know you went to Shido’s palace!”
“That’s because I didn’t tell you.” Goro deadpans. “What, would you have snitched if you
knew?”
“Yes!”
Sumire…
…Isn’t actually sure if she’s allowed to be angry. Though, it isn’t as though hypocrisy isn’t
already rampant among their number.

She can’t quite muster anger, when she tries. She gets about as far as frustration before
resignation takes hold.
“…Fill me in.” Sojiro says over the increasingly angry mutterings and accusations being
tossed back and forth, “This is bad?”
“Yes!” Futaba shouts, “It’s awful! No wonder Shido sent some goon to Leblanc! He both
consciously and subconsciously knows someone’s been rooting around in his head!”
“…If it was seven days ago, then maybe it isn’t related.” Sumire offers a very poor defence.
“No way you’re on their side.” Ryuji stares at her, incredulous.
Sumire offers a very small shrug.
“Sorry, Sumi-chan.” Haru says quietly.
“You’re sorry to her?” Makoto glares, “What about the rest of us!?”
“This meeting wasn’t for apologies.” Goro sneers, “We’re just letting you know.”
Ren takes a sharp breath, and pinches the bridge of his nose, shoving up his glasses in the
process. “Just-” he takes a second, “Why. Start there.”
“Hm.” Goro looks paler, somehow. “You aren’t going to like this.”
“No, I don’t think anyone will.” Haru mutters.
Sumire vaguely recalls the last time Goro confessed to running off to Shido’s palace, shortly
after the mess of he and Ren regaining their memories. She doesn’t want to jump the gun,
but…
Goro makes a short, frustrated growl before speaking, “Shido has a rather chatty cognition of
me wandering his ship.”
Ah, there it is.
“You’re not serious.” Ren says.
“It hasn’t tried to kill me in a while.” Goro says, like that makes it better.
“It was rather rude.” Haru counters.
“Rude, but at least it never reached for its gun.”
“Yes.” Ren says, voice like ice, “That would be awful, wouldn’t it? You, being shot by
Shido’s cognition of you in a place where no one can find you.”
Goro scowls, “Haru was there.”

“You realise that you two nearly getting yourselves killed is the least of our problems, right?”
Futaba snaps.
“Uh, pretty sure it’s a big problem.” Ann cuts in.
Sumire locks eyes with Yusuke, who gives a helpless shrug. In a moment of clarity, Sumire
suddenly understands exactly how Haru felt after everyone else went running off into palaces
of their own. Somehow, being made to watch the aftermath without being at fault feels worse.
She can’t even hide behind the confidence of conviction this time, with no such conviction
being her own.
It also would have been nice if they thought to bring her along.
“We’re well aware of what we’ve done.” Haru interjects, voice cold, but still miles warmer
than Ren’s. “Had we recalled the developments regarding Shido’s knowledge, we wouldn’t
have gone.”
“You forgot.” Futaba says, disbelieving.
“I was having a bad day.” Goro says.
“Implying you usually go to Shido’s palace on bad days?” Ren says, and it almost sounds like
he’s joking.
“That’s the sum of it, yes.”
“I cannot fucking believe you.”
“Alright.” Sojiro holds up his hands, and the fire temporarily dispels, “Tearing into each other
isn’t going to help.”
“Well!” Morgana still looks like he’s been kicked, “What will help?”
A pause.
“Time travel?” Makoto offers. A laugh bursts out of Sumire before she can shove it down,
and she quickly clamps a hand over her mouth.
“Seriously...” Ryuji mutters.
“It’s not as bad as it could be.” Goro says, still oddly calm, “My cognition is a far cry from
what it was last timeline.”
“Meaning?” Ren grits.
“Meaning, that it isn’t capable of running off to report every mishap to its dear Captain.”
Goro explains, “Unless it feels like taking a trip overboard.”
Ren throws up his hands. Sumire feels a bit like doing the same.

“You know,” Futaba speaks up, with the utmost sarcasm, “That makes me feel so much
better.”
Haru sighs, frustration clearly getting the better of her, “You’ll live.”
“Will we?!”
“Boss is right.” Yusuke says, “What’s done is done. Arguing will get us nowhere.”
“It’s getting us somewhere.” Morgana protests, “And, seriously, what are we going to do?”
Hm.
“…Can we do anything?” Sumire uncomfortably raises her hand to catch the others’
attention, “If Shido is already just… more paranoid, then I think that ship’s sailed.” She kicks
herself for the accidental pun.
Ann frowns, and tugs at one of her pigtails, “That’s it?”
“Really.” Sae says drily, stone-faced.
“Better we know now, then finding out later, right?” Sumire points out, fiddling with her
glasses.
“That’s what we were thinking.” Haru chimes in.
“And you couldn’t have said this seven days ago.” Futaba’s glare reignites.
Goro sniffs, “If you’ll recall, the potential aftermath slipped our minds. And the exact
potential consequences were only brought up two days ago.”
“And you’re otherwise unrepentant.” Ren finishes.
That isn’t entirely fair, Sumire supposes, when she’s fairly sure no one else ever felt
particularly sorry for their own duo and trio palace excursions. Sumire herself can only
source her regret to the fact that she accomplished nothing from the risk.
Of course, she should have known she wasn’t going to get anything from the start. But,
hindsight and whatnot.
“Did you get what you were looking for, at least?” Sumire asks.
Haru shrugs. Goro tilts his head, “Conversation, and a series of pointed insults?” He
summarises, “I got what I should have expected, if not what I was looking for.”
Well, they’re all on the same page then.
Ryuji digs his palms into his eyes, and mumbles, “We’re all stupid.”
“So there’s really nothing we can do.” Futaba says, fists clenched, “You fucked things up and
you can’t even fix it.”

“You ran off to Maruki’s palace.” Goro snaps at her.
Futaba’s scowl morphs into a sneer, as she flexes and clenches her hands before tossing them
up with a furious “Ugh!”
“None of this was our intention.” Haru says after a moment of silence.
“We kinda already knew that.” Ann shuffles on her feet.
“Is that all this meeting was for?” Morgana asks sullenly.
“No.” Ren interjects, “We were in the middle of trying to sort out our sudden lack of place to
live.” He smiles brightly, “Great that we know why, now.”
“Would you like to blame us for any other problems while you’re at it?” Goro spits.
“Where should I start?”
“Okay.” Sojiro cuts them off again, “No one’s happy.”
That doesn’t really need to be said, Sumire thinks.
“But even if you kids have no way to solve that problem,” he continues, “There are other
things to discuss. Without the potshots, preferably.”
“Can’t be my place.” Ryuji says immediately.
“Nor mine.” Yusuke chimes in.
Sumire coughs, “Um, I think my parents would ask too many questions.”
“Well, who doesn’t have parents?” Morgana asks.
Half the group raises their hands.
Futaba frowns at Ren. “You have parents.”
Ren shrugs, “I assumed the question was who doesn’t have parents who live with them right
now.”
“That’s what I meant.” Morgana agrees.
Ann makes a face, “…So that’s still everyone who either doesn’t have a place to go or is
already living here.”
“I don’t have parents.” Yusuke points out.
“You live in a dorm, dude.” Ryuji thwacks him on the arm.
A pause, and everyone looks at Haru.

“…We did rule out your place last time we were shuffling people around.” Sumire points out.
“Based on paranoia.” Haru points out, “If things are urgent, then it’s a risk we may have to
take.”
“Then I suppose the question is whether it’s better or worse than if you had just stayed in
your own home.” Sae nods to Sakura.
“We could just stay in Mementos.” Futaba mumbles.
“It’s not very comfortable.” Sumire warns.
“And the Chief doesn’t have a persona.” Morgana adds, “I don’t wanna know what staying in
the Metaverse overnight does to him.”
“It has varying effects.” Goro offers.
“Oh, wonderful.” Futaba scoffs.
“The police haven’t been near my home in a few weeks.” Haru thankfully says before that
can escalate, “And if Sakura-san goes hunting for a safehouse of some kind, then it only has
to be for a few nights anyway.”
“Boss.” Sojiro corrects, “And, yeah, I was planning on it.”
“That sounds like it’s settled, then.” Yusuke hums.
So it does.
Ren shoves his hands in his pockets. “Then we’re done here.”
Sumire winces at the barely restrained fury. Goro just stares him down.
Sojiro sighs, and stands, back and knees audibly cracking as he does. “Another car ride,
then?”
Some of the other thieves that had snagged a seat begin to stand as well, muttering amongst
themselves as the meeting comes to a definitive close. Haru takes a moment to move from
where she’s standing next to Goro, a vague gesture from Sojiro apparently reminding her she
needs to move with them.
Sumire should probably go home too.
Probably.
(But, being stuck in an apartment with three people who are somewhere between livid and
generally upset with you can hardly be pleasant.)
She’ll let her parents know where she is. Or, adjacent.
“Mind if I stay over?” Sumire whispers to Goro, taking Haru’s place at his side.

He raises an eyebrow at her. “Whatever for?”
Sumire shrugs.
He raises his other eyebrow.
Sumire shrugs again.
He snorts. “Sure. But don’t you have school tomorrow?”
“I’ll leave early.” She decides.
Goro sighs. “I can’t stop you.”
He could, if he wanted. Sumire takes the comment as a thank you.
***
Sleepovers in the midst of everything else going to hell are a bubble of near-normality that
Sumire has grown to appreciate.
Perhaps her anxiety truly was unfounded. Argument aside, it’s all as resolved as it can be.
(But will it stay that way?
One of the stipulations they discussed not two days ago was that prolonged inaction could
contribute to Shido’s potential paranoia even more. Damned if they do and damned if they
don’t: the point is, they’re on a clock.
They need to deal with the Cleaner, fast, but they just don’t have the means to. They’re no
closer to discovering his identity, let alone making progress on what -with their luck- will
likely be a palace.
What can you do?
Another desperate thought creeps into Sumire’s mind. A vague notion that she had
smothered, when last faced with no other options.
She wouldn’t be making a deal. No, certainly not. And she was never the target of said deal,
anyway. Her acceptance or denial never really meant anything in the end.
But if she asked for help…
Could he even help?
Would he hold it over her?
No, she decides. Not in a traditional sense, at least, and she supposes that’s the dangerous
part.)
“So.” Goro says into the dark, clearly sensing she’s still awake, “Any grievances to air?”

Sumire sits up, tugging awkwardly on her borrowed clothes. She can kind of spot the glint of
Goro’s eyes at the opposite end of the bed. “I think Haru-senpai covered my bases, last time.”
Goro snorts. “Next time I do something foolish, would you like to come with me instead?”
“Next time?” She says, making a token effort to sound disappointed.
“It’s bound to happen again.”
Sumire can’t help a burst of giggles. “It might be nice. Let Haru-senpai come with us, too.
Make a trip out of it.”
Goro hums, sounding amused.
“Or.” She says, “You should bring Ren-senpai, so he can’t be mad at you this time.”
Goro grunts something unflattering.
“Or maybe he’d just try to stop you.” Sumire muses.
“Please.” Goro scoffs, “If he’s in on it, suddenly it’d be a necessary detour.”
Sumire supposes that sentiment would fly with the lot of them. She wondered when they
stopped being good at teamwork.
“…Do you really go to Shido’s palace so often?” She asks quietly.
A pause.
“Not often.” He protests.
“Often enough.”
“I suppose.”
Sumire sighs, “The Metaverse being gone once this is all over will stop that, if nothing else.”
“I’ll probably end up just being reckless in reality instead.”
“Please, don’t.”
Another pause.
“If I must.” Goro sighs.
Sumire smiles at the begrudging concession, unsure as to its honesty, “Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it.”
Sumire hums, and lies back down. With the curtains drawn and the lights off, it really is
nearly pitch-black in here.

“Good night.” She says.
“Night.” Is the tired response.
***
It’s been eight days.
Hardly a worrying stretch of time. But, a lot can happen in eight days, and the Phantom
Thieves have moved quickly in the past.
Goro Akechi has moved quicker. Masayoshi Shido supposes that if his son was gunning for
his head, it would already be rolling on the floor.
The thought isn’t comforting.
Perhaps there truly is another manifestation at the Diet Building? Kasukabe, the younger, was
always too much of an obvious puppet for Shido to ever bother sending Akechi after him, but
it wouldn’t surprise him if perhaps he had some hotspot of delusion centred on his place of
work. Could be his father, too.
Or not.
Shido clenches his jaw, casting an eye out the window. He stands, folding his arms.
He’s scoured all Wakaba’s journals. He’s beginning to feel he jumped the gun, in sending
Akechi to kill her off. Who knows? Maybe a month or more and she would have cracked the
veil to the cognitive world wide open.
Or maybe not. Her results were dwindling, in the sunset of her life. Shido could never tell if it
was greed, cold feet, or if she had truly discovered all there was to find. Her death was
inevitable, nonetheless.
And, still, the cognitive world remains stubbornly inaccessible, save for a few blips of data
on a chart. That particular discovery felt like the jackpot, snapping up his wayward son right
out of thin air.
And then he vanished, right out of his cell. The Cleaner hadn’t been thrilled to find his mark
missing. Understandable; Shido himself had wondered if the whole situation was a joke in ill
taste.
And even now, with pings appearing in pointed locations (and again at the Courthouse, for
some unknown reason) Akechi and the thieves themselves simply aren’t appearing. Wakaba
had written about some place— Mementos? —that wasn’t quite a palace, that couldn’t be
tracked via the same methods palaces could, spread far too thin. Perhaps they’re using that to
get away.
The question then remains as to why they didn’t just use that at the courthouse. A
coincidence? Bad luck? So much for the infallible iron jaws lining the ground where the
thieves may tread, if the one instance of them setting it off was simple clumsiness.

Shido scowls down again at the blinking lights of Tokyo.
He considers himself a calm man. As much as he can be, in his position. Stresses can be
smoothed over, urges alleviated in a myriad ways. He can keep his composure.
These thieves are putting his patience to the test.
He dutifully practices the tactics Wakaba devised to make a manifestation as obstructive as
possible. He reminds himself constantly of the mechanics of the Metaverse, hoping to
entrench his corner of it in so many unpredictable layers that any intruders can barely get past
the front door.
Then again, Wakaba likely tried to fortify her palace too. Only half out of suspicion, he’s
sure. Wakaba was ever-so-eager to turn herself into a maze for her lab rat. He wonders if she
thought that put her and Akechi on equal footing, somehow.
The point remains: her methods are not infallible.
Shido cuts a glance over to his liquor cabinet. It’s late enough in the evening that he doesn’t
feel the need to hold himself back from taking off the edge. He swiftly pours himself a glass
—whiskey, why not— and moves back to the window.
He ought to redouble his efforts in tracking down the thieves’ identities. They’re only
phantoms when they’re playing pretend. In the real world, bones are bones and flesh is flesh.
If Akechi tracked them down, Shido can too.
There’s that nagging feeling that Sakura knows something. Sakura didn’t quite retire while he
and Shido were on amicable terms; Shido’s sure that Sakura immediately suspected him of
having a hand in Wakaba’s death. Though, perhaps not. He made no move to act after the
fact, other than to take custody of the girl. Self preservation, or ignorance?
Any semblance of good graces that remained between them was surely dashed when Shido
sent the Cleaner off to have a chat with the man.
He takes a sip from his glass.
Not that he regrets the order, of course. If Wakaba squirrelled away anything of hers, she
would have left it with him. He’ll have to ransack his home and that café later. No stone left
unturned.
What can be done?
He should have cut these threads years ago. They’ve all become a royal thorn in his side. It’s
what he gets, he supposes, for making assumptions. That Wakaba had expended her use, that
the thieves were skittish cowards, that Sakura was going to stay out of his way, that Akechi
wouldn’t be swayed by the romanticism of thievery over some damn loyalty.
All far too much trouble than it’s worth.

Well, if those threads are more like chains, he ought to shatter the weak links while he has the
time.
He slips his phone out from his pocket, and types in a number not saved in his contacts. The
line goes through on the second ring.
“You want me to rough up Sakura properly this time, Boss?”
So eager. Shido appreciates such a simple monetary relationship. “Maybe later.” He says. “I
have a proper job for you, first.”
The Cleaner snickers, “Music to my ears.”
Shido wonders if he missed the business, in the years that Akechi was his favoured assassin.
It really is too bad. Shido had fun parading the kid around at meetings. It was downright
hilarious to see people slowly realise his mysterious attack dog was the skinny brat with a
plastic smile. Not that all of them had the brains to figure it out.
“You remember our mutual friend?” Shido asks.
“Gonna have to be more specific.”
His kingdom for some instinctive understanding from his subordinates. “The SIU director.”
“Ahh.” The Cleaner hums, “What, he piss you off?”
“He’s a nuisance.” Shido says, truthfully. The man was always plagued by delusions that they
were equals in any sense of the word.
“Whatever you say, Boss.” The Cleaner chuckles, “What’s the deadline?”
“As soon as you’re able.”
“If I must.” A sigh, “That’s gonna cost you more.”
Shido suddenly appreciates monetary relationships far less. “If I must.” He echoes.
“Good to hear, good to hear.” The Cleaner drawls, “You’ll be seeing the news by the
morning.”
The Cleaner did always have a faster turnaround than Akechi tended too, for the larger
targets. Bones are bones and flesh is flesh, he supposes.
“See to it.” He says, “You’ll be hearing from me soon.”
“Best thing I’ve heard all year.”
The line goes dead.
What can be done? He asks himself again.

Even the strongest of links can be cracked under the right pressure. All he has to do is apply
it.
***
The meeting yesterday was, Sojiro can say with confidence, the worst meeting he’s ever sat
through. He used to work for Shido, so he can recognise that’s saying something.
The whole thing was fairly innocuous until it wasn’t. He was stuck in the middle, for a
meeting that wasn’t even about him, flying furies and icy stares on all sides.
He had been under the apparently false assumption that the Okumura girl was the most
responsible of the group. His impression of the littler Niijima and even Yoshizawa too tainted
by tales of reckless missions into the cognitive world with little regard for the consequences,
not to mention panicked and messy attempts at timeline fixing that he doesn’t care to think on
for more than five minutes at a time.
Turns out Okumura is just as guilty of being a foolish teenager as the rest of them. Go figure.
Sojiro couldn’t muster up the will to be particularly angry. Sure, it’s apparently backfired on
him and his home, but he gets the feeling that was a ticking time bomb to start. His kids, on
the other hand, looked ready to commit murder.
He sensed they were more angry at Akechi, who seems to have a penchant for getting himself
and others killed, than Okumura, but the trip through Mementos to her fancy penthouse was
far from comfortable. Okumura’s request to drive was shut down with a stony I’m driving,
without so much as a glance her way. She had sniffed, and hadn’t bothered asking for
shotgun.
“I’ve had my staff on paid leave for the past few weeks.” Okumura had explained quietly
when they arrived. “And there are no security cameras inside the house- only pointed at the
front door and post box. So feel free to wander. I can set up the guest rooms.”
Sojiro had raised an eyebrow, “You have three guest rooms?”
Okumura had smiled faintly, “Two, technically. But you can take over my father’s room.”
Sojiro’s back decides that attempting to graciously demand he sleep on the couch instead
would be foolish. Hopefully, he’ll only be imposing for a day or two at most.
The frigid atmosphere hasn’t thawed in the slightest come the morning.
“We’ll stagger our arrival at school.” Ren says, over a breakfast of toast. Okumura’s kitchen
isn’t stocked enough at present for the usual curry, and Futaba’s been pouting about it all
morning. Morgana had happily accepted the canned tuna in the pantry, though he had turned
up his nose at first.
“Of course.” Okumura says primly. “When do you usually arrive?”
“Right before homeroom.” Morgana chimes in.

“Ah.” Her eyebrows twitch up, “We won’t have a problem arriving separately, then.”
“…We’ll hold down the fort.” Sojiro adds.
Okumura smiles, “Please do. Help yourself to anything you might need.”
Ren’s chewing gets pointedly louder. Sojiro would tell him to spit it out if he wasn’t
concerned it’ll be an insult thrown at their gracious host.
He doesn’t have to, in the end. “How dangerous was Shido’s palace, while you were there?”
Ren asks stiffly.
Okumura gives him a flat stare, “Well, we didn’t get past the deck.”
“Not even the front doors?”
“No.”
“Crow’s cognition was just hanging out there?” Futaba speaks up with a frown.
Sojiro fails to see the significance, but judging from Ren, Futaba, and the cat’s matching
confusion, he assumes it isn’t normal cognition behaviour. Or, maybe, it isn’t normal Akechi
cognition behaviour.
“He was right there, just as we entered.” Okumura confirms. “Where was he last time?”
“Bowels of the ship.” Ren explains, clipped. “Engine room.”
“Ah.” She tilts her head, “He was also drenched to the bone.”
“That’s new.” Ren comments.
“I gathered.” Okumura says, “He’d been tossed overboard, at some point. Multiple times,
apparently.”
Futaba snickers. Sojiro personally thinks the image is rather grim. Ren must think the same,
as his expression darkens further.
Okumura casts a glance at her phone, and stands, “It’s about time I start getting ready, I
think.”
Ren checks his phone as well, raising his eyebrows, “You could push it for an hour.”
“I arrive half an hour before homeroom.” Okumura says, “And I have to walk.”
“Oh.”
Okumura says nothing more to that, and strides off to get herself ready for school.
Sojiro sighs, and picks up his plate, “I’m gonna get to work.”

***
Getting to work involves a lot of stalling.
Stalling, meaning: thinking. Thinking about what angle to pursue, thinking about the risks of
each. Snapping up a safehouse isn’t the most difficult thing in the world, but the surrounding
irritation and dangers bloom given that he needs it quick and he needs it effective.
If he still worked for the government, and Shido by extension, getting one would barely be an
issue. Problem is that Shido would then know the location of said safehouse, which would
put a bit of a damper on his triumph.
Similarly, tugging on his old colleagues to lend a hand is an awful lot like playing roulette.
Not all of them worked for or around Shido, but it’s been two years. Any confidence Sojiro
had in them then is meaningless now. Getting sent a card at Christmas and new years doesn’t
mean they wouldn’t throw him to the wolves if required.
Asking won’t hurt, though. Mostly.
He should try a different tact, first.
Iwai and Ohya are options. He’s not convinced they’d be any help, but he’s reasonably
confident they’d be tight lipped. It’s something to consider.
The issue is, he can’t just buy a house. That would be absurd. He needs an already existing
space that someone has for express purposes such as hiding from people that want you dead
or want to burn down your café to prove a point. Things government workers have in spades,
and that journalists and model-gun-store owners are far poorer in.
Though, what does he know? Ohya’s been hunting dangerous leads, and Iwai’s ex-yakuza.
They could have contingency plans for when things go south.
Asking won’t hurt. He’s a little more convinced about the thought this time.
He isn’t quite sure what either of their work schedules are, but it’s just past noon. Perhaps
Ohya will already be drowning herself in beer and spirits at this hour. Iwai’s shop doesn’t
seem like he gets much business, but he’ll hold off for now.
He almost calls directly from his phone, before he decides that perhaps he should avoid
unnecessary risks. He’s useless with technology, so he isn’t really entirely sure if this is a
danger. Futaba won’t begrudge his questions, he hopes.
He knocks on the door to the room she’s claimed, “…Futaba?”
There’s a muffled: “Yeah?”
“Can I borrow your expertise?”
The door swings open, and Futaba is looking at him with a raised eyebrow, “…Whaddya
need?”

Sojiro almost laughs at how much she sounds like a shady vendor. “Is there any way you can
make a phone call… not traceable? Untrackable?”
“Oh.” Futaba shoves her glasses up her nose, “Easily. It’ll look real suspicious to whoever
you’re calling though.”
He can work with that. “That’ll do.”
Futaba snags his arm and drags him into her room, “Or, you could just get a burner. But I’m
guessing you don’t wanna deal with that?”
It’s been a while since Sojiro has been in need of burner phones. He wishes he had thought to
snap one up. “Well, I definitely don’t want to go outside.”
“We could take a trip through Mementos.” Futaba says, plopping down on a pillow on the
floor, next to her computer and a monitor she must have borrowed from Okumura, “Butlater. This is easier right now. You’ll have to use my computer though.”
“That’s fine.” Sojiro says, even as he internally holds a funeral for his knees for when he’ll
have to sit on the floor.
“Great!” Futaba says with some fanfare, typing away at a rapid fire pace, “What number are
you try’na dial? Or would you rather text?”
“Calling would be better.” Sojiro says, pulling out his phone. “And I’ve got her contact here.”
Futaba eyes the number, typing some more, “Cool. Here, sit down.” He does, with some
effort, “Press here to call, and here to hang up. Oh, and if you want to talk to someone else,
type in the number here, country code and all. All this is doing is basically making a call
from a number that doesn’t exist. Here are some headphones…” She snaps them over his ears
before he can protest. “And good. You need me to scram?”
“…You don’t have to.” Sojiro says, a bit lost, “But you might be bored just listening to me
talk.”
Futaba sticks out her tongue, “I’m gonna hang out in the living room.” She says, snapping up
her laptop, “Try not to blow anything up, Sojiro!”
He chuckles as she dashes out of the room, “I’ll try.”
He’s very grateful Futaba made the whole setup so simple, else he probably would blow
something up somehow. He readjusts the headphones, and presses the call button.
It only rings once before it declares that the number couldn’t be reached. Sojiro isn’t that
surprised- if this is dialling from an unknown number, it probably looks like a scam call or
worse. He tries again, twice, before it finally goes through.
“Who is this?” Ohya’s suspicious voice filters through.
“Hey.” He says, awkwardly, “It’s Sakura. Mind if I ask a favour?”

There’s a pause. “Ohhh.” Ohya eventually drawls, “It’s you! You pick up a burner or
something?”
“Something like that.” Sojiro agrees.
“Mm. What’s up?”
“You have anything resembling a safehouse waiting to be put to use?”
Another pause. “Jeez. The hell did you do?”
“Exist in Shido’s general vicinity for a portion of my life.”
Ohya snorts, “Rookie mistake. What happened?”
“Nothing. Yet.” Sojiro says with emphasis, “I’m not sticking around to let something happen,
specially with the kids.”
“Right.” Ohya’s tone sobers, “Amamiya all good?”
“He’s fine.” If not cursing the stars and all his friends, “Again, preventative measures.”
“Gotcha.” Ohya sucks in a breath through her teeth, “I’m not a stranger to needing a place
to camp out, exactly, but I’m usually the couch-surfing type. When I’m tracking a scoop far
from home, y’know? Even when I’m looking for safety, none of my go-to places are exactly
the height of security.”
“I see.” Sojiro frowns.
“Lala-chan might be able to hook you up, though.” Ohya continues, contemplative, “She’s
set up some places for some of the girls in the area, y’know? Nothing too fancy, but just a
place to get away. That’s if you’re willing to set up shop in Shinjuku, of course.”
“It doesn’t need to be fancy.” Sojiro assures her, “Just a place Shido won’t know about, or
think to look.”
“Huh. Where are you now?”
“Somewhere safe enough, but with no guarantees. It’s been a place of interest before.”
“Right, right. Am I your only hope?”
“I was going to call up Iwai, see what he’s got.”
Ohya laughs, “Well, if you’ve got room to shop around then I think you’re set. I’ll ask Lalachan- uh, should I call your regular number, or…?”
“How about I call you back in five hours?” Sojiro decides.
“Eh, sounds good enough. How many people are we talking, by the way? Just you and the
kid?”

“Three people. And a cat.” He adds. “Unless pets are non-negotiable.”
“Lala-chan loves that cat enough to let it wander around her bar, you’re fine.” Ohya
dismisses, “I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thanks.”
“See you in five hours!”
“See you.” Sojiro echoes, and the line goes dead.
Well. Good start. He types Iwai’s number in, and clicks call.
It takes five tries, before the call finally goes through.
“Listen here.” Iwai immediately snaps, “I’m on the Do Not Call register. Take me off your
damn list.”
“…It’s Sakura.”
“Oh.” A beat, “I thought I had your number saved.”
“Burner.” Sojiro says, by way of explanation. “I thought you’d be more used to something
like that.”
“Used to be.” Iwai snorts, “These days people know if they wanna start trouble, they’ve gotta
come see me in person. Anyway, whaddya need?”
“You happen to have a safe house on the back burner?”
It’s a moment before Iwai talks. “I do have something like that. I take something happened?”
“Not yet.” Sojiro says, “But the threat was implied.”
“I see.” Iwai intones slowly, “What I’ve got- it’s old. Small, shitty place I bought twenty
years ago. Made sure never to tell anyone about it for situations like this. It’ll probably work
if you just need a place no one knows about, but, again- a bit shit.”
“If it comes down to it, I can live with a bit shit. The kids can suck it up, too.”
“You got other options, then?”
“Ohya knows someone.” He explains, “So she might be able to set me up, but we’ll see.”
“Always good to have a backup, at least.” Iwai says.
“True.”
“How ‘bout you let me know how that goes.” He continues, “And if you need it I can help
you out.”

“Thanks.” Sojiro says, with genuine gratitude, “I’ll be in touch.”
“Got it. See ya.” And the line clicks off.
Even better. Ren has some pretty good contacts, he has to admit.
***
Five hours later, he re-commandeers Futaba’s computer to make a second call.
“Good news!” Ohya says, immediately guessing correctly who the caller is, “Lala-chan can
help you out.”
“That’s good to hear.” Sojiro says, ignoring Futaba’s curious eyes, “How long would that
take, d’you think?”
“Mm, couple of days? How long can you wait?”
“Couple of days should be fine.”
“Neat. Did Mr. ex-yakuza have a plan B for you?”
“He did.” Sojiro says, “Might keep it in mind for later.”
“Good idea. Might keep it in mind myself, honestly.”
A wise decision. What they’re dipping their fingers into has more dangers than just Shido’s
web.
“How should I let you know when it’s all set? Your number still off limits?”
Sojiro sighs, “Text Ren, I guess. Something innocuous.”
“Getting paranoid?”
“You can never be too careful.”
Ohya clicks her tongue. “Ain’t that the truth. I’ll let the kid know, then.”
“Good to hear.”
“You don’t have to worry about our phones, you know.” Futaba speaks up as soon as the line
clicks dead. “So long as I’ve gotten my mitts on it at least once, I’ll know when someone else
is trying to poke around.”
Sojiro should probably address that at some point. Another time.
“Dunno how secure journalist lady is, though.” She adds.
“Then you can never be too careful.” Sojiro repeats, “I’d say you should offer to protect her
phone, but I don’t think she’d appreciate the spyware.”

“Some people have no respect for espionage.” Futaba sighs, and Sojiro chuckles.

Chapter End Notes

there's no crowd at Ann's house i'm afraid, but Haru *does* get to play host. Which is
arguably worse
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! one of these days....
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: if it's any consolation, the cognition isn't as homocidal as it once was
Ren: that's not saying much. last time, that cognition only showed up to kill steal.
Akechi: implying you were going to kill me?
Ren: implying i'm going to kill you right now.

Chapter 94
Chapter Summary

rebuilding bridges, and the ghost of a lead

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

To say Ren is livid would perhaps be an understatement.
He’s been angrier. Probably. He can’t quite recall the exact feeling, but he knows that
logically, there are things he should have been angrier about. Shido’s callous disregard for all
his wrongdoing, for example. Maruki in general.
Perhaps it’s the fact that it’s a lesson that has yet to be learned. Perhaps it’s that it is
apparently a lesson that will never be learned, and everyone will be pointing fingers and
tossing blame before getting awfully quiet once the shoe is on the other foot.
You are something of a hypocrite. Metatron chimes in. All of you, really.
Ren didn’t ask.
He thinks he was very good at keeping his cool, both in the immediate aftermath and the
morning following. It’s hard for Ren to get snappy with anyone who isn’t Akechi, and it’s
even harder to be snappy with Haru. Not because he feels bad, but rather because he knows
all hell will break loose if she decides to snap back.
At least you still have control enough of your faculties to recognise that. Metatron drawls,
You’re quite lost in your own head otherwise.
Ren. Did. Not. Ask.
He thinks he hears a snicker in his head. That Metatron has Akechi’s voice is not helping the
keep his cool situation.
Ren wonders where he went wrong.
Maybe he didn’t. Or, rather, maybe he never went right. Maybe the fact that no one threw
themselves into danger so easily last time was a series of coincidental circumstances rather
than any respect for being safe or his leadership.
Even then, Morgana ran off before they confronted Okumura. Ryuji nearly died at the end of
Shido’s palace. Akechi did die in Shido’s palace.

This is your problem. Metatron comments, scathing. You only ever see what you want to. You
were just as panicked and falling apart now as you were before. Don’t kid yourself.
“Whatever happened to Arsène telling me these things.” Ren mutters at the ceiling of the
room he snagged in Haru’s frankly ridiculously sized apartment.
He’s sick of your shit.
“Doubtful.” Ren snorts.
All you’ve got is me, regardless.
Wonderful. Ren rolls his eyes, and rolls over to snag his phone off the bedside table.
He should do something. Anything. Talk to one of his arcana. Buy some supplies. Try, likely
in vain, but try to track down any new lead about the Cleaner. Maybe help Sojiro figure out a
place to stay.
It’s too bad they have no reason to stalk through Mementos at the moment. Though, Ren
thinks if he has to deal with Akechi right now he might finally snap and kill someone.
This is really your last straw? Metatron asks dubiously.
Obviously. Ren wouldn’t be fuming this much otherwise. Akechi doesn’t get to sit on his
high horse about Ren’s mistakes when he’s actively trying to get himself killed.
There are about three fallacies in that statement.
“Says you.” Ren growls to the air.
This is a conversation you ought to be having with him, I think.
“You’re close enough.”
The eye roll is almost audible. Ren ignores him.
He still has his phone in his hand. He doesn’t really know why he picked it up to begin with.
A plan to plan, maybe.
He knows Futaba is most angry about the fact that Haru and Akechi were potentially the ones
to set off a chain reaction that resulted in their being uprooted, not to mention the nightmare
that will likely be Shido’s palace itself when the time comes.
It’s a fair thing to be mad about. Ren isn’t happy either.
But, Metatron says, sly, You know that claiming that’s what you’re angry about would be
post-hoc.
He knows.
Ren scrolls through his contacts before he can think better of it.

“Walk me through it.” Ren says when the line clicks through on the first ring, “What were
you thinking?”
Akechi’s sigh sounds more like an exasperated groan.
“I thought I made it clear it was a lapse in judgement.” He says, clipped, “I was having a
bad day.”
“What kind of bad day?”
“I was bored out of my mind.” Akechi snaps, “And you were refusing to let me in the
Metaverse.”
Ren feels another wave of anger, “Are you seriously blaming this on me?”
“I’m just telling it like it is.”
Ren will not throw his phone across the room. That would damage Haru’s walls. Then again,
she’s rich, and she kind of deserves it right now. But, Ren is not rich, and thus couldn’t afford
a new phone were he to shatter it in a fit of rage. He refrains.
“Do you even feel a bit sorry?” Ren demands.
“Since when did we ever sort things out based on whether we felt sorry for them?” Akechi
says, which Ren has to begrudgingly admit is a good point.
“Would you do it again, then?”
There’s a measured pause.
“Perhaps.”
“That’s not an answer.” Ren grits.
“I don’t know, then.” Akechi says, with the air of a shrug, “I always do things against my
better judgement. How about you tell me if you would have said yes if I asked you to
accompany me instead of Haru.”
Well that isn’t very fair at all.
Be truthful, now. Metatron says airily.
“Probably.” Ren says with great difficulty, “Assuming I also didn’t connect the dots on
Shido’s knowledge about the Metaverse and the effect it would have on his palace.”
“Awfully backhanded.”
“I’m being nice. You deserve a punch to the face.”
Akechi barks a laugh. Ren almost smirks.

“How long have you been doing this, anyway?” He asks.
“Hm?”
“Traipsing about Shido’s palace.” Ren clarifies. “You’ve implied it’s more than once.”
“Oh. Months, really.”
Ren takes a very deep breath.
“If it makes you feel any better,” Akechi says, which is usually a precursor to something that
will make Ren feel worse, “I started doing it before we got clued into the time travel
business.”
“And you kept going?”
“Well, first I was so livid at everything that I ended up at Shido’s palace by accident.” He
says, too flat to be natural, “And after that the cognition was docile enough that there wasn’t
any real danger for me so long as I didn’t go looking for it.”
“You and I have remarkably different definitions for what classifies as looking for danger.”
Ren says, once again actively refraining from putting a hole in Haru’s walls.
“Ren, we have exactly the same definition of what classifies as looking for danger.” Akechi
says icily, “You just get uppity when it’s about anyone who isn’t you.”
Metatron snickers again. Ren suddenly wishes the Velvet Room was accessible, just so he
could threaten him with the guillotine.
“Just because I’m a hypocrite doesn’t change that you did something stupid.” Ren grits out.
“I’m well aware.” Akechi deadpans, “And what are you going to do about it?”
Hm.
Well that’s the problem, isn’t it? Ren can’t do anything about it. Outside of battle tactics, Ren
is a leader in name alone, given that the thieves supposedly operate by unanimous decision.
He supposes that hasn’t really changed. None of the unauthorised palace runs resulted in a
change of heart, nor does Ren think that was ever the intent. A curse upon loopholes he
forgot to patch.
Taking the offending party’s phones is both absurd and childish, and apparently completely
unenforceable. Ren knows for a fact that Niijima had quietly kept a hold of Akechi’s phone
during his stint of being benched, and all that did was get him to rope someone else into his
nonsense. Not that he thinks Haru needed an awful lot of convincing.
You aren’t their mother. Metatron points out acerbically. Ren scoffs internally. He was never
trying to be.

“I could bench you permanently.” Ren says.
“No you won’t.”
“You’re confident about that?” He raises an eyebrow, suppressing half a sneer.
“Try it.” Akechi snarks, “I dare you. We both know that you can’t afford to waste my power
in the next few palaces. Not to mention that I’d just get my fix of violence somewhere else,
and isn’t that exactly what you’re trying to avoid?”
A curse upon loopholes, and an extra curse upon Goro Akechi’s finesse in getting exactly
what he wants. Or maybe Ren is the only one to fall for his tricks.
Him and Haru. Likely Sumire. Potentially Ann. Not like it matters, when Akechi has
unrestricted access to the Metaverse once again. Still, Ren could do without his greatest
problems having silver tongues.
“You.” Ren decides, “Are a pain in my ass.”
“This is the tipping point? Really?”
That’s what the you in my head said, Ren nearly replies. He doesn’t, because that would
sound insane.
“Not the gun to your head?” Akechi continues.
“I had forewarning for the gun to my head.” Ren complains, “This I heard about days after
the fact.”
“I’ll be sure to send a letter in advance whenever I plan to do it again.”
“What, kill me?”
“Sure.”
Ren rolls his eyes. He digs a palm into one of his eye sockets, squeezing the other shut,
“Would it kill you to pretend we’re a team?”
“Historically, it would kill you.”
“Very funny.” Ren deadpans, “Answer the damn question.”
A sigh. “This was never an issue before.”
“Is that a yes, then?”
“You should understand what you’re asking.” Akechi snaps.
“I know what I’m asking.” Ren opens his eyes to glare at the ceiling, “You didn’t do this
before. During November.” Bad example. “And January.” Better, but volatile.

There’s a very pointed pause. “During November, I still had assignments.”
Ren blinks, “Really?”
“Yes, really.” Akechi scoffs, “You’d drag me to Mementos and I’d have to haul myself right
back in to off some suit that pissed Shido off. Or someone who was at the top of your stupid
website.”
“January, then.”
“I went to Mementos on my own back then, too.”
This is getting ridiculous. “You what?”
“Not to kill people.” Akechi says mildly, “Just to let off some steam.”
“Why didn’t I hear about this?” Ren demands.
“Because I didn’t tell you.”
Oh, of course.
“You dragged me to Mementos too.” Akechi points out, “For the exact reason of letting off
steam.”
That is unfortunately true. Ren had been scrambling, desperate to try and reconnect with the
suddenly stand-offish visage of the Detective Prince, and figured the promise of violence and
competition was his best bet.
You know it wasn’t just that.
Ren hates Metatron the most when he’s cryptic.
I’m always cryptic.
Case in point.
“Mementos isn’t as bad.” Ren finally concedes. He doesn’t like it, but everyone has to use
Mementos for transportation if nothing else. “But you weren’t running off to palaces. That’s
new.”
“In November-”
“Forget about November.” Ren snaps. It’s a lost cause.
Yet another audible eye roll. “In January, I didn’t have a palace I cared to explore. So I
suppose it is new.”
“See?” Ren says emphatically.
“What argument do you think you just won?”

That goddamn silver tongue. A curse upon that, too.
“The one where you admit to being an idiot?” Ren tries.
Metatron hums dubiously.
There’s a matching dubious hum on the other end of the line. Ren hates this.
“What you did put everyone else in danger.” The ace up his sleeve. “I don’t think Futaba will
be forgiving you anytime soon.”
“There are a myriad things she’ll never forgive me for.” Akechi says flatly, “And if that were
your issue, you would have said it already. Spit it out or admit defeat.”
Goro should know full well what Ren’s issue is.
You’re being a coward. Metatron comments, cold.
(Why the hell is it always Ren’s job to press the point?
Fine. Fine.)
“I thought you said you’d try.” Ren finally says.
“Try what?”
“To get out of this unscathed.” Ren hisses. “I don’t see why I should have to keep proving
myself to you when you’re the one that died.”
“Is that a threat, Ren?” Goro’s voice is like ice.
For fuck’s sake. Ren feels like he’s on the edge of hysteria. “You know it isn’t. Work with me
here. Stop playing dumb, please.”
There’s no response. Some shifting, a steady breath.
“Come on.” Ren mutters.
“Say what you mean or don’t.” Is the short demand.
“I’m saying exactly what I mean.” Ren begs, “For once in your life, stop trying to get
yourself killed.”
A beat.
“We’ve had this argument before.” Goro comments, flat.
“Apparently,” Ren grinds his teeth together, “It needs to be had again.”
“Well, contrary to what you seem to believe.” Goro says stiffly, “That’s not my aim here.”

“Bull.” Ren spits, “You don’t get to pull the heroic sacrifice card this time.”
“You didn’t let me play it last time, either.”
“I did let you.” Ren reminds him, “Because I don’t want anyone else to die either.”
“No one’s dead.” Goro points out quietly.
“Not for your lack of fucking trying.”
“Your assumptions are insulting.” Goro snaps.
“Then prove me wrong.” Ren pleads, “Tell me what the hell this is, or I’m always going to
think the worst.”
A weary sigh.
“I don’t owe you anything.”
Ren nearly does throw his phone at the opposite wall this time. “Yes you do.”
“Let me finish.” Goro snarls, “I can’t stand any of this. I hate being made to wait, I hate
being trapped here with three people I can barely tolerate on a good day. I know my limits. I
know what’s dangerous. You know what I can do. So listen to me when I say Shido’s palace is
not the risk you think it is. Not the goddamn front deck.”
Ren closes his eyes.
“You want me to trust you so badly?” A hiss in his ear, “Do me a favour and trust me.”
“Trusting you has nothing to do with what a bullet can do to you.” Ren tells him.
“So you don’t trust me.”
“It’s not about you.”
Goro clicks his tongue, dismissive. “Maybe I’d believe you if you weren’t avoiding the
question. Fine. You shouldn’t trust me. The fact that you ever pretended to have a facsimile of
it was absurd to begin with. But you should trust what I can do.”
Ren laughs weakly, “I think some wires are crossed, then.”
“You think this is funny?”
“Not really, no.”
Then get it together. Metatron says before Goro can. Ren still hates this.
“Then-”
“I do trust you.” Ren cuts off the echo. “With a lot of things.”

“Just not myself, is that it?”
“You haven’t given me much of a reason to.”
“How trite.”
Not Ren’s best line, he’ll admit. “Then we’re at an impasse.”
“Apparently so.” Goro says wearily.
A pause. One, two, threeRen cracks first, “Or we could do something else.”
“Oh? Where are you going with this-”
“Listen to me.” Ren cuts him off.
Goro shuts up.
Ren swallows. “Take me with you.”
“Hm?”
“Next time.” He clarifies, “Just- let me be there. Doesn’t matter if it’s just the two of us.”
“I’d almost think you want it to be just the two of us.”
Maybe he does.
“You know, Haru asked the same thing. That’s why I asked for her help.”
“Willing to give me the same shot?”
“What are you asking for, really?”
Ren doesn’t answer.
Goro scoffs, “Fine. Whatever. I’m not looking to haunt the cruise liner anytime soon,
anyway.”
“Oh?”
“I wasn’t kidding when I said I hadn’t considered the wider consequences, you know.”
“That’d be a first.” Ren says, unwisely. Goro only barks a laugh.
“Well,” his voice is light, still with a serrated edge, “If that’s all.”
“Don’t say it like that.”

“Like what?”
“I don’t know. A business meeting you’re indulging.”
Goro snorts. “What do you want instead?”
Ren suddenly feels very brave. “A kiss goodbye?” He bats his eyelashes at the ceiling.
“This is a phone call, dipshit.” Is all Goro snaps before the dial tone sounds loudly in Ren’s
ear.
He grins, muffling his snickers with a hand over his mouth, and quickly swipes over to his
texts,
Ren: is that a no?
Goro: Fuck off.
Ren takes the fact he hasn’t been blocked yet as a win. He finally lets his arm flop back onto
the bed, spinning his phone idly.
You haven’t said it yet. Metatron muses absently.
“Said what.” Ren mutters to the empty room.
You know.
Ren does know.
Frankly, Goro probably does too.
“I’m not going to use it as a weapon.” He says. “He’d kill me.”
All’s fair in love and war. Metatron drawls, mocking.
Not this. None of this is fair, but especially not this. Ren will concede this.
When will it be fair?
He doesn’t know.
***
Just when everything felt like it might have been finally settling into a new normal, Makoto
feels knocked off her axis once again.
Shows what she gets for feeling hopeful. Or for ever giving Akechi an inch of grace.
Shido’s palace, of all the places! She isn’t entirely sure what she assumed when Akechi had
been dodgy about where he ran off to, the night she caught him coming back. Mementos
would have been her first thought, but he would have just told her that.

She really should have expected this, in hindsight. It doesn’t help that she’s trapped in the
same damn house as him, so long as neither of them storms off to Mementos in a huff.
She’s trapped in the same house as Sae, too. What fun.
Makoto chews furiously on her lip, glaring daggers into Ann’s TV, not paying much attention
to the news. One of the few days she can snap up the living room in solitude and all she can
seem to do is stew.
You could give him a piece of your mind. Johanna comments, sounding almost amused of all
things, Her, too.
Oh, and Makoto wants to.
But she can see the writing on the wall. Any argument with Akechi is bound to go in circles
with accusations of hypocrisy quickly snuffing Makoto’s extremely valid complaints, and
they’ll both get nowhere.
(Any argument with Sae is bound to go the same way it did a few days prior. Makoto will
refrain.)
And it isn’t hypocrisy, really, when Makoto’s main complaint is that Akechi somehow
managed to make a right mess for everyone else. Even if the Sakuras’ being uprooted cannot
be attributed to a direct cause and effect, the fact remains that Shido’s palace, the palace
they’ve all been dreading, will now likely be markedly more difficult upon entry. Not to
mention the ever-present danger of being tracked down in reality that has now been
exacerbated.
But, a needling little voice hums, Your own excursion resulted in him tossing himself to the
wolves so you could get away.
Oh, fine, maybe it is hypocritical. That concession doesn’t change the fact that what Akechi
did was irrecoverably stupid. There’s no reason he couldn’t have been content terrorising the
shadows in the upper layers of Mementos.
There’s a part of her that dearly wishes she had just ratted him out days ago when she caught
him coming back, but she wonders if that really would have changed anything. Sumire was,
infuriatingly, right when she pointed out that there really isn’t much to be done but go
forward.
Spilt milk, under-bridge water, cold tea, et cetera. The TV continues to drone on, and Makoto
is still furious.
Maybe she should just punch him and be done with it. She’s been itching to for months at this
point. Assuming Ren doesn’t beat her to it.
“Some breaking news.” The news anchor announces with a grim expression, “The Tokyo
police have just announced the death of the director of the Special Investigations Unit-”
Makoto snaps back to attention.

“-Was found in the early hours of the morning in his office, shot to death. The police have
opened an investigation into the murder, and are offering a thirty-thousand yen reward for
anyone with information regarding-”
The SIU director was one of Shido’s. This, she remembers amidst the swirl of information
being dumped in batches. A small revelation, one that had surprised her for all of three
minutes, if only because that was her sister’s boss.
One of Shido’s, but clearly not important enough to warrant being named a part of his inner
circle. Certainly not important enough for Akechi to name him a part of Shido’s inner circle,
and thus not someone they had to concern themselves with.
And now he’s dead. In an entirely mundane way, as well. Bullets are certainly faster than
killing the manifestation of someone’s psyche, she supposes, even if Shido had the option
still available to him.
Makoto knows three things:
One: That it is almost certainly Shido that arranged this murder. She can hardly fathom
considering an alternative.
Two: With Akechi having long since turned traitor, the most likely culprit for the dirty work
of this operation would have to be Shido’s next favourite assassin. The Cleaner is brutally
efficient, it seems.
Three: With the above in mind, the trail may not yet have gone cold.
A lead.
A lead, and nothing more. Makoto’s spark of triumph is slightly doused at the sudden brick
wall. It’s not as though she can waltz onto the crime scene with a cardboard detective’s badge
and demand to investigate. And even then, what would she do? Employ forensics? With what
data to compare to?
Ah, right. She does know one more thing, as well:
This case will undeniably go cold in the hands of the police. Even without the late SIU
director’s fingers in the investigation, by way of his being the corpse in the equation, Makoto
has seen the list that Sae and Akechi have been filling out of the myriad confirmed
conspiracy members in the force. It would not be difficult for Shido to have those he wishes
assigned to the investigation, and that thirty-thousand yen reward is likely just for show.
So she supposes she can’t hope for the Cleaner’s name and face to be blared across the TV
screen with the announcement he’s been caught anytime soon, either. Nothing’s ever easy.
No forensics, no investigation, no convenience.
You have more than just that. Johanna points out.
That’s true.

If the Phantom Thieves will not be granted access to the physical, then the mental will have
to suffice. A trail is a trail, a path a path, and Makoto is as sick of sitting around as everyone
else.
She stands in a hurry, grabbing the first pen and wayward receipt she can get her hands on,
collapsing on the floor in front of the TV and coffee table in a huff, ready to take notes like
her life depends on it.
***
If there is a lesson that has been beaten into Sae’s head the last weeks, over and over, it is that
leaving things to fester and rot will always leave a stench of something foul.
She used to be rather good at ignoring it. Weigh the pros and cons: Makoto hates her, forever
bitter and resentful, and, yet, food will be on the table, bills paid, and Sae lauded as a rising
star in her career. She barely saw Makoto enough for it to even matter anyway. The answer to
her problems was to simply dig a deeper grave.
But now she’s been forced to breathe cleaner air, and the rotting smell is overpowering each
time it wafts her way.
Waiting for the perfect moment is a fool’s errand. The memory of golden lights set in her
own face, a mockery of her features, tsks and gives her a shove.
Don’t.
Makoto is probably busy. Sae shouldn’t bother her while things have so recently been turned
on their head yet againShe’s the one who reached out first. A stubborn memory hums.
—And all Sae had done in response was spit in the face of her grievances. The perfect
moment doesn’t exist, and Sae would wager that the moment grows steadily worse the longer
she leaves it be.
She stands from her bed with a huff.
Well, then.
She strides into the living room, and freezes in the entryway at the sight of Makoto furiously
scribbling on the back of a receipt, glaring craters into the TV.
Maybe the perfect moment doesn’t exist, but surely some are better than others. She sighs
internally. Too late now. If she turns back around she’ll end up losing her nerve for another
month at least. Possibly several. Likely several.
Sae clears her throat uncomfortably, still not daring to take another step forward.
Makoto’s head whips around, eyes narrowed and ready to unleash her fury on any
unfortunate soul fool enough to interrupt her. They flare wide after a beat, surprise dulling

anger, before they sharpen again.
“Sis.” She says, pointedly turning back to the TV. “I’m busy.”
Oh, the irony.
Sae stiffly moves to stand next to the couch, “What are you working on?”
“Cleaning up Akechi’s mess.”
Sae raises an eyebrow. She’s unsurprised at the venom, but, “I thought the general consensus
was that it was a mess that couldn’t be cleaned up?”
Makoto rolls her eyes, “All of this is his mess if you look hard enough.”
Arguably true, if fiercely uncharitable. Not like Sae can talk.
(With regard to the aforementioned mess, Sae can only muster up the energy to feel tired. She
can only really feel tired, in the days following her encounter with her shadow, but she
supposes that’s better than nothing.)
Sae isn’t really sure what to do with that, regardless. It’s not her job to bear the strain
between whatever the hell her sister and Akechi’s problem with each other is, despite the
nagging voice that tells her it is.
She presses her lips together, “…Do you have a moment?”
“I’m busy.” Makoto repeats.
Sae finally registers what’s on TV, “Watching the news?”
“The SIU Director was found dead this morning.” Makoto delivers the blow primly, clipped,
“I’m certain the Cleaner did it.”
Sae stares, then blinks, “He’s what?”
Makoto doesn’t dignify that with a response, her attention solely fixed on the droning of the
news host, firing off facts about the murder that she diligently records in a hasty scrawl.
Sae takes this as her cue to finally take a seat, a tad dazed.
“I thought you hated your boss.” Makoto comments.
“A bit.” Sae admits. She says nothing more.
Makoto shrugs, and lets it go.
Sae steels herself, and swallows, “We should talk, Makoto.”
“Should we.”

“Don’t be like that.”
Makoto inhales sharply, her knuckles turning white where she grips her pen, “I have things to
do.”
“How much information is that report really giving you?” Sae asks, eyeing the TV as it pans
over some vigil being held at the precinct.
Makoto tosses her pen down on the coffee table, crossing her arms with sharp frustration,
“Barely anything.”
Sae hums.
Makoto silently picks up the remote with resignation, powering off the TV with a click. She
turns to look at Sae fully, “What do you want, Sis?”
Ball’s in her court.
“I should apologise.” Sae begins, haltingly. She has to pry the words from her mouth, a bitter
aftertaste left in their wake.
“Should you.”
Sae remains unenthused at the confirmation that yes, this conversation is going to be grating
the whole way through. She takes another steadying breath, “Yes.”
Makoto stares, “And?”
“I went to see my shadow the other day.” Sae should probably get that out of the way.
Makoto gapes at her.
Maybe she shouldn’t have said anything. She decides in advance to not make the mistake of
ever mentioning it to Akechi.
“You—” Makoto stutters. After a beat of looking a bit like a fish, she throws up her hands
and shouts, “Ugh!”
Sae grimaces.
“Why?” Makoto demands.
Sae takes care to sidestep Akechi’s favoured batch of excuses. “…After we argued, I got in
my own head.” She pauses, “Literally, I suppose.”
Makoto rolls her eyes.
Sae’s grimace widens, “And… that’s about the sum of it.”
“Really.” Is the deadpan reply, pure exasperation overriding and shock that may have
lingered.

“Really.” Sae echoes.
Makoto crosses her arms, “And, what, that’s all you came here to say? And you couldn’t say
this when Akechi and Haru-san were fessing up?”
“No, I—” She pauses, willing herself not to snap. “I wanted to say that you were right.”
Makoto blinks. “Oh.”
Another pause.
“About everything?” She asks suspiciously.
“Most things.” Sae corrects.
“You were avoiding me.” Makoto accuses.
Sae breathes in sharply. No use in denying it- such things have long since served their
purpose. “Yes.”
“You admit you were obsessed with your work.” Makoto pushes.
Sae clenches her jaw, a defence on the tip of her tongue, ready to lash forward. She forces it
back down. “It’s not that simple, but… yes.”
Makoto scoffs, but continues, “You cared more about him than you did me.”
“No.” Not that.
Makoto throws up her hands, “Then, what? Why are you like this?”
A broad demand. “It wasn’t about…”
It wasn’t about Akechi, but that isn’t very true at all. Sae could twist it, say it wasn’t about
Makoto, but that isn’t true either.
There will never be a time where Sae is not in over her head.
“It was about both of you.” She finally says. “And me.”
Makoto scoffs, “No shit, sis.”
“Language.” Sae says reflexively.
Makoto glares at her.
Sae rolls her eyes, but backs down. “Nevermind. What I mean is that— well—” god, what
the hell does she mean? “How I feel about the both of you is complicated.”
“I could have told you that.” Makoto mutters.

“Sure,” Sae waves a hand sharply, “But I wouldn’t have listened. Not to you.”
Makoto eyes her, appraising, “…But you listened to yourself, I take it.”
Sae snorts, “I’m not convinced that thing was me.”
“Believe it.”
She’d rather do anything else. “Well, either way, I’m not going back, so it doesn’t really
matter.” She holds back the urge to fidget, “You’re right that I listened to it, though.”
A flash of curiosity sparks in Makoto’s eyes, “And what did it say?”
Sae presses her lips together. She roots through her confrontation with her shadow in her
memory, trying to find the words.
Words come easy. Words that she’s willing to share, however, are a different beast.
She sighs. “I don’t think I’ll ever be what you want me to be, Makoto.”
Makoto turns away sharply. “I just want my sister.”
She makes it sound so simple. “Well, I’m not very good at that.” Sae dearly wishes she was.
“And besides, you needed me to be a guardian too, and I’m downright bad at that.”
Makoto whips back around to glare at her. “I don’t need a guardian.”
Sae shoots her a look. “You’re a child. Of course you do.”
Makoto barrels on, ignoring that. “You were just fine at being my sister before Dad died.”
“Was I? Really?” Sae scoffs. “I didn’t have a job, then. Dad was always busy too, and you
don’t resent him for it.”
“That’s not—” Makoto stutters, her eyes going wide.
“You remember that time very differently than I do.” Sae grits out.
Makoto sneers, “Don’t turn this back around on me.”
Sae wants to argue. She feels venom creeping up her throat like bile, knives sitting at the
edge of her tongue. She holds it in.
She swallows, and takes a breath. “You’re right.”
Makoto scoffs, “Great.”
“This is what I mean, Makoto.”
“What?” Is the unhappy and petulant response, “That we’re doomed to never get along ever
again?”

“I didn’t mean that.” Sae mutters.
Makoto gestures violently, “Then, what? You can’t be my sister, I don’t want you to mother
me—”
“Then who will end up putting food on the table?” Sae demands, “Pay the bills?”
Makoto makes a frustrated sound between clenched teeth, “If it was really so much, then you
could have asked me to help.”
“You’re a child.” Sae repeats, “I can’t ask that.”
“And you resented me for it anyway.” Makoto says, cold.
Well. Sae can’t argue that.
Makoto looks away again, “Is that why you spend so much more time with Akechi? Because
he was doing something?” She laughs bitterly, “Had a fulltime job while juggling school and
TV appearances while I’m just a measly honours student?”
“…More like two fulltime jobs, I suppose.” Sae says, for lack of anything better to say.
“Oh, brilliant.”
Sae ignores the biting sass. “He was… easier to deal with.”
“Really.” Makoto deadpans.
“Comparatively.” Sae amends, “Back then, at least. But I barely even know how to be in the
same room as you anymore.”
Makoto is silent, her head tilting down.
“I think I want to get my own place after high school.” She eventually says.
Something in Sae’s gut twists. Well, that’s that then. She’s screwed all this up so badly that
her sister will be ditching her for greener pastures at the first opportunity. A rift too wide, the
bridge long since burned to ash.
“I don’t—” Makoto cuts off her spiral, clicking her tongue, “I don’t mean that…” She tries
again, “I think we’d get along better if we didn’t live together.”
Sae gives her a long look, knocked off kilter, “You think so?”
Makoto shrugs weakly, “Maybe. Half the problem is that you have to take care of me, right? I
can take care of myself. You don’t have to worry about me.”
“You shouldn’t rush.” She barely thinks before the words are out of her mouth, “You’re
young, and getting your own place while you’re still completing your studies is
complicated.”

Makoto rolls her eyes, “It all comes back to studying, doesn’t it?”
“It’s important.” Sae retorts, feeling a bit chastised.
Half a smile flickers at the edges of Makoto’s lips, “I know. But it’s not like I’m struggling.”
“University’s different.”
“I know that too.” Makoto sighs, “But I think I should try. Besides, it’s not like you’ll be
locking the door behind me after I leave, right?”
“Of course not.”
“Then it’s worth a shot.” She knits her fingers together, “It’s better than you hating me for
being another thing on your plate.”
Sae winces, “I never hated you, Makoto.” She never could.
“It sure felt like it.”
Another failure for the pile, then. She wonders how many other misconceptions she’s let stew
between those who are most important to her.
“It’ll be a while before that happens, anyway.” Makoto says, and Sae hates that she feels
she’s being comforted, “I might have to repeat my third year.”
For everyone’s sake, Sae hopes not. “You’ve been a near perfect student thus far. And you’ve
been keeping up with the school work even while you’re not in class.”
“Well, Shujin isn’t exactly the height of rationality, so.” Makoto huffs.
That’s true. There’s a part of Sae that wishes she had picked a different school, when
hurriedly scouting for a place after their father died and Makoto was set to graduate middle
school barely a few months after. That ship has long since sailed, unfortunately.
“…If you’re sure.” She finally concedes.
“I’m not.” Makoto admits, “But I want to. And I’ve been planning on it for a while, anyway.”
And what more can Sae ask for? A twenty-step plan for how she plans to navigate this
change in her life? It wouldn’t be remiss, she supposes, but even she can acknowledge what
constitutes a step too far.
Makoto eyes the abandoned note-taking receipt still sitting on the coffee table. She clears her
throat. “If that’s everything?”
It doesn’t feel like it should be all. The win scenario in Sae’s head involved a full
reconciliation, a complete sisterly re-bonding for everything they’ve missed, everything
they’ve left behind. Complete with hugs, joyful tears, and a family dinner to boot.

It was never going to be quite right. It wouldn’t have felt right if it was.
Sae can still try and go for the half mile. “What do you want for dinner tonight?”
Makoto stares, “Huh?”
“You heard me.”
The stare turns suspicious. “Right…” A pause, “…What’s in the fridge?”
“Don’t mind that.” Sae instructs, “Whatever you want, I’ll make.”
“You can’t get groceries.” Makoto points out.
“I’ll ask Takamaki.” Sae deflects. It does feel a bit in poor taste, to demand their gracious
host fulfill such a request, but surely she’ll understand.
Makoto must be thinking the same thing, by the look on her face, but she doesn’t comment.
“…Stirfry.” She says eventually.
“Just stirfry?”
Makoto shrugs, “I like the way you make it.”
Sae tries not to feel too proud. It’s hardly appropriate, when she hasn’t made it in over a year.
She nods, and stands, “Stirfry it is.”

Chapter End Notes

woah some actual progress on shuake? complete with Ren pushing his luck? i never
thought i'd see the day
I FORGOT LAST TIME BECAUSE I AM A CAPITAL F FOOL BUT eelektrossfan on
tumblr (and twitter i believe?) made some art of the bmtrio, which you can find here :)
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! hurry it up akechi, i'm running out of quips for this section of the end note
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX

Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 4
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: You're being a dumbass
Metatron: Yeah Ren, you're being a dumbass
Ren: you don't get to bully me with the force of two people when i only fucked up once

Chapter 95
Chapter Summary

Bold plays and mystery solving

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sumire cannot for the life of her tell how many of her thoughts are catastrophising and how
much is rationalisation.
Her plan is, by definition, extremely foolish. But she also has an inkling that it might be
something resembling clever, and that the consequences are not as destructive as one might
immediately assume. Besides, while the thieves traipse down a path filled with endless
roadblocks, what other choice does she have than to be a bit reckless?
That sounds like something Ren would say. That sounds like something Goro would say.
Sumire starts wondering if this is a terrible idea after all.
Too late to back down. Or rather, she’s already come all this way, and turning back now
would leave a sour taste of defeat in her mouth.
Now she really sounds like Goro.
Well, in for a penny.
Sumire knocks quickly, thirteen times in rapid succession, on the door to Doctor Maruki’s old
practice. She isn’t sure if he still offers sessions, but she’s pretty sure he also lives here, which
is both a bit funny and kind of sad.
She’s about to go for knock number fourteen before the door swings open, revealing one
harried looking and vaguely panicked Takuto Maruki.
Sumire is struck by the sudden and certain revelation that this is definitely a bad idea. But
now that the Doctor has seen her, she also knows that all she can do is lie down in the grave
she’s dug.
Why him? Ella asks with some distaste, like she doesn’t already know, and like Sumire isn’t
asking herself the same question despite it all.
The three following things are true:

One, while Maruki had access to the depths of Mementos as its newly crowned god; he, his
persona, and the unique implements within his palace were able to scour the depths for
knowledge about its residents. Its residents, Sumire assumes, including anyone who has ever
had a connection to the collective unconscious. Which is to say: everyone.
Two, Maruki is the type to be helpful to a fault. A martyr. Sumire doesn’t plan on asking for
anything so dramatic, but she feels she can be certain he will help her if she asks.
Three, is that he’d damn well better help her, because Maruki certainly owes her.
Sumire adds an addendum to her knowledge of three things.
Four, she has no idea how much this version of Takuto Maruki knows about Mementos and
the Metaverse in general.
That might be problematic.
Clearly he knows something, if he’s already awakened to his persona enough to use it. Not to
mention his shadow, which knows far too much. Though Sumire isn’t sure if she wants to
poke the sleeping bear in that regard.
Though surely said bear is going to wake up at some point no matter what she does, right?
Given recent events, though, she certainly doesn’t want to be the one to wake it up early.
“Yoshizawa-san?” Maruki gapes at her.
Right, yes. The grave she dug. She should probably get comfortable.
“Um.” Bad start. “Hello, Doctor.”
Maruki blinks, quickly rubbing at his eyes underneath his glasses, like he thinks he’s seeing
things. “Uh.” Bad start for him, too. “Yes. I— it’s been a while?”
Sumire thinks of when he came to speak to Haru on the roof. “Not that long.”
“Well,” Maruki stumbles over his words again, “I meant— since you’ve been here.”
That’s true. Sumire in this timeline only had about three sessions before the weight of a year
lost came crashing on her mind. She’s been doing moderately well at avoiding the man ever
since, though her track record at avoiding his private practice and the nurse's office is far
more successful.
“It has.” She comments, wringing her hands. “…Can I come in?”
Maruki nearly falls over, leaping back from the door. “Of course! Um— it’s a bit messy— I
haven’t reopened since I left Shujin, actually-”
Sumire tunes him out, taking in the sight of the cramped lobby. It’s familiar, but not too
familiar. Even in the original 2016, she only came here about two extra times before moving
most of her sessions to Shujin’s nurses’ office for convenience.

“—Sort of between jobs. I’ve been trying to finish my paper still, actually…” Maruki
suddenly trails off with a nervous laugh, “…But you don’t need me dumping all that on you.
My apologies.”
All told, that small faux pas is probably at the bottom of Sumire’s list of grievances.
“…I’m technically not open.” Maruki adds, when Sumire stays silent. “But, if you came all
this way for a session, then I’d be happy to—”
“No.” Sumire blurts. “No, I’d really rather not.”
Maruki gapes, before mumbling, “I… sort of expected that.”
So he does notice when he’s getting the cold shoulder.
“I don’t need therapy.” Sumire declares, and she tries not to begrudge Maruki’s poorly
concealed dubious look, “But I do need your help.”
Maruki blinks, “I see…” he coughs, “Well, I’d be happy to help you, of course, Yoshizawasan. Just… if you aren’t here for counselling, then I’m really not sure what I’d be helping you
with?”
“You have other skills.” Sumire points out, a bit confused.
“None that your friends don’t also share, I’d think?” Maruki clarifies, looking sheepish.
Technically, he’s correct. On a broad level, at the very least. With some tedium, the thieves
could scour Mementos for answers, interrogating shadows to pry for their knowledge. But
given that they don’t even know where to begin, and that Maruki’s particular skill set is far
more targeted, this is the best option.
…It really does still feel like rationalisation.
Can Maruki even do this stuff consciously? Now, before his persona is fully formed?
“…There’s something you can do that no one else can.” Sumire toes the waters carefully.
Maruki looks taken aback, laughing uncomfortably, “News to me!”
Sumire realises yet another problem in her plan.
Goodness, they’re piling up.
The snark is unnecessary. Nevertheless, the problem is that this conversation is most certainly
going to be a dance of the two of them trying to figure out how much the other knows.
Sumire presses her lips together, “…Ren-senpai mentioned your research to me once.”
Maruki’s eyes widen, “He did? Well!” A slightly baffled laugh, “He did seem interested, um,
months ago— before he started avoiding me.” He trails off.

Sumire coughs politely into her hand.
“…Or maybe I’m overthinking it.” Maruki adds.
“Probably.” Sumire says, avoiding eye contact.
“Yes, probably.” He agrees, not sounding particularly convinced, “Um, what did he say?”
Sumire doesn’t have a clue what Maruki has told Ren in the past. “Oh…” She hums, “Stuff.”
“Stuff?”
“Mhm.”
Maruki waits for her to elaborate. Sumire physically can’t, so she doesn’t.
Does he already know who the thieves are? Sumire can’t remember. Surely Ren wouldn’t
have told him, this time around. But making assumptions has bitten her before, so.
“The election’s soon.” She blurts.
Maruki’s expression darkens, “It is.”
“I can’t vote, but…” Sumire curses herself for stating the obvious, “Um, what are you
thinking?”
He laughs tightly, “Well, it’s how it always is, you know? No one ever looks particularly
appealing.”
Sumire barely knows who the other candidates are. Someone named Kasukabe seems Shido’s
biggest contender, from memory. “Everyone seems pretty thrilled about Shido.”
“Ah.” Maruki fidgets, “How do you feel about him?”
“I really don’t like him.” Sumire says frankly.
He looks relieved, “Me neither, honestly. We’ve never met, but…”
“Similar circles?” Sumire offers. She’d be surprised, if she didn’t already know.
“Yes!” Maruki nods, “That.”
Sumire hums.
After a moment, Maruki looks baffled again, “Uh… so, is the election relevant, or…?”
Well, if she doesn’t give him anything to work with, then this won’t go anywhere.
“A bit.” She admits.
Some shock. “Oh?”

“Well, more relevant to Shido, specifically.” Sumire tugs at her ponytail.
The shock melts into something that might be dread, “…Oh?”
Sumire quickly folds her hands together when she accidentally snaps a strand of hair. “I need
information.”
Maruki stares, “And… you think I can get it for you?”
“Well you’re good at…” hm. “Swaying people’s hearts. So I wondered if you were any good
at reading them, too.”
Maruki suddenly looks very pale. “Um.”
Sumire waits.
Maruki coughs. “Uh— yes. Right. So. …You?”
She picks at her nails.
“…Did Amamiya-kun tell you this?”
“Personal experience.” Sumire says tightly.
Maruki puffs out his cheeks, “Okay. Yes —ha— I was wondering if you… noticed? I mean, I
would have sounded crazy if I asked if you remembered what your name is, and just plain
rude if I pretended I didn’t remember, and it was pretty clear you were going by Sumire,
rather than—”
“Yes,” Sumire snaps, “I noticed.”
“Yes.” Maruki echoes. “That makes sense.”
This is a mess. Sumire suddenly wishes she had dragged Haru or Goro into this, if only for
their sharp tongues. They probably would have turned such a blade on her, if she told them
her plan, though, so it’s really for the best she’s left them in the dark.
For now. The cat will come out of the bag eventually. Preferably when Sumire can come to
them with a side of results to soften the blow.
Do not pull the punches of your conviction.
Ah.
Sumire has a moment of clarity.
There is no way to reason with a man like Takuto Maruki. His ideals are too solidified in
grief and folly, no cracks to wedge things like logic and opposing pathos inside. He will
always stand at the thieves opposition come the day where he gains the power to do so.

But, at least for now, their goals align. And while their goals align, the doctor cannot be so
easily swayed. Sumire doesn’t think she’s wrong to seek his help when all other options are
exhausted.
Perhaps she’s just as foolish as she’s ever been, just as foolish as Goro and Haru for their
most recent sojourn into enemy territory, but she’ll scrape something out of this whether
Maruki wants her to or not.
Ren will surely be furious, but he’ll live. Sumire finds that she doesn’t care much.
“Since we’re on the same page.” She straightens her back, making an effort to look Maruki in
the eye, “I want your help.”
Maruki goes to say something, and Sumire cuts him off.
“You won’t be turning any of your abilities in my direction.” She ought to get this out of the
way, “Whatever you think is best for me.”
Maruki stutters, “I— that was never my—”
Yes, his intent was more than pure. There was a time when Sumire had found it within herself
to be genuinely grateful, even just a day before everything had turned on its head. That time
has long past, and she no longer has the space beyond the knots in her chest.
“That’s my first condition.” Sumire interrupts. “The next is that this stays between us.”
“Well, if it’s dangerous, then—”
“You’ll understand why this has to stay private in a second.” She brushes him off, and he
shuts up. Her hands are shaking, “Do you agree?”
Maruki gives her a long look. He chuckles, “You really don’t like me very much.” He
comments, “You must be desperate, to come to me then.”
Sumire gives no affirmative.
Maruki nods, solemn, “I agree to your terms.” He blanches, “Um— unless you’re asking me
to harm someone? I think that’s a good line to draw.”
“Do you mind indirectly harming Shido?” Sumire asks blithely.
“Well indirectly isn’t so bad.” Maruki says immediately, ever the master of the loophole.
“Great. Because you’ll be doing that.”
“Right.” He coughs. “Uh, more specifically, what exactly do you want me to do?”
“I really just need information.” Sumire tries not to fidget, “A name. Someone Shido hires to
do jobs for him.”

Maruki blinks, looking a bit in over his head, “And— you think I can get this information?
And— why do you need it?”
“I know you can get this information.” Sumire insists. She’ll let him draw his own
conclusions about the second question. The solution to being a terrible liar is to just not
speak.
Maruki gives her a dubious look, “…Something to do with,” he falters, “Ah, what I did to
you?”
“That’s the one.” Sumire says dully.
“Right.” Maruki presses his lips together, “Yoshizawa-san, I’ll be honest, I really don’t know
how to help you.”
“You can.” She tells him, finally injecting some determination into her voice, “What you do
to people— it’s different, but in the same… realm.”
“And… you know this.”
Sumire nods furiously.
He must sense some truth to her words, given he hasn’t dismissed her entirely just yet. “If
you’re certain…” He mutters, “But, before that. Can I ask, are you a member of the Phantom
Thieves?”
Hm. Sumire presses her lips together.
Maruki seems spurred on by her silence. Maybe she should have tried for a lie after all. “And,
are Amamiya-kun, Sakamoto-kun, and Takamaki-san also members?”
Sumire grimaces.
Maruki lets out a breathless chuckle, “I thought so! Ah— sorry, you’re probably wondering
how I knew, yes?”
Well, yes. “A bit.”
“I saw the three of them— well, I think they must have been exiting a cognitive manifestation
of some kind. They just,” He makes a poof sound, “Out of thin air! And if you’re a member
too, I can probably guess who else is…”
Sumire would really rather he didn’t, but she supposes she can’t exactly stop him. Doesn’t
mean she has to sit through it, though. “Back to the matter at hand?”
Maruki nearly chokes, “Ah- yes. Sorry. It’s just nice to get confirmation. I wasn’t sure if I
was going crazy.”
Sumire can understand that at least. “So you will help me?”

“I said I would.” Maruki nods, “But, again, it might not be a matter of want.”
“You can figure it out.” He has before.
Maruki still looks a bit sceptical. “Right… I’m sure. Though, um, are you able to be a bit
more specific? I think I’m being set up for failure if I don’t know who to look for alongside
not knowing how.”
Sumire blinks. Right, whoops. “A yakuza assassin.”
“A what?!”
***
There’s a sense of serenity that comes with having nothing better to do.
If life were not so turned on its head, Akechi thinks he would have been in prime position to
do something about their little problem with the Cleaner. Such as potentially meeting him
face to face, if luck were on his side.
Which it rarely is, so perhaps the thought is moot.
The SIU director is dead now, of course, and the knowledge should probably bring Akechi
some vague sense of unease. He can’t really bring himself to feel anything about it now, and
all he offered the news as he saw it was a dubious raised eyebrow. Funny, that Shido was so
desperate to get rid of the man that he resorted to far messier methods for lack of a mental
shutdown. Maybe that should have been Akechi’s route to tracking down the Cleaner.
Hypotheticals are hardly ever useful, though, and Akechi remains with nothing better to do.
Nothing better to do beyond wandering the surface layer of Mementos, that is.
There’s a certain serenity to this place, too. A commodity which he is rarely granted, even if
it comes with a veneer of falsehood he is all too happy to ignore.
Limbo has bled into hell, and Akechi deserves to take a damn walk.
“Your pose was better five steps ago.”
Akechi closes his eyes.
Yusuke Kitagawa was not the person he expected to run into here, but he supposes he should
have expected it, if only because he really ought to start expecting the unexpected. So much
for serenity.
The man in question is sitting dead centre in the scramble crossing, an easel and palette stood
in front of him.
What are you doing here dies on Akechi’s tongue. The answer should be obvious even
without the visual cue.

“How long have you been painting me?” He demands instead.
“I haven’t started.” Kitagawa admits. “I was painting the city, but your presence adds
something to the composition I quite enjoy.”
Of course. “I’m not going to pose for you.”
Kitagawa frowns, “Can you not be convinced?”
“No.”
“A shame.” He sighs, “Well, unless you have other business, you are welcome to join me.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “In painting?”
“If you wish, but simply your company will suffice if not.” Kitagawa turns back to the
skyscraper landscape, haloed in red, and dabs some more paint onto his brush.
You do have nothing better to do. Robin points out.
An irritatingly correct statement. Surely even wandering aimlessly would be a better use of
his time?
It wouldn’t, Akechi answers himself before one of his personas gets the chance to quip
something snarky, rolling his eyes as he wanders over to stand behind Kitagawa.
Kitagawa smiles at him briefly, before refocusing on his canvas. The painting is as
technically skilled as Akechi expected, depicting the cityscape in effortless detail, all bathed
in that dull red of Mementos.
What really draws his eye, though, is the sky. Kitagawa has brushed it in swirling reds and
blacks, a spillage of a silvery miasma in its centre; a distant star absent from the true scene
before them.
“I have painted Mementos before.” Kitagawa comments as Akechi takes in his work,
“Though it was in the tunnels, as Ren escorted me. Just a sketch, lest shadows and the reaper
accost us.”
“No such trouble up here.” Akechi hums.
“Exactly.” Kitagawa nods, “And I admit I feel I limited myself in fixating on the
underground. I had dismissed the upper level as an exact reflection of reality, and not worth
my time.”
“I take you changed your mind.”
“Obviously, yes.” Kitagawa huffs a laugh, “I haven’t yet managed to extrapolate a
meaningful difference in the buildings, but the sky does captivate me.”

Akechi looks up, tilting his head. When he first stumbled into Mementos, all those years ago,
the sky had made him dizzy with vertigo from its constant movement. Learning that he had
not yet escaped the hell he had assumed was limited to the tunnels until he figured out that
his phone was the source may have contributed, as well.
“It’s certainly different.” He comments.
“And yet you find no meaning in it?”
“No.” Akechi admits, “If meaning is not immediately obvious in the Metaverse, it’s rarely
there at all.”
“I didn’t take you for someone to only examine things on the surface level.” Kitagawa tears
his eyes away from his work to instead study Akechi.
Akechi scowls, “You apply observations on a broader scale than you should.”
Kitagawa’s face scrunches, looking chastised. “Ah… that is a habit of mine.” He picks up a
palate knife, mixing acrylics together, “I have dragged Ren out on a fair few adventures in the
past. Every time I thought I was coming close to understanding some universal truth of
beauty, I was soundly proven wrong.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow, “You believe art’s foremost purpose is to be beautiful?” It isn’t a
philosophy he expected from Kitagawa.
“In a sense.” Kitagawa nods, “But that beauty can be found in many things is something I’ve
learnt as well.”
So, a nothing statement. Typical of an artist, Akechi supposes.
“The Sayuri was my muse for a very long time.” Kitagawa continues. “When I thought it
painted by Madarame, I tended to forgive him for a lot of things. No man who created
something so beautiful could be entirely awful.”
“A foolish thought.”
Kitagawa huffs, a grimace twisting his lips. “Apparently so. And it turns out Madarame never
even painted it to start.”
“Who did?”
“My mother.”
Ah. Akechi swallows.
Kitagawa shoots him a look, though not one Akechi can read, “I did try to tell you we had
much in common, once.”
Akechi scoffs, “What? By virtue of having mothers?”

Kitagawa frowns, “Well, if you insist on putting it like that.”
This remains a discussion Akechi doesn’t care to have.
“Anyway.” He deflects, and eyes the scenery again, “…You find this place beautiful?”
“I often find the human heart a beautiful thing.” Kitagawa smiles, “Why would the
combination of many of them not also be beautiful?”
“Because usually the culmination of human hearts results in a shitty subway.” Akechi
deadpans.
Kitagawa sighs, “I admit I had a rather… flat view of this place, at first.” He adds another
stroke, “I found human desire to be fascinatingly ugly. Tainted and impure, while the Sayuri
stood as a paragon of virtues.”
“Even more idiotic than your last folly.” Akechi drawls.
“I wouldn’t say that.” Kitagawa hums lightly, “I was still wrong, of course.”
“And are you right, now?”
“Perhaps not.” Kitagawa shrugs, “But maybe I am.”
“So you don’t know.”
“I suspect I never will.” Kitagawa sighs, “The time I’m most confident in any given truth is
often when there is something lurking around a corner to prove it false.”
Akechi is sick of standing. He lowers himself to the ground, cross-legged, leaning his chin
against his hand. “And so you come here, to hunt for universal truths.”
“Something like that.” Kitagawa dismisses.
Akechi rolls his eyes.
Kitagawa busies himself spreading some more paint, brightening the added star in the sky of
his canvas, before he speaks again. “Tell me, what did Maruki’s reality look like?”
Akechi blinks, back straightening in surprise.
“I’m curious.” Kitagawa adds, when Akechi takes too long to respond.
Well, that erases Akechi’s first question of why the hell do you want to know. “…Like
Tokyo.”
“Obviously.” Kitagawa scoffs, “He did not manufacture a complete fantasy land. The
specifics, please.”
“Well, it was January.” Akechi intones flatly, “So it snowed, every so often.”

Kitagawa shoots him an exasperated look. “Specifics.”
Akechi drags a hand down his face, wondering why he’s even bothering indulging this.
Kitagawa is strange and incomprehensible on the best of days; meeting his wavelength for
even a short chat should be cause for alarm, frankly. “Everyone smiled too much. It was the
dead of winter, but the sun always shone a bit too bright.”
Kitagawa whips a hand out to snatch a sketchbook that had been resting on his easel, nodding
vigorously as he pulls a pencil from behind his ear. “Continue.”
Akechi sighs, “I said it snowed- and it did -but never like it should. It was too…” he clicks
his tongue, “Gentle. Never any ice to slip on under the piles of it.”
“I see.” Kitagawa mutters, furiously making marks across the page.
“His palace was mostly white.” Akechi continues, “Excluding Eden at the top.” And the
thrice-damned light puzzles.
Kitagawa blinks, “Eden? Is that a moniker you’ve granted the place, or one inherent?”
“Inherent.” Akechi snaps. “The whole palace was exceedingly biblical.”
“Fascinating.” Kitagawa murmurs, “Maruki’s psyche is a wealth of inspiration, it seems. I
look forward to seeing it in person.”
Theoretically, there’s nothing saying Maruki will become a problem in the future. Though,
who is Akechi kidding with that. “I don’t.”
“A pity.” Kitagawa remarks, “But I suppose you’ve seen it before.”
Died there, too. “More than I care to recall.”
Kitagawa hums, narrowing his eyes at his hasty sketch. Akechi hauls himself to his feet to
take a look. It’s about as abstract and inscrutable as he expected.
“So.” Akechi says, leaning back so he isn’t looming, “Are you here on a break, or is this your
way of hunting down the Cleaner?”
“A break.” Kitagawa says shortly, “Do you truly believe I of all people am capable of
tracking this man down?”
Akechi remembers stalking the thieves in the finals stretch of Shido’s palace, so he knows
that Kitagawa is, at the very least, capable of distracting the Cleaner, cognitive double aside.
Actually tracking him is another matter, and he does have to admit that Kitagawa is on his list
of least likely candidates to get them out of this bind. “No, I suppose not.”
“Exactly.” Kitagawa sniffs, and adds a halfhearted dab of paint to his canvas, “I’m surprised
you’re here, though.”

Akechi sincerely doubts that, given how unbothered the man was upon their meeting. “I have
nothing better to do.”
“Then we’re all out of ideas, it seems.”
Now that is an unfortunate truth. Akechi is half tempted to declare they all just give up on the
Cleaner, just to get Shido’s palace finished and out of his damn mind, but, well,
There’s so much risk. So much hinging on luck, that if there’s even the possibility they’re
saving themselves by doing the heavy lifting now, then it might just be worth it.
“What are you thinking?” Kitagawa asks without turning around.
“That I’m starting to think like Ren.” Akechi replies bitterly. Too much caution, and an
unfortunate bundle of hope that’s lodged itself in his chest. It would be far less work if he
didn’t care what happened at the end of it all.
He’d like to say he doesn’t, but dammit, dammit, he does.
Kitagawa chuckles, “For better or worse, perhaps.”
Akechi snorts. “Definitely for worse.”
(The Hanged Man hums a pleased melody, neglected for so long, and grows to its fifth rank.
Akechi weaves it in with everything else he’s tried to ignore, and wonders when this will all
pay off.)
***
Despite feeling marginally less scattered, Ren still isn’t entirely sure where to go from here.
He’d say the unfamiliarity of Haru’s penthouse apartment isn’t helping, but he knows that’d
be grasping for excuses.
Maybe combing Mementos is really their only option. It’s not impossible, per se, just tedious.
His phone rings.
He half expects Futaba to be calling him, despite her being in just the room over, or, hell,
even Goro, but he cocks his head in surprise as he sees Makoto’s name flash on his screen.
“Hello, Ren.” Makoto says crisply as soon as Ren picks up the phone.
“Hey.” Ren flops back on his bed, “This a social call or something else?”
“Something else.” A pause. “I… might have an idea for a lead.”
Ren sits up. “Oh?”
“Well, it’s nothing so solid.” Makoto admits, “Just an idea, but it is a start. I figured since
the SIU director was murdered, we-”

“He was what?”
Another pause, more pointed this time. “Do you… not watch the news?”
“Not often.” Ren mutters.
“I suppose that explains why you haven’t heard.” Makoto clicks her tongue, distracted,
“Well, I suppose you’ll hear it from me: The SIU director was found dead in his office
yesterday, and the police are supposedly investigating it.”
“The Cleaner killed him.” Ren clocks immediately.
“That’s the assumption I’m working with.” Makoto agrees. “The people on the investigation
are probably Shido’s too, so I was thinking,” she sighs, “Oh, I don’t know- maybe that they’ll
know something, or they’d have interacted with the Cleaner’s subordinates, and that we
could start chasing a lead that way.”
It’s a good lead. Which, of course, is relative, as it’s better than the nothing Ren had before.
It does still boil down to combing through Mementos, though. Ren’s nerves have not been
saved by Makoto’s timely intervention.
“If it’s all we have, we may as well chase it.” Ren declares, “I’ll get Futaba on getting the
names of the people on the investigation, and we can start hunting them in Mementos.”
“Great.” Makoto sounds relieved, “I’m glad we can finally start doing something. I think I’m
going stir crazy.”
Ren snorts, “You aren’t the only one, I hear.”
“I noticed.” She says drily. “See you.”
“Bye.” He responds, and the line goes dead.
Ren sighs as he shuffles with little dignity out of his bed, opening the door to the hall to track
down Futaba.
On the way to the living room, Morgana spots him and starts trotting next to his feet. “What’s
up?”
“Trying to find Futaba.” Ren explains.
“I think she’s in the living room.” Morgana rolls his shoulders slightly, “Haru’s there too.”
Ren tries not to grimace. He’s reached a truce with Goro, though he doesn’t care to have a
repeat of the conversation with Haru for a multitude of reasons. He figures dropping the cold
shoulder might be enough to settle the matter, though he isn’t entirely confident.
His pondering is cut short as he enters the living room, giving an awkward nod to Haru and
Futaba as he does, despite the latter’s nose being buried in her laptop. Morgana leaps into

Haru’s lap, and she giggles slightly, giving him a scratch behind the ears.
She meets Ren’s eyes, and her mirth cools, “Ren-kun, is there something you need?”
Makes sense he has to work harder than that. Nothing in life is easy. “From Futaba, mostly.
But—uh—hi.”
Haru looks vaguely bemused. Ren misses when he was smooth.
…Were you ever smooth? Metatron asks dubiously. Arsène snorts somewhere in Ren’s mind,
clearly eager to respond, and Ren pushes the both of them down.
Futaba whistles, “O-kay, moving on, whaddya need?”
“Makoto has an idea.” Ren says.
Haru tilts her head, “For tracking down the Cleaner?”
Ren nods, and Morgana narrows his eyes, “What’s she thinking?”
“Well.” Ren shoves his hands in his pockets, “Apparently the SIU director got murdered.”
Futaba hums, and types away at something, “Yeah, I did see the news on that. Probably the
Cleaner, right?” She types some more, before freezing over her keyboard. “Ooo! Does Queen
want me to track down the goons that are supposed to be investigating?”
“Bingo.” Ren snaps his fingers at her, “Can you do it?”
“Can I do it, he says.” Futaba mocks. “Of course I can.”
Haru looks between them, eyes wide and rapt with attention, “You think we can track him
down with just that?”
“No.” Ren says, and Haru frowns, “We’ll have to go subway diving with whatever Futaba
fishes up.”
Haru sighs, slumping slightly, “I see…”
“Shido can’t toss us a freebie, huh?” Morgana complains, eyes squeezing shut as he yawns.
“Not in his dictionary, I don’t think.” Ren quips. Like father like son, he thinks for a beat
before crushing the thought somewhere it’ll never see the light of day again.
“It’s no fun if it’s free.” Futaba says; which is a blatant lie, but Ren appreciates the attempt at
enthusiasm. “I’ll get started on that.”
“How long will it take?” Morgana hops out of Haru’s lap to squint at Futaba’s laptop.
Futaba shrugs, “A day, if I’m lucky? Maybe more.”
Ren presses his lips together, but nods anyway.

They have less than a month, by now. It’s doable, but only if they start doing sooner rather
than later. It might be the time to stop acting like they have days to spare.
More to the point: it might be time for riskier plays.
Like what?
Ren doesn’t know. He doesn’t want to know, so he doesn’t have to consider playing them.
The thought of it unwinds a spool of dread in his gut, razor sharp and entirely convinced that
nothing is going to go their way.
“Make all this your top priority.” He tells Futaba. “The sooner we find something, the sooner
we can finally get this palace cleared.”
“Or, he’ll be a scrub in Mementos.” Futaba says, already typing away.
Haru snorts in blatant disbelief.
***
Perhaps it’s time to start making moves.
No one has ever accused Shido of being an idle man, but it’s difficult to act against a target
one cannot see. If the thieves are not going to make a move, then Shido will simply have to
do so himself. He’s not so arrogant to lay claim to a throne without checking if there are
assassins lurking at its back.
There’s a question that should have been solved months ago. That being: who are the
Phantom Thieves?
Children, to start. Akechi is one of them too, so that’s one down and who-knows to go.
Perhaps he’d have a more accurate look at how much work he’s setting himself up to do this
evening if anyone in his employ was even the slightest bit competent. A number would have
been nice.
Something he and anyone with a brain deduced months ago is that they’re Shujin students,
almost certainly. Some of them, at the very least; there would be no reason for their first
target to be Kamoshida otherwise. Why would they know of him, or care, if they weren’t the
victims themselves?
And thus, the first dead end. He recalls the SIU director had the principal of that school
conduct investigations into the student body, which predictably turned up nothing. And
naturally now they’re both dead, Shido can’t ask anything in the way of clarifying questions.
Shido clicks his tongue, and spins in his chair to face the window. God forbid children be
easy to catch.
He swipes open his phone, typing in a number, and waiting for the line to click through.
Only one ring. Must be a slow day. “Something up, Boss?”

Sasaki sounds worried. For himself, most likely. It isn’t often Shido rings him out of the blue.
“I need a favour. How far did your lot get in investigating Shujin with regard to the Phantom
Thieves?”
There’s a pause. “Not… that far.” Sasaki starts, placating.
“I don’t care.” Shido cuts him off, “All I need is the reports.”
“Then you’ll get them.” Sasaki catches on. “Only be a moment, Boss.”
“Good.” Shido snips, and hangs up.
To Sasaki’s credit, it does only take a moment for an email from a burner address to appear in
his inbox. Lists and summaries of the ongoing and thoroughly stalled investigation, all
complied for perusal.
Efficient, yet not enough to make this less tedious. A shame, but expected.
And so he reads,
And reads,
And reads.
Shido can conclude three things:
The first: the one that jumped out at him, the one that intrigues him most, is that Makoto
Niijima has been absent from class ever since the chaos with Akechi’s arrest and subsequent
escape. Sae Niijima, notably, was the last person to see Akechi in his cell while still in
custody, and was quick to vanish off the face of the map in the aftermath. Perhaps the state of
the kid made her pity him, or dredged up some compassion for criminals that was
conspicuously absent beforehand, or hell, Akechi just changed her heart.
If her younger sister was not aware of the thieves and their activities beforehand, she
certainly is now.
The second: There are at least three students that stick out like a sore thumb when
considering Kamoshida as a first target. Ryuji Sakamoto, Ren Amamiya, and Yuuki Mishima
were all slated to be expelled by the man before his change of heart, and miraculously
escaped unscathed thanks to the sudden confession.
The former two, notably, have spent a considerable amount of time hovering in circles
alongside the missing student council president.
The third: something absent from the notes, but something Shido recalls himself, is that Haru
Okumura has been awfully friendly with Akechi in the past. Lurking in the corners of parties
they both obviously hate, apparently too stupid to not notice how obvious their little
partnership was.

Shido isn’t sure whether to consider Okumura senior’s psychotic breakdown a point for or
against the younger Okumura’s involvement with the thieves. Perhaps Akechi’s blunder was
simply a favour for the girl.
Something to consider.
Makoto Niijima, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ren Amamiya, and Haru Okumura. All prime candidates,
but nothing solid. Even in the case of Niijima, knowing who she is is meaningless when she’s
missing.
Hm?
How curious. Shido almost laughs. Amamiya is under the care of Sakura of all people. Even
the name seems strangely familiar, though he’s no idea from where. All circumstantial, of
course, the kind of evidence that would only fly in a court of law if Shido had his grip on it.
But he does have his grip on it. Who knows? Maybe Wakaba’s girl is in on the whole thing
too.
It’s a start. Quite the compelling start. This work could have been done months ago.
He scoffs to himself. Akechi clearly did do this work months ago. It’s a shame his loyalty
was dashed before he handed over the damn names.
No matter. Half his ducks are in a row. Now all that remains is what to do with them.

Chapter End Notes

Surely nothing horrible will come of all this. right? right
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! woah hey there yusuke
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7

Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 6
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Sumire: I have an idea
Maruki: sounds... bad?
Sumire: it involves fucking Shido over
Maruki: sounds excellent actually. when do we start

Chapter 96
Chapter Summary

unfortunate revelations, and confessions

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Futaba thinks she’s allowed to be angry.
Considering how angry everyone else was, she doesn’t even think she’s particularly out of
place. One with the mob mentality! What a novelty.
The problem is that her friends have trouble staying angry, so she’s gonna be the odd one out
again pretty soon, she figures. One by one they’ll all be won back over to Akechi’s lone wolf
bullshit somehow. It’s not like he’s even trying; what, does he just have some latent charisma,
or something?
Logically Futaba knows that Haru is probably equally to blame for this mess, but Akechi has
a habit of taking things from her, and this is just another point on the list. And besides, who
can stay mad at Haru for long? She’s got latent charisma.
…Is that the thought process Ren uses to forgive Akechi so easily? Gross. Futaba sticks her
tongue out at the air.
Point: She’s mad. Point: She’s allowed to be mad. Point: Akechi is annoying and there should
always be at least one person mad at him at all times, lest the universe collapse, and Futaba is
more than happy to volunteer as tribute.
Futaba doesn’t like sleeping in Haru’s house. She wants to go home.
She scoffs, forcefully enough to blow the hair out of her eyes, and dispels the thought from
her mind. Ren asked her yesterday to hunt down Makoto’s lead, and it’s runaway thoughts
like these that have kept her from making as much progress as she would have liked.
The thought remains. Of course it does.
There is a way to solve this, though it’s only had about a fifty-percent success rate in the past.
Futaba thinks on it some more. She bumps the estimate down to about thirty-six. Still, it can’t
hurt to try.

She sighs, thunking her head against her computer’s casing and powering it off. It’s a
Saturday, so Ren, Mona, and Haru should only be at school for a little while longer, but she
still doesn’t really feel like tracking Sojiro down to explain why she’s leaving the house. She
rummages through her things, whipping out a scrap piece of paper and scribbles down gone
to Ann’s, tossing it on the bed as she fumbles for her phone.
She feels a bit like the eye of the Metanav is judging her as she whispers in Mementos, and
she resolutely ignores it.
***
Getting to Ann’s house without the far superior transportation of a Cat Van is, Futaba finds
out, absolutely awful. Terrible. Just the worst. She didn’t spec into endurance and is paying
the price, as those who choose endurance as a dump stat often do.
This had better be worth it. She’ll be blaming Akechi for her sore feet if it isn’t.
She almost knocks on the door before she remembers that would be entirely pointless, and
lets herself inside, shuffling over to Akechi’s room.
…She could hop over to the right side of reality and knock. Or, she could freak him out and
materialise directly inside his room. She wrinkles her nose, thinking of all the ways that
could backfire on her specifically, and deactivates the Nav in the hallway like a normal
person.
She injects as much fury as she can into her knock.
“I’m busy.” Is the muffled curt response.
Futaba narrows her eyes, “Are you really?”
There’s a thud, some stomping, and the door swings open. “What are you doing here?”
Akechi snaps.
While Futaba stewed in her anger a fair distance away from the subject of it, she apparently
forgot that Akechi can actually be intimidating when he wants to be. “We need to talk.” She
says, far too mild to accurately express the flexing bundle of rage that’s been lodged in her
chest.
Akechi’s expression darkens further, somehow. “Do we?”
Futaba makes a frustrated noise, barely retraining herself from stomping her foot, “Just let me
in!”
“Fine.” Akechi scoffs, rolling his eyes. He mockingly sweeps an arm in a bow as he steps
aside.
Futaba kicks him in the shin. He doesn’t flinch. Damn. She dumped strength, too.

She marches over and sits herself in the centre of his bed. Akechi eyes the remaining
respectable sitting areas disdainfully and stays standing, folding his arms.
“Go on.” He says, “Air your grievances.”
Futaba digs her nails into her palms. Her words rarely cooperate with her on the best of days,
and to be so easily dismissed right out of the gate does no favours in prompting them. (No
charisma, either- where the hell are her best numbers?)
“I can’t go home anymore.” Is all she can blurt.
Akechi stares.
When she can add nothing else, he says: “That would be dangerous, yes.”
Futaba’s opinion of Goro Akechi tends to come in waves.
First, he was a threat. Then Ren’s kind of lame crush and unwitting ally. Then, abruptly, all at
once, the man that killed her mom. The man who won’t tell her the things he knows about
her mom. The boy who holds the secret to whether her mom was a good person under lock
and key. The asshole who doesn’t think, whose fault it is that she’s been uprooted, again, after
barely two years of relative security, and it’s all his damn fault.
“Don’t-!” Her voice breaks, and she tries again. “Don’t pretend like-” she waves her arms,
“Like this isn’t your problem!”
Akechi snorts, barely a huff of breath, “I’ve had this conversation twice already.”
“Yeah?” Futaba stands up on the bed, scrambling for higher ground. “Well you haven’t had it
with me. So-! Talk!”
Akechi eyes her, unmoved. “What do you want me to say? None of this was my intent.”
Futaba clenches her fists tighter. “No, obviously it wasn’t.”
“Oh?”
“Because you never think.” She hisses, “You only think about yourself. You went to Shido’s
palace because you were bored, and you didn’t think!”
Akechi’s eyes narrow to slits, “Is that what you believe of me?”
“Yes!” No, not really. “What the hell else am I supposed to think?” Anyone with eyes can see
that boredom is a thinly veiled excuse for all the things he does. “You throw yourself at
things and expect everyone else to clean up the mess!” He obviously thinks about Sumire,
and Haru, and Ren, and Sae, “And now you’re acting like—! Like!”
He just never thinks about her.
“Like what?” Akechi asks, quietly.

Futaba collapses back onto the bed, tucking her knees to her chest in a ball.
She sniffs, and Akechi looks suddenly very alarmed.
“Don’t—” he chokes, “Do that.”
Futaba lets out a wet snicker at the thought of the scary Metaverse assassin being felled at the
sight of a crying teenage girl. She’d probably panic, too.
Akechi stands, rigid, hands awkwardly hovering in the air like he has no idea what to do —
which he very likely doesn’t. He weakly raises an eyebrow when Futaba lets out a laugh
between sniffles, “…Are you done?”
“Fuck you.” Futaba says, muffled between her knees.
Akechi drops his hands limply to his sides, unimpressed, “Hm.”
Futaba needs to make him understand. Or, lacking that, she needs to make him—
“I saw your mom.” She blurts, whipping her head up to glare at him, “In Sato’s palace.”
Akechi freezes. “You what?” He asks, deathly quiet.
“She looks just like you.”
“Shut up.” Akechi snaps.
Futaba shuts up.
A step too far. Necronomicon hums. Like she couldn’t have figured that out herself.
“My mom was there too.” Futaba mumbles, shrinking in on herself.
Akechi’s expression gets stonier, somehow.
Futaba doesn’t really know what happened with Akechi’s mom.
Presumably, something not good. She’s dead, obviously, and she had a kid with Shido, which
can’t have been good either. Clearly a touchy subject. Not something Ren or Sumire or Haru
and certainly not Akechi have spoken about at length.
“What happened to her?” Futaba needs to shut up.
“Your mother?” Akechi asks, too flat to be incredulous.
Futaba knows exactly what happened to her mother. “Yours, genius.”
Akechi blinks, “She killed herself.”
Futaba’s chest clenches tighter.

“I was seven.” Akechi adds.
“Stop.” Futaba whispers, “Just stop.”
Akechi shrugs, but even from this distance Futaba can see him shaking. “You asked.”
She did.
She buries her face in her knees again. She shouldn’t have come here. Futaba can barely hold
herself together, and Akechi’s in the most unpredictable mood she’s ever seen him.
“Where was she?”
Futaba looks up.
Akechi swallows. “In Sato’s palace.”
Futaba picks at her fingernails. “Near the top of the arcade, there was this weird visual novel
kinda game,” she explains, “It kinda covered the highlights of Sato working with Shido.”
“And she was there.”
“Yep.” Futaba says miserably, “Around the year 2000, I think.”
“Well.” Akechi says, “I suppose that fits within the timeline of events.”
“We saw my mom in a memory from 2013.” Futaba tells him, for some reason. “Sato went
digging in her research, and she caught him.”
Akechi laughs, strangled, “Did he!”
Futaba presses her hands against the bedsheets, twisting her fingers in, “Mhm.”
Akechi lets out a few more rasping chuckles, before his expression goes flat again.
“I can’t go home.” Futaba hisses, emphatic. She’s not sure why she says it again.
Akechi stares, before he walks over and stiffly lowers himself onto the bed, folding his legs.
Futaba wants to disappear into the floor.
“Anything else?” He says.
What, anything else to make him so obviously feel worse? Futaba’s feeling pretty terrible
herself. Any cruel and malicious intentions she had are suddenly feeling very petty and small.
She wants to start over; too bad the universe doesn’t grant do-overs for these kinds of fuck
ups.
“In the palace?” She asks, voice thin. He nods. “Just stuff I don’t understand.”
He doesn’t look at her. “Like?”

“Like…” Futaba swallows, “Sato made it seem like Shido and my mom have been working
together for a long time.”
“How long?”
“Sixteen years, maybe.” She mumbles.
Akechi drops onto his back, directing that flat stare at the ceiling. “Hm.”
“Did you know?” She asks, a tight thread of accusation in her voice.
“No.” He says. “I never asked.”
Makes sense. Futaba feels her eyes sting and her throat tighten. She holds it in.
“He also said-” She chokes, and tries again, “He made it sound like Shido and my mom
were…”
Her throat closes again, and she squeezes her eyes shut.
When she opens them again, Akechi’s gaze has been torn away from the ceiling, instead
piercing her with thinly veiled panic.
“…What?” She demands, feeling the urge to dive under the bed and hide.
“How long did you say they were working together?” Akechi asks faintly.
“Sixteen years?” Futaba says, confusion cutting through some of her stress.
“And how old are you?”
Fifteen, sixteen next February.
Oh, fucking hell—
“No.” Futaba blurts, “Just— no!”
Akechi still looks ill.
“There’s no way that’s true!” She splutters.
“I didn’t say it was.” Akechi mutters distantly.
“Well it isn’t!”
It’s a coincidence.
It’s a coincidence! There’s no way in hell that can be what’s going on, what went on, it’s just
not possibleFutaba stares at Akechi’s face, trying to pick for any similarities to her own.

“Stop that.” Akechi grits.
“Well!” Futaba waves her arms wildly, because what the fuck, “What else am I supposed to
do?!”
“I don’t know,” he digs his palms into his eyes, “The chances of it are slim, anyway. I
shouldn’t have said anything.”
He shouldn’t even be entertaining the thought!
“Wh—” Futaba can’t even string a damn sentence together, “Just— did mom say anything?”
“About Shido? Rarely. Except to complain.” Akechi goes back to staring at the ceiling.
“About you? Plenty.”
Great. Wonderful. That tells her nothing.
Just— just—
(Why is she panicking so much?
The issue of her father has never been particularly high up on the list of things that bother
her. He isn’t here, so he doesn’t matter. Besides, she has Sojiro, and he’s the only thing that
will ever really count.
If her father is Masayoshi Shido, then what? Then nothing. It’s the same as ever. It’s the
same, it’s fine, it’s fine.
But it’s not, because it means that Akechi-)
Futaba throws herself onto her back with force, staring up at the same patch of ceiling Akechi
is. Akechi grunts as the bed springs with the sudden readjustment.
“What if it is true?” Futaba asks in a small voice.
Akechi turns his head to give her one of his patented unreadable looks.
She rubs at her eyes. “Just— what would you do?”
“What is there to be done?”
“I don’t know.” She mutters. “You’d be my brother.”
Akechi sneers, “Do you want an award for the world’s most unfortunate family tree?”
“Your family tree too.” She points out, dully.
“Well, we don’t know that.” Akechi says with the beginnings of a grimace.
Futaba scoffs, but says nothing else.

(Really, the likelihood of this being remotely true is slim.
What would be the chances? God, what would be the chances, that her missing father is her
mother’s long-time coworker, simultaneously the father of the boy who killed her mom, the
boy who her mom did hell-knows- what to,
World’s worst family tree indeed. Futaba is struggling to see a potential upside to this.)
“So, what.” She says, “We just pretend this never happened.”
“Precisely.” Akechi snips.
“What if it’s true?”
“Do you want to find out?” Akechi shoots her a vicious look, “Do you want to ask Shido, or
his shadow, about this?”
No. God no.
…Maybe.
“I’ll ask if you ask.” She says, a bit stupidly.
(In Akechi’s mind, he has to hold back a burst of manic laughter as the Death grows to its
seventh rank.
What an absolute joke. What a cosmic farce.)
Akechi’s look turns deadpan, “That’s not how that works.”
“Well.” Futaba stutters, “Maybe it should.”
Akechi snorts, “Sure, whatever.”
If you hold the power to seek the truth, Necronomicon asks, not accusatory, purely curious,
Will you take it?
Futaba has no idea. It seems so innocuous, and like the end of the world all at the same time.
She’ll—!
She’ll…
Oh, god dammit.
***
Having Sumire Yoshizawa of all people show up at his doorstep was enough to throw Takuto
for a loop.

He isn’t blind, though he was perhaps foolishly optimistic. Yoshizawa was clearly wary him,
if not has outright hated him, ever since she snapped out of his actualisation. He wasn’t sure
if she noticed; this has never happened before, obviously, and the girl in question was
adamant on avoiding any potential interrogation.
Though, a Phantom Thief! Takuto wonders if exposure to the cognitive world was somehow
the trigger? It’s something to keep in mind.
That might be why Amamiya seems wary of him, actually.
He rejects yourYes, yes, Takuto’s heard it all before.
But if Yoshizawa realised what had happened to her, and that it was Takuto that twisted her
cognition in accordance to her wishes, and if she’s been working with Amamiya for months,
she probably told him at some point.
Though, does the timeline line up? Ah, there are a thousand ways to explain that away,
though.
Time ought to hold your concern more than you presently allow it.
Perhaps he should, if Yoshizawa’s request is so urgent.
He’s determined to fulfill it. Or, failing that, give it the old college try. He truthfully has no
idea where to begin, (a yakuza assassin! How did that happen? One connected to Shido of all
people, too.) though he’ll not throw in the towel so easily.
Yoshizawa seemed uniquely confident that he is capable of this. He’d question why, but she’s
certainly more an expert than he is, whatever grasp she has on cognitive psience.
She remembers.
Remembers…?
Takuto should stop waiting for the voice in his head to elaborate on things. It never does.
He frowns at his unfinished research on his desk. He had known since April that Amamiya
was a Phantom Thief; or rather, that he and his friends have some undefined and potential
connection to the cognitive world, which is practically the same thing. He had been hoping,
and frankly outright prying, for Amamiya to let him in on some of the secrets, but the boy
remained stubbornly tight-lipped last they spoke.
As had Yoshizawa, really. Maybe there’s something about all this that is uniquely dangerous?
Enough that letting Takuto in on the yakuza portion of this mess is the lesser evil?
Then again, it’s not as though he’ll be wandering into a crime family’s home and asking them
questions.

Probably?
He’s pretty sure that’s not what Yoshizawa meant.
They deny you your purpose.
Takuto certainly wants to know more about cognitive psience. He’s been stalled for years.
And it would be especially nice if the thieves just… told him.
But,
Well. No, it would be nice. Takuto can’t see a ‘but’ to this.
Despite that, he’s been left in the dark to flounder for the answers Yoshizawa seeks. Takuto is
starting to suspect the old college try won’t be nearly enough.
Something to do with what you did to me, she said. Keep this between us, she said. The latter
point nags at him; if this is, presumably, something for the thieves’ benefit (and a spark of joy
ignites in his chest at the fact they’re gunning for Shido. Implied to, at least.) then why
demand such strict secrecy?
She probably meant don’t tell anyone unrelated to this. But what if she meant the other
thieves too? It’s not as if Takuto has much contact with them aside from Amamiya, and he
only knows four of their names, so…
So nothing, he supposes. It’s not really his business,
As he thinks it, he frowns. He’s always had trouble with being nosy, and curiosity nags at
him. And besides, what if Yoshizawa is in danger, and Takuto is just enabling her? Going to
Amamiya for confirmation could circumvent that.
He sighs.
The three of them are the key. Keep them in your sights.
Three…?
Takuto throws up his hands in vague frustration. Yoshizawa trusted him with this, clearly in
spite of her opinion of him, and he really shouldn’t betray that.
(She acted like he’d betrayed her before, andSomewhat? Sort of? She had said, outright, I want to be Kasumi— and she had truly seemed
so much happier for it!
For all of two weeks, of course. Perhaps snapping back to herself had provided clarity of self
that she lacked before? The scope of her depression had seemed so much deeper than that,
though. Takuto admits he was blatantly disbelieving of her sudden turnaround, and complete
lack of apparent relapse. Perhaps all she lacked was support…?

Was he too hasty?
No. He helped in the way he could. Yoshizawa was desperate. If he didn’t act quickly, who
knows what would have happened.
Though, he can admit it isn’t something he’ll be pushing her towards again. She’s thoroughly
outgrown such a thing, it seems.)
Landing back on his former point…
Something to do with what you did to me.
Takuto would think himself mad, if he hasn’t seen the empirical results of his work directly
before him.
Soon, you shall share your ideology on a grander scale.
Maybe he should still be concerned.
That isn’t particularly relevant right now. What’s really his problem, is that what he does is in
not what what Yoshizawa is looking for.
His… power, is instinctual, on some level.
Reach forward,
Who are you?
What do you want?
What do you need?
Where’s the break?
I can help, I can help, I can help, I can help, I canAnd like that, it’s done.
But all that is within the confines of one person. A person directly in front of him, might he
add. There is some… information gleaned, he supposes, but he doesn’t think he has enough
control to fish for anything specific.
What Yoshizawa wants would require… hopping between? Starting from one, and then
following a bread-crumb trail as he learns more information from mind to mind.
Forget practicality, is that even theoretically feasible? Say he encountered information on
Shido in someone’s mind, would digging further not just bring him into a fractal of
someone’s perceptions? He could hardly just hop over to Shido’s mind— they aren’t
connected like that.
Huh.

Unless… they are?
Think bigger. This is your rightful domain.
Right. Right?
If… if they are connected, then? A mind isn’t impenetrable, given that he can access it, even
if only via direct contact, so— what then—
The collective unconscious, of course! Takuto is astounded he didn’t think of it sooner. It’s
not like it’s anything more than spitballing based on observable patterns, but half his research
is based on the concept, he could stand to give it some more weight.
Is this what Yoshizawa was referencing? This, he may truly be able to help with.
So he should… try? Yes. He should give it a shot, at least.
And how do you plan on doing such a thing when you’ve been blinded? With your limbs
bound, your heart caged?
Takuto… is pretty sure his limbs are fine? Probably metaphorical, then. Or nonsense.
He could start with just one person and… try leaping from there.
Where to start?
No one is here, present before him. He should probably try reaching someone he knows well,
then. And someone who could feasibly act as a proper starting point to try researching
Yoshizawa’s request.
He supposes Yoshizawa herself would fit that description. But, then again, she explicitly
asked him not to turn his abilities in her direction, so Takuto figures he should probably
abstain. Even if he isn’t planning on— altering anything, he doesn’t really know what he’s
doing, so—
This doesn’t bode well for his eventual guinea pig. Maybe he should have some more
confidence— try not to shoot himself in the foot when cognition is the name of the game.
If not Yoshizawa, then… perhaps Amamiya? Just to start. Reach out to Amamiya
(somehow?), quickly find a thread to Shido, then, if he’s lucky, find the thread to his assassin,
leap into his head, and get his name that way?
Maybe?
Try. Stretch your wings.
He’s planning on it.
Ren Amamiya. He tries thinking, firmly. Hm— Ren Amamiya, Shujin student? On probation
for assault, helping with my research, though maybe that point’s a bit squidgy, friend of

Sumire Yoshizawa, Phantom Thief—
There’s a well.
Less a well, and more a whirlpool, actually. Whitewater rapids that can drag someone under
in a second, were they fool enough to dip their toe in.
Ah, but there’s something in the centre. Something under, and that’s what he’s looking for,
that’s what he’s looking for, that’s what he’s—
He dips a hand in the stream.
And goodness, if that isn’t an overload—
Don’t change. Takuto repeats as a mantra, trying to keep his head above water, Only listen,
observe,
What are you looking for?
It’s hard to look, when rifling through a man’s mind is less an organised filing system and
more a rather persistent flood that’s drowned half the library.
It’s not safe, the foremost thought in Amamiya’s mind hisses, followed by an inelegant
stream of thieves home deadline akechi sumire futaba maruki makoto deadline shido ryuji
yusuke mona sojiro home thieves school shido makoto ann sae ohya home akechi haru goro
maruki january february february february december november time deadline
thievespalacenotsafeakechishidosumiretimetimetime
The rapids and flood is unforgiving, butThere,
There,
Shido.
Shido?
Takuto tries toHis is a fortress. He escapes imprisonment and drowns the world with his foolish
freedom.
Why can’t he get in?
You don’t have a ticket. Something- says? Intones? No. Rather, an immutable truth.
Well, where can he get a ticket?
No more immutable truths are forthcoming.

Dammit. Dammit. He can feel it, he isn’t in Amamiya’s mind anymore, he’s right on the edge
of (shipcruiserboat) he just can’t go further—
“Hello.” Something on the fringes speaks. “What on earth are you doing here?”
What?
“Unless you’re looking to take a tumble into the sea, I’d find some better footing.” It says(?
Not an immutable truth, just words,) “I can attest that it’s thoroughly unpleasant. The ocean
isn’t actual blood, as it turns out, but it certainly does smell it.”
I don’t see an ocean.
“I suppose that explains why you’re hard to see. Haven’t you heard of the front door? I didn’t
even realise someone could get in like this.”
Is there a front door for people’s heads?
“If you’re itching to get to their brain, an inch of lead breaches skull rather effectively.”
Is it joking? Takuto can’t tell if this (voicepersoncognitionshadow) is even real—
What are you doing in Shido’s head?
“What, like I can leave?”
What are you?
“What are you? You really didn’t come in the way you were supposed to, did you? Do you
even know what you’ve done?”
I need a ticket,
It laughs at the mention of the immutable truth.
Where can I get one?
“You think far too literally. No one else needs a ticket to trespass.”
How did you get in?
“Wrong question.”
How do others get in?
It laughs again, “What do thieves need of tickets?”
But—
And—

There is no door here. Only buzzing flies. Try elsewhere.
Takuto loses his footingAnd comes back to himself exactly where he was, sitting at his disaster zone of a desk.
He swallows, working his jaw.
“Well.” He says to the room. “Well.”
…It’s a start?
(Where did he go wrong? He got somewhere.)
(Though he tried to respect Amamiya’s privacy, his heart aches at the frequency of which
Akechi had appeared as a passing thought in his mind.
…
Though,
Hadn’t that voice in Shido’s head sounded familiar?)
***
Ren feels like perhaps there hasn’t been enough disaster in his life lately.
What. Metatron deadpans.
Well, maybe that isn’t true at all. But he has a bad feeling nonetheless.
Everything that’s happened since early November has felt less like explosions, and more like
everyone has taken up a hobby of setting a blockade of time bombs haphazardly through
Ren’s life. With friends like these, who needs enemies?
(His enemies have also taken a liking to time bombs. Ren wishes they would put the things
where he can see them.)
Things are… being done. Futaba is presumably making progress on weeding out the people
on the SIU director’s murder investigation. Everyone else- is hopefully making progress in
other ways.
Haru is a gracious host, even if the air remains icy. Ren knows Ohya and Lala are working on
their temporary residence, and they have Iwai’s place as a backup anyway.
As always, the problem remains that the Cleaner is a damn wall with no footholds to
scramble over.
Gracious host or no, being stuck in Haru’s house isn’t particularly pleasant either. He can still
go to school, but for how long? He supposes he missed out on this part of the school year last

timeline, so it wouldn’t be the end of the world if he had to start skipping, but he’s not sure
his frayed nerves could take another change in routine.
Then again, his frayed nerves also can’t seem to settle into the sight of his fancy guest
bedroom, so maybe he’s just screwed.
His phone is ringing.
Ren immediately feels tense. He doesn’t get bad news every time someone calls him, but he
gets it often enough that he isn’t looking forward to testing his luck here.
Sumire’s name comes up on the caller ID, and Ren feels a bit tenser.
“…Hey, Sumire.” He picks up the call warily.
“Ren-senpai.” Sumire begins, sounding equally tense, which is a terrible sign.
“Is something wrong?”
“No.” She says quickly. “Well, yes.” She corrects, “Depends on how you look at it?”
Okay. Ren is starting to wonder if one of those time bombs went off.
He pinches the bridge of his nose, “Is anyone dead or dying?”
“No!” Sumire insists, sounding a bit indignant, “Just— I may have done something?”
Ren can’t tell if it was Goro, Haru, or the time travel that was a terrible influence on her. “…
Yes?”
There’s a pause, and a small huff. “We’re not making much progress with the Cleaner.”
Ren… can’t tell if this is related. Potentially? This concerns him even more. “We’re making
some progress.” He says tentatively.
“Where?” Sumire says, and Ren tries not to take offence to the blatant incredulity.
“I haven’t gotten around to telling everyone.” He explains, “But Makoto might have found us
an in for where to start in Mementos. Futaba’s looking into it.”
“Oh.” Is her only response. “Um, well, that isn’t very different from our plan from before.”
Ren was hoping she wouldn’t point it out. “It’s something.”
“It is.” She agrees, “But I might have something, too.”
“By all means.” Ren says, trying not to sound desperate, “Tell me.”
“…So you agree we’re desperate.” Sumire says hesitantly.

Ren’s acting must not be up to snuff. Nonetheless, he isn’t a fan of where this seems to be
headed. “…Yes.” He decides to admit, “We’re desperate.”
Sumire coughs. “Okay.” She says, “Okay, just, promise you won’t be upset?”
Oh, wonderful.
“I just think now is the time for risky plays.” She adds.
Even worse.
Ren takes a step back.
(Risky plays are the kind of things his thieves have taken to doing whenWhen…
Well. When they have differing goals, he supposes. Ren was never so much a commander as
he wishes; it’s only now, when paths have split and branched and splintered that it’s all
getting thrown back in his face.
He wonders how much of this would have happened last time, had the dominoes not fallen
just so. Morgana ran off both times. Ann didn’t instigate an incident, but she also didn’t loop
him in. Makoto and Futaba struck out on their own for the sake of their own goals. He isn’t
sure if he can consider Sumire and Haru his anymore, and Goro is so self explanatory that
Ren wonders why he ever bothered being angry with him.
Ryuji and Yusuke not having done anything thus far seems more like coincidence than
anything else.
Why even bother calling him the leader at this point?
You’re better at rallying them than you give yourself credit. Arsène hums.
Is he? News to Ren.
But, if that’s really true, Something small and weak within him suggests, then-)
Then maybe he ought to start playing his best cards, rather than keeping them tucked up his
sleeve.
“Okay.” Ren says, cutting Sumire off from whatever she was about to say next. “Tell me,
what’s your plan?”
“I asked Maruki for help.” She blurts.
Ren fights every urge to turn around and bury himself in the sheets of his bed. He also fights
every urge to snap ‘you what,’ and somehow ruin whatever tentative truce-turned-rebuddingfriendship more than he already has.

“What kind of help?” He asks weakly.
“I didn’t tell him anything.” She says quickly, “Not more than he already knows. Since- well,
he already knows something about the cognitive world, and his power, since he used it on me
and his fiancé.”
A good point. “What did you tell him?”
“That I needed him to find a name for me.” Sumire explains, “And that he could do it in a
similar way to what he did to me.”
All in all, a similar level of vague to what Ren had told him during their research sessions
last timeline.
It’s not a stretch to think Maruki could help. He was awfully efficient in probing through the
cognitions of the masses during January; and even if that was only with the power his newly
attained godhood granted him, they don’t need anything on that scale. They need but one
man, and they can claw their way out of this mess.
Of course, this does mean“This will become a problem for us later down the line.” Ren says. He’s surprised that there’s
nothing accusatory in his voice. He’s less surprised at the certainty.
“I know.” Sumire says, and something like confidence starts to seep into her tone, “But we
all knew he was going to be a problem anyway. Remember his shadow? Or, well, did you
meet him, actually?”
No, but Ren remembers the alarming anecdotes from Goro and Sumire quite well.
It’s true that they were never going to get out of this without a fight. Ren categorically failed,
last time. Intentionally. The universe or whatever has no reason to let him out of this one so
easily.
“Exactly.” Sumire says, reading his silence correctly, “So… we might as well use what he
can do while he’s still willing to do it for us, right?”
Technically, Ren isn’t sure if Maruki will ever not be willing to do it for them. He gets her
point, though. “Yeah.” He croaks, throat dry, “You’re right.”
He really wishes she wasn’t.
“Has he gotten back to you?” He asks.
“No.” She tells him, “But I only asked for help last Friday.”
Two days isn’t really a reasonable time frame to expect Maruki to figure out reality bending
powers more than what he’s already tripped into, no.
“We’ll keep an eye on him.” Ren decides.

“You aren’t mad?” Sumire squeaks, her burst of confidence leaving her.
No. No, how can he be, when she’s right? “I’m not.”
“Good.” She says in a small voice.
He isn’t that gracious, though. “You get to explain this to everyone else.”
There’s a cut-off sound, a bit like choking, “Yep.” Sumire coughs, “That’s— that’s fair.”
Fair perhaps, but definitely mean. Especially considering that everyone else mainly means
Goro, and Ren is suddenly deeply glad that Sumire went off and did this on her own, rather
than the decision being tied to Ren in some way.
“So.” Sumire pauses, “When are we going to… do that.”
She’s probably asking so she can start planning her funeral in advance. Ren can sympathise.
“As soon as possible. Monday?”
“That soon?”
Ren sighs, “Tuesday, then.”
“Okay.” Sumire sounds relieved, “I can do Tuesday.”
“I’ll text everyone.” Ren says, “It’ll double as a planning session.”
Sumire hums in agreement, “Ann’s place?”
Even though there are more people currently at Haru’s, the crowd taking residence there also
have a car. Ann’s it is. “I’m sure she won’t mind.”
“I hope not.” Sumire sighs, clearly thinking about more than just imposing on Ann’s
hospitality, and hangs up.
Ren drops his phone, and shoots a look at his ceiling.
Now,
What in hell can be done about this?

Chapter End Notes

cogkechi, what the fuck are you doing in my salad? anyway bit aside ahahahahaa holy
shit 600k words huh. i remember the good old days when i thought this fic would be

600k maximum. no such luck
oh and WOAH 4000 KUDOS hugs kisses confetti etc etc
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! how's it goin' futaba? terrible? yeah that's about what i expected
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 8
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Futaba: yknow i was hoping my psychological warfare game would be better than this. i
think i just got hit with a reflect

Chapter 97
Chapter Summary

Dinner made with love, and the antiquated art of dragging one's self over the coals

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ann thinks that once all this is over, she’s going to take a nice long holiday.
Her parents can probably set her up. They get to go overseas all the time, so why not her?
Hell, maybe she can make it an extended trip and study abroad, or something. There are
plenty of modelling opportunities in the west besides.
But, first, interfering in politics. And the collective unconscious. And the state of reality, but
if Ann keeps listing all the stuff she has to do, she’s gonna collapse.
Well, that they all have to do. Ann has found that she as an individual hasn’t actually been
that helpful, to her chagrin.
She wants to. Badly. Makoto had been a whirlwind of ideas just yesterday on how they could
stalk Mementos for answers, following the death of the SIU director. Ann had mostly nodded
along, not really following.
Beyond going along with whatever Ren and the others decide to do, Ann thinks the only
other thing she could probably contribute is to waltz into some Yakuza family’s house to bat
her eyelashes, and hope they let something spill.
She shudders. Yeah, no. Not doing that.
The next best thing she can do, though, is making sure everyone doesn’t fall apart. Which, if
she does say so herself, she isn’t bad at. Living with Akechi and the Niijimas for —nearly a
month, god— has definitely been good practice.
Practice that exclusively prepares her for dealing with the exact same problem, but it’s a
pretty big problem to start, so she won’t complain.
Ann isn’t an idiot; she can tell when the air is tense in her own house. There was a few days
where even she couldn’t handle being in the same room as both the Niijima sisters, and lately
Akechi has been leaving thunder in his wake, to say nothing of the aborted shouting match he
and Futaba were having when she snuck into the house.

Ann didn’t hear much of what was said, and she isn’t stupid enough to ask. Makoto seemed
curious, too, though she also possesses a modicum of wisdom, and isn’t going to go poke the
literal assassin for answers, especially while they seem not happy with each other.
An understatement, Hecate snickers, which she can only get away with because neither
Makoto nor Akechi are capable of hearing her commentary.
With that in mind, though, Ann returns to her list of things-she-has-to-do.
Interfering in politics by finding the Cleaner? Decidedly impossible! For her, anyway.
Stumbling her way through seducing(?) Yakuza goons is a last resort.
Interfere with the collective unconscious? A later problem! Interfere with the state of reality?
A later problem!
Interfere with the interpersonal relationships of her housemates? Extremely doable!
Step one is to bang on Akechi’s door and hope he doesn’t murder her.
He opens the door on the first knock, surprisingly.
“What?” He snaps, which is less surprising.
Ann beams, trying to deflect his death glare, “You’re going to help me with dinner.”
“What?” He says, more baffled than angry this time, “I’ll burn your kitchen down.”
Ann can’t tell if that’s a threat or a prophecy.
“Well,” She drawls in a sing-song voice, “It’s just stirfry, so it won’t be too bad.”
Akechi’s glare gets darker.
“We usually just get takeout.” He says, sounding more petulant than Ann thinks he means to.
“Today I feel like cooking!”
“Can’t you ask Makoto?” Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose.
That is an unfortunate hurdle of logic that Ann doesn’t quite know how to leap. She settles
for ignoring him. “C’mon! Unless we wanna have dinner at, like, 10, then we should get
started.”
She starts striding towards the kitchen, and he automatically follows her to continue
protesting. Ann tries not to pump her fist in triumph.
“I’m not helping you.” He insists, “If you need something from me, try doing something less
convoluted.”
“I do need something actually,” Ann says cheerily, “And that’s for you to chop this
capsicum.”

She shoves the offending vegetable into his hands, and Akechi scowls. Maybe she shouldn’t
give him a knife, actually.
Akechi cuts off her sudden dilemma by just grabbing a knife and chopping board himself,
and beginning to violently hack the vegetable in half.
…Or is it a fruit? Oh, whatever.
Ann rummages around for wherever she last dumped the pots, (hm, dusty. She gives it a
rinse.) getting some rice going. Even with Akechi’s prophecy of a ruined kitchen, Ann can
admit she isn’t great at cooking herself. But, she has a recipe, so it should be fine.
Akechi’s scowl deepens, like he can hear her thoughts even as he tortures the capsicum she
gave him.
“Did Makoto tell you about her idea?” Ann asks breezily.
“Makoto isn’t talking to me.” Akechi says, flat.
Ann should have seen that one coming. “Well, she has this idea of where to start when we go
to Mementos. Since, y’know, the SIU director died, and all the people investigating would
have to cover up what really happened.” She waves a hand, “She’d explain it better.”
Akechi sighs. “I’m sure.”
“Do you not like it?”
“It’s no worse than going in blind.” Akechi says. “But it still sounds extremely tedious.”
“Fair enough.” Ann peeks over her shoulder to assess the damage. “You’re, uh, supposed to
be dicing it, not… pasting it?”
“I am dicing it.” Akechi snaps over his butchered capsicum.
Ann supposes it’ll all get mixed together once it hits stomach acid, anyway. Her own attempts
at rice aren’t much better, though at least the rice won’t be paste.
“I kinda thought you and Makoto were… getting along lately.” Ann says, slyly as she can.
Akechi turns around to give her an incredulous look. “Were you paying attention at all?”
Rude. “I am!” Ann protests.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Then you’ll notice that Haru-san and I aren’t anyone’s favourite
people at the moment.” Ann snorts dubiously. “I’m surprised you aren’t giving me a repeat
lecture right now.” He adds pointedly.
Ann shrugs, “Like you said, it’d just be a repeat. And I can’t exactly talk, right?”
“Didn’t stop Makoto.” Akechi mutters, “Or Futaba, for that matter.”

“Riiight,” Ann draws out with a nervous laugh, “What were you two talking about yesterday,
anyway?”
“Not your business.” Akechi says while brutalising the last of the un-mashed capsicum.
Maybe not, but the curiosity is going to eat at her. “Whatever you say…”
Akechi scoffs, and focuses all his attention on the cutting board.
The silence persists as Ann warily hands him another vegetable. And another. And another.
And as she swears loudly when the rice starts to spill over the pot and onto the stove.
Akechi is still, to her great surprise, the first to crack.
“She told me about Sato’s palace.” Akechi snips.
Ann freezes, body halfway into the lower cupboards as she tries to drag the wok out from its
designated corner. “What did she say?” She asks carefully.
Akechi rolls his eyes so forcefully that Ann can see it even from her awkward position on the
floor, “She told me what you saw.”
Which can only mean one thing, really.
“Oh.” Ann coughs, trying to busy herself with shuffling the wok into her arms, “Uh— sorry
for not telling you.”
“Well, it’s hardly my business what happens in that man’s palace.” Akechi says, managing to
sound sarcastic even without the right inflections in his voice.
“Well, it was your mom.” Ann says, nearly falling over as she heaves the wok onto the stove.
“None of us really…”
None of them really know what happened there. Nothing good, to be sure. Ren definitely
knows. Haru and Sumire probably know, now that she thinks about it. Futaba… maybe?
“Wanted to put yourself in the line of fire?” Akechi assumes, incorrectly, (though now that
Ann thinks about it, that definitely was a pretty big reason) “Fair enough, I suppose.”
“We probably should have said something.” She admits in a mutter.
“I might have killed you.”
Ann laughs disbelievingly, “Futaba seems alive to me!”
“Yes, well.” Akechi’s expression is grim, “I’m not confined to your apartment anymore.”
That didn’t really stop him from leaving before, Ann barely restrains herself from saying.
“Enjoying your freedom?” She offers instead.
“I suppose.” He sniffs.

Ann pours a generous dollop of oil into the wok as she turns on the burner, tipping in the
capsicum and halfheartedly pushing it around with a wooden spoon.
Does she need meat for this? Meat goes in stirfry. She probably should have gotten that going
before she tipped the capsicum in. She awkwardly turns the heat down very low, shuffling off
to the fridge to hunt for whatever she can find.
Chicken! That’ll do.
“Sorry that you’ve been bored.” Ann says as she quickly joins Akechi with another cutting
board on the kitchen island and hacks the meat into strips.
Akechi scoffs, still chopping away. “Technically, all you’ve done is enable me.”
Ann shrugs, “I think the boredom’s getting to me too.”
“I didn’t think it could.”
Ann isn’t sure how much of that can be interpreted as a backhanded insult. She opts to ignore
the possibility. “Well, you thought wrong.”
Akechi snorts. “I’m surprised, what with the front row seats to the Niijima drama you’ve
been getting.”
Ann turns back to the wok and tips the chicken in, surreptitiously making a triumphant face
at the wall for the perfect segue Akechi’s granted her. “You say that like you aren’t a part of
it.”
Akechi throws his head back, and makes a much meaner face at the ceiling. “I am most
certainly not.”
Ann puffs out her cheeks, “Debatable.”
Akechi waves a hand, not turning around. “It’s not my problem.”
Ann isn’t sure if Akechi is being obstinate because he’s talking to her, specifically, or if he’s
genuinely deluding himself. Both options pose a problem for her Solve the Household Drama
plan.
“Fine!” Ann declares dramatically, “Don’t tell me. But if Makoto kills you after you neglect
accepting my wisdom, then don’t come crying to me.”
“That will hardly be a problem, if I’m dead.” He pauses. “And what wisdom?”
Rude. “Well I’m glad you asked.” She sniffs.
Akechi raises an eyebrow, glaring at her expectantly.
Ann thinks maybe she should have planned all this out a bit beyond step one. Step two,
tragically, remains a mystery, as she’s hit with the sudden realisation that she’s just as clueless

on how to solve this as Akechi is.
Ann coughs, puffing up her chest, “Are you listening, o student?”
“What.”
“The way to anyone’s heart,” She says, “Is food.”
“I’m not sure that’s the original saying.”
“Which is why we’re making this.” Ann says loudly over top of him, gesturing broadly to
their… attempts. The chicken sizzles encouragingly. “With love.”
“Love.” Akechi deadpans, eyeing his butchered vegetables. At least he can admit he did a
bad job.
“Yes, love.” Ann scoffs dramatically, “If you don’t care about the food, how can you show
you care about the people you’re giving it too?”
Akechi’s look turns even flatter.
Ann drops her arms to her sides. “You do care, don’t you?”
“Do I?” Is the dry response.
Ann looks at him incredulously.
“What?” He snaps.
“You literally let yourself get arrested for us.” Ann tells him, slowly, “You knew what was
going to happen with that.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “And?”
Ann supposes they have been over this. For all Akechi’s bluster, his insistence that such a
thing was strategic is the unquestionable truth. Debates over pain tolerance aside, they were
most likely to let Akechi live long enough for the rest of the thieves to cook up a rescue plan.
And they did. It worked, somehow, miraculously, and Ann is still reeling from it weeks later.
But, still, really?
Ann crosses her arms, shooting Akechi a look, “Why can’t you admit you care about the rest
of us like you do Haru-san and Sumire-chan?” And Ren, but bringing that up is likely to
bring an onslaught of fervent denials that she doesn’t want to deal with.
Akechi blinks. “Excuse me?”
“Sure, maybe you don’t like us.” Ann says airily, “But you obviously care.”
“I think you’re fine.” Akechi admits like it’s physically painful.

Ann resists pumping her fist, but she does beam. “See! That wasn’t so bad.”
Another deadpan stare. “Makoto and I have never gotten along.” He says.
Ann shrugs, “And? Ryuji and I don’t get along half the time, and I still care.” She pauses,
“And bull! You were getting along for a little bit!” A very short while, on two separate
occasions, but it still counts.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Yes, and now we’re right back to where we started.”
“The point stands!” Ann insists. “It’s not like admitting it changes anything.”
“Well, since you’re so knowledgeable about how I feel about things, then admitting such a
thing is redundant.” Akechi sneers.
Ann scoffs, “Uh huh.”
She supposes, in a way, there is something that changes by admitting it.
“I think.” She declares, a smug smile creeping up her lips. She gets it. Not so enigmatic now.
“That you don’t want to have to try.”
Akechi scowls, and Ann considers that she shouldn’t provoke him while he’s still holding a
knife. “Excuse you.”
Well, too late now.
“I’m serious.” She waves a hand, “You try with Haru and Sumire, sure, but you like them.”
Ren, once again, is an outlier and shouldn’t be counted. “But Makoto? Sae-san? Too much
work for you, I guess.”
“I’ve been trying very hard to stay alive.” Akechi snaps, “I don’t have much time left over to
play nice.”
“Felled at the first hurdle.” Ann sighs.
Akechi sneer turns genuinely venomous, and Ann suppresses a flinch. “Unfortunately,” he
snarls, “Not everyone can be as air-headed and cheerful as you. Some of us have better things
to worry about than making friends.”
Ann ignores the slight. She’s heard it all before. Instead, she scoffs, marching up and shoving
a finger against his chest, “You’re trying hard to survive. But what’re you gonna do after?”
Akechi glares.
“Well?”
“I don’t know.” He says coldly.

Ann smirks, “Mope around with nothing to do? Maybe catch up with Haru-san and Sumirechan every so often? Avoid Ren until the end of time?”
“I’m not pathetic.”
“Uh huh.” Ann hums, “Sure. I get that you like to keep yourself so busy that you don’t have
to think about how miserable you are, but what about when you can’t?”
“Try me.” Akechi growls.
“You’re practically throwing yourself against the walls now that you have nothing to do.”
Ann barrels forward, “The only thing you seem even vaguely entertained by is throwing
yourself into danger and getting into shouting matches.”
“Are you finished?”
“No.” Ann pokes him forcefully again. “Think about it. Are you trying to live just so your
life can suck?”
The stove still burns, fire crackling and oil spitting. Akechi stares her down, his back pressed
against the kitchen island. Ann pointedly folds her arms, glaring up at him.
“I take your suggestion,” Akechi finally says, slowly, like she’s stupid, “Is to replace my time
sink of murder with friendship.”
Ann sniffs, “You should try it.”
“I have tried it.”
“Then I don’t know why you’re so sceptical.” Ann puts her hands on her hips, “If you went
all in, maybe you’d learn to be less of a dick.”
“Unlikely.” Akechi says.
Yeah, that one might be a lost cause. “Well lucky for you, you’re charming enough as you
are.” Ann tosses her hair, “Now you just need to learn to not be an asshole.”
“I was unaware there’s a difference.”
“Well there’s your first problem.” Ann pointedly turns back to the stove, and hurriedly turns
off the burner as she sees the stirfry in the wok burning. “So: dinner.”
“Dinner.” Akechi repeats.
“Apology dinner.”
“What am I apologising for?” Akechi snaps.
Ann figures that would be self-explanatory, but she supposes that kind of thing would
probably be better served as a mutual apology when it comes to the Niijimas. “Peace-making

dinner.” She corrects.
“Made with love.” Akechi adds, dryer than the desert.
Ann turns to shoot him a smile, “Exactly!”
“Do I get a choice at all?” Akechi grits.
“You haven’t left yet.” Ann points out. “I couldn’t physically keep you here if I tried.”
Akechi scowls, like he hadn’t realised that. Ann tries very hard not to snicker.
“We’re almost done, anyway.” Ann gestures vaguely to the kitchen at large, “May as well see
it through, right?
“There’s a fallacy in that.” Akechi mutters, but he doesn’t leave.
Ann smiles to herself.
I know you. She thinks, and she gets it, gets him, and feels a thrill of triumph at very likely
being person number four for whom it’s clicked for. Maybe this’ll finally be enough to
convince him to add her to his closely-guarded list of actual friends, for all her prior attempts
with varying degrees of success.
She hums a cheerful tune, and thinks the apartment might be a bit sunnier after this.
(Though she misjudges it’s source, the Sun does indeed grow to its ninth rank. In his mind,
Akechi scoffs, thoroughly sick of the timing of such things. For all his lack of trying, he
seems to be bundled in a fair few near-blood-oaths.
The arcana have never once implied they have to mean good things, though. Several of them
are direct evidence to the contrary. The burden of making lemonade, so to speak, rests solely
on him.
Wonderful.
The food isn’t disgusting. A solid rung above edible. Makoto pokes at it like she suspects it’s
poisoned, Sae thanks the two of them for making it, and dinner isn’t terrible. What a novelty.
He really hates it when other people are right.)
***
In retrospect, it’s excellent timing that Sumire pushed for a Tuesday meeting rather than a
Monday one. Ren frowns down at his phone.
Ohya: yooooo
Ohya: Lala-chan got your place ready
Amamiya: today?

Ohya: yeah today
Ohya: chop chop
Ohya: come to crossroads and we can go from there. it’s closed for today so don’t worry
about that
Amamiya: are you gonna be there too?
Ohya: sure am
Ren shrugs to no one, and accepts that the extra hands could be helpful. He makes a
halfhearted effort at cramming his clothes in his bag, before realising he should probably tell
everyone else to start packing up.
“Today?” Futaba complains when he swings by her room. “Why do we even need to leave?”
“Because.” Ren starts picking up her disaster zone of a floor to spur her to action, “You never
know when someone might knock on Haru’s door, and then what are we gonna do?”
“Persona.” Futaba mutters in a mockery of a battle cry, before angrily powering off her
computer and dismantling the relevant parts.
“You’re leaving today, then?” Haru comments, when Ren finds her in the living room.
Ren scratches the back of his neck uncomfortably, “Uh. Yeah.”
“Finally!” Morgana cheers, leaping off the pillow he’s made a nest of. He freezes, “Not— uh,
your house is great, Haru.”
Haru giggles, “No, I understand that you’d be anxious to get going, Mona-chan.”
“M’not anxious.” The cat mutters, and proceeds to curl back into a loaf, because he’s a cat
and thus has no material possessions.
“The journalist texted you back, huh?” Sojiro asks, once Ren finds him pointedly avoiding
Okumura senior’s old bedroom. “’Bout time.”
“Lala-chan worked as quick as she could.” Ren shrugs.
Sojiro waves a hand, “I know, I know. We going right now?”
“Right now.” Ren replies for the third time in fifteen minutes.
Sojiro sighs, “Well, not like any of us had much luggage to begin with.”
Tell that to Futaba, Ren thinks, before begrudgingly realising he ought to help her with her
stuff if they want to move out sometime this century.
***

They do, in fact, get out the door within the century.
Out the inter-dimensional veil, rather. And within the hour, to boot. Haru opts not to come
along, if only to avoid the irritating back-and-forth through the Metaverse that would inspire.
And, perhaps, to avoid awkward close quarters.
“So,” Futaba chimes in from the front of the van, having stolen shotgun from under Ren’s
nose. “Are we gonna materialise in the middle of Crossroads?”
Ah. Ren hadn’t considered that. “…I could get out at the place I usually do, and then ask for
the address?”
“Could work.” Sojiro says from the driver’s seat, taking more caution along an empty road
than is probably necessary. “I think the main issue is whether you’re gonna reveal this,” He
gestures out the window, “Or the concept of it, to your reporter friend and our generous
benefactor.”
Ren sighs. Ohya already knows something about cognitive psience, though it’s highly
unlikely she’s made the connection to physical cognitive space. Lala is good at pretending
she’s never heard anything, so Ren doesn’t doubt she can keep a secret, at least.
“They probably won’t question it.” Ohya will. Ohya definitely will, but Ren dealt with her
shitty boss just the other day. She owes him one. “Trying to come up with a cover story
would just be weird.”
“Fair enough!” Futaba chirps, “I trust that your friends haven’t been sent to steal all our
secrets and kill us in our sleep.”
Arguably, Goro had fit that definition. “They haven’t.”
“Good.” Sojiro grunts, “’Cause we’re here.”
Ren nods and quickly ducks out of the van, walking into Crossroads and finding it pleasantly
intact. He supposes it’s enough of a hub for people that it’s able to stamp its impression on
cognitive space. If this were something he could figure out how to explain as a compliment
for Lala’s business, he would certainly tell her.
He taps at his phone to drag himself out of Mementos, and tries not to laugh at how Ohya
nearly tumbles out of her bar stool.
“Wh- you-?!” Ohya gapes at him, “Lala-chan, am I drunk?”
“You usually are, honey.” Lala says matter-of-factly from behind the bar.
“Yeah, but am I drunk right now?”
“You haven’t had anything to drink.”
“Well, shit.” Ohya clicks her tongue, and points an accusing finger at Ren, “Did you just
teleport?”

Ren shrugs, finding this is pretty funny, actually, “No. Don’t worry about it.”
Ohya splutters, “Oh I’m gonna worry about it alright-”
“Is your family here as well?” Lala interrupts, turning to Ren, “Or nearby?”
“Yeah.” He nods, “Is our place nearby? It’s easier to, uh, show up closer.”
The phrasing is all off, but Lala seems to get the gist as she nods. “It’s a few houses back,
actually. Off the main road, but not so far back you’ll get lost.”
“You’re right near where Lala-chan lives, too!” Ohya says cheerily, seemingly having
forgotten her irritated bafflement at Ren’s apparent teleportation, “So if you need help, go
bother her.”
“Or you could let yourself be bothered, Ichiko-chan.”
Ohya blows a raspberry, raising an eyebrow in Ren’s direction, “If you’re desperate.”
Ren shrugs, “We should be fine. If we play our cards right, no one will know anyone lives
there to begin with.”
“What? ‘Cause no one’ll ever see you entering or leaving?” Ohya says, glaring as Ren just
smiles enigmatically. She sighs, “Oh, whatever. I’ll drag an answer out of you someday.
Place’s this way. Follow me.”
Ohya and Lala both lead him out the back of the bar, down a dingy alley and to an equally
dingy building, with a set of rickety stairs leading up to a door on the second floor.
“It’s just you in the whole building, first floor’s empty.” Lala explains as she walks up the
stairs, and unlocks the door. “Power and water are all good, I checked. Ichiko-chan and I are
more than willing to help you unpack, too.”
Ohya sighs, “oh sure.” She waves a hand at Ren, “Go do your… magic.”
Ren snorts, and does just that.
***
There’s a veneer of angry curiosity from Ohya and a general aura of not my business from
Lala when Sojiro, Futaba, and Morgana all materialise in the middle of the apartment.
Unpacking is relatively quick (except, as is custom, for Futaba) and everyone is left scattered
about. Sojiro and Lala chat in a corner, presumably gossip; Futaba talks at Morgana, and Ren
is left to deflect Ohya’s probing stares.
Ohya eventually groans in defeat, “Mark my words, kid…”
If Christmas eve goes as it did last time, Ohya may indeed get the answers (or close enough)
that she wants. Ren decides not to dangle hope, squatting down to properly fold a cardboard
box.

“Is it something to do with the cat? I bet it’s something to do with the cat.” She mumbles.
“How’s your yakuza-hunting going?” Ren interrupts.
Ohya blinks, and lets out another groan, even more defeated than the last. “Like shit,
Amamiya.”
“Yeah.” Ren says with the utmost sympathy. “Me too.”
“Running low on time.” She comments.
“I’m aware.”
Ohya sighs, “Got any magic up your sleeve? Cognitive psience not helping you on this one?”
“We’re working on it.” Ren shrugs. Some magic might finally be coming to help them out,
should Sumire’s gamble pay off.
Ren is trying not to be too optimistic. They have a backup plan in Mementos. Or a plan A?
Asking Maruki for help, of all people, reads to Ren like a last resort. Then again, should the
man whip out a name with ease, Ren is going to be left fuming that they didn’t go to him
weeks ago.
Ren knows they can’t afford to wait on Maruki to start, so the tedium and potential dead end
of dragging themselves through an unpleasant subway seems an inevitability.
They’ll have to rely on both plans. Can they even trust Maruki to do this on his own? Will
they have to help him along, in discovering his abilities? They’ll practically be tying the
noose to hang themselves with, at this rate.
Can they afford to keep putting off Shido’s palace in favour of the Cleaner? The longer Ren
thinks about, the more he’s certain the Cleaner is a loose end that can’t be left unattended.
“You look like you’re working yourself in a fit, kid.” Ohya says.
Ren thunks his head against the cardboard box in his hand, “I am.”
Ohya whistles, “Well, at least you’re honest.”
“Talk me through it.” Ren looks up at her, “Exactly how like shit is your search going?”
“Well!” Ohya says with the drama of a storyteller, “The problem is that your man knows how
to clean up after himself. No loose lips, no whistle blowers, nothing. Anyone who knows a
lick of anything isn’t willing to chat, and they definitely wouldn’t be willing to chat to you,
before you get any funny ideas.”
Unless, of course, Ren goes rummaging through their subconscious. He ignores the pointed
look. “Figures.”

“Wonder what it’s gonna look like once you change the guy’s heart.” Ohya muses. “That’s
what you’re planning, right?”
“Yep.” Ren says with a pop, “…His subordinates might kill him before he ever gets the
chance to confess anything.” Not that the confession was the end goal, in this instance.
Ohya raises an eyebrow, “And you’re cool with that?”
Ha.
“Yeah.” Ren says easily, “It’s us or them, and I’m kinda tired of sacrificing us.”
Ohya gives him a stilted pat on the shoulder. “Fair enough, kid. Just don’t want it to weigh on
your conscience.”
“It’s not like changes of heart are much better than death. For what it does to the people
suffering them, at least.” Ann and Goro would probably argue that they’re even worse. Ren
feels like he doesn’t get an opinion, on this one.
“Mm.” Ohya hums with pseudo wisdom. “Philosophy. Not my thing.”
Ren snorts. “Whether we think about it too hard or not, we’ve gotta do what we’ve gotta do.”
And they’d better do it quick.
***
Sumire wonders if she should have spent Monday planning her funeral. Getting her affairs in
order, giving her teary apologies to her parents, making peace with her mortality, et cetera.
She acknowledges that most of the thieves probably won’t even be that upset with her. Ren
wasn’t that upset with her, so that’s one major hurdle already leapt.
The hurdle that is convincing-Goro-Akechi-that-working-with-Maruki-is-fine-actually is far
more daunting. Sumire privately admits she may be screwed.
(Pragmatism should surely sway him to her side. Surely. If not that, then their friendship
ought to shield her from the worst of his usual ire. She isn’t afraid of him, not really, hasn’t
been for a very long time, but, still—
Goro isn’t the forgiving type, even if he’s forgiven her for various slights before. He still
hasn’t forgiven Ren; preestablished friendship or whatever sure as hell didn’t save him.
Sumire tentatively places her most recent transgression as several steps above her last, and
far below Ren’s. She’ll be fine. She will.)
Won’t she?
She reassesses this as Goro gives her a lightly bemused look at her obvious dread, as they
wait in Ann’s apartment for the rest of the thieves to arrive.

Makoto looks similarly nervous, though Sumire suspects it’s for very different reasons. She
doesn’t think Makoto’s plan is bad, and everyone will likely be on board without much
convincing and a little bit of grumbling. Sumire kind of wishes she had heard about it before
she went straight to Maruki to speed things along.
But, time marches on, and there’s a part of her that grows more confident in her decision with
each passing minute.
Haru is last to show up, sending a strained smile in Ren’s direction and a far warmer one in
Sumire and Goro’s. She takes a place next to Sumire to stand, with only Makoto, Ann, Goro,
and Yusuke having snagged seats. Futaba and Morgana have situated themselves on the floor,
and Sumire supposes she could do the same. Given what she’s going to have to explain
herself for, though, she’d rather keep her minimal height advantage.
“Did moving go well?” Haru asks Ren.
Ren shrugs, “It’s fine. Place isn’t as nice as yours, obviously.”
“You’ve moved?” Sae asks from the kitchen.
Futaba nods, “Yep. It’s a bit shit, but it’s definitely safe.”
“It’s cold.” Morgana complains.
“…The heating is a bit janky.” Ren admits, “But the same is true for the attic.”
“With the attic, I could have just gone to Futaba.” Morgana sniffs.
“And left me to freeze?”
“Sojiro would have let you in if you complained enough.” Futaba dismisses Ren’s dramatics.
“Speaking of.” Makoto interrupts. “Where is Boss?”
Ren shrugs, “He didn’t need to come, and Mementos is an unpleasant trip.”
“Fair enough.” Yusuke hums. “He’s hardly necessary for our planning, anyway.”
Unless, of course, they desperately need an adult perspective to tell them they’re being
stupid. Though Sumire supposes they have Niijima just a few metres away to serve that
purpose.
“Shall we begin anytime soon?” Goro drawls.
Ren rolls his eyes, shifting on his feet. “Yeah, yeah.” He coughs, “Makoto, do you wanna
start?”
Makoto tilts her head, “…There’s more things to say than just my idea?”
“Sure is.” Ren says tightly, “But —uh— who’s already heard this, actually?”

Futaba, Ann, Haru, Goro, Sumire, and Ren all raise their hands, and Morgana, for lack of
such, calls out “Me!”.
Ryuji blinks at all of them, and groans, “What happened to tellin’ people shit.”
“People have clearly been told.” Yusuke comments, “Aside from us.”
“Sorry.” Makoto says, looking guilty, “I— well, I told Ann,”
“And I told Akechi!” Ann cuts in.
“And I also told Ren,” Makoto adds.
“And I told everyone I was living with.” Ren scratches the back of his neck. “And Sumire.”
“Man.” Ryuji sighs, “Maybe I should’a moved in with one of you guys.”
“Ann,” Yusuke says, “Perhaps we can revisit the idea of me moving in with you.”
Ann snorts, “Y’know, I’m less opposed to it now than I was at first, but now I don’t have any
room.”
Yusuke’s face crumples. “A shame.”
“You’re also not on the run from the law.” Makoto points out, dry.
“A secondary shame.”
“Anyway.” Ren interjects, “Wanna quickly go over the bullet points, Makoto?”
Makoto nods, and quickly launches into her explanation of where to begin with Mementos
diving.
“I’m right, aren’t I?” Makoto casts a sidelong glance at Goro as she finishes her explanation,
“That the Cleaner would have been the one to kill the SIU director?”
“Almost certainly.” Goro agrees with a tilt of his head, “Though, it’s not impossible Shido
has other assassins on call.”
“Considering only the one—” Ren pauses, “Well, two, were cognitions in his palace, let’s not
stress ourselves overcomplicating this.”
“Right.” Makoto nods firmly, then coughs. “So… that’s— we’ll be doing that?”
Futaba raises her hand, “I’ve got some names to go off of! The investigation leads, and all
that.”
Ryuji shrugs, “Sounds pretty good to me. I’m guessin’ everyone else is cool?”
“Certainly.” Yusuke says. “I don’t have any other ideas.”

Makoto looks relieved. “Good. We can start on that as soon as possible, then.”
“It’s going to be extremely tedious.” Goro comments.
Makoto looks less relieved, “Do you have any better ideas?”
Goro shrugs, “No. But I’ve done information gathering in Mementos before, and just because
shadows aren’t particularly tight-lipped doesn’t mean they don’t get off-topic. Or violent.”
“…It’s still better than nothing.” Haru chimes in, placating. “And besides, we’re past the
point where we can keep waiting for a more convenient opportunity to drop into our laps.”
Ren coughs, and gives Sumire a pointed look. Sumire gives a despairing one in return.
Morgana eyes the two of them, “What?”
“Uh.” Ren tugs at his fringe. “Well, we do have… an opportunity.”
Makoto scowls, “Then why didn’t you say so?”
Sumire laughs weakly.
“I suspect,” Goro says, eyebrow raised, “That it is unpleasant or dangerous in some manner?”
“Well.” Ren says, conversationally, “That ship may have already sailed.”
“Joker?”
“Yes, Crow?”
“What did you do.”
Ren throws up his hands, “I didn’t do anything!” A pause. “You don’t get to talk!”
Haru’s disapproving expression slides from Ren to Sumire. Like she can talk either, a part of
Sumire whines internally.
“Sumi-chan?” Haru prompts, “Did something happen?”
Sumire makes a face.
“Don’t stress too hard.” Ryuji folds his arms behind his head, “Unless you, like, sold us all
out to Shido or whatever, it can’t be nearly as bad as some of the shit some people have done
already.”
“Hey!” Ann yelps.
“Just sayin’.”
“I asked Maruki for help!” Sumire blurts.

There’s a muffled curse, and the sound of a shattering mug from the kitchen.
Ryuji whistles. “Nevermind. That’s pretty bad.”
“No kidding.” Futaba mumbles, eyeing Goro’s alarmingly flat expression.
Ann chuckles nervously, shifting slighting away from the bomb she’s sitting next to.
“Okay…” She drawls out, “Before we all panic— uh, why?”
Good! Excellent! A chance to explain herself before being unceremoniously eviscerated!
Sumire tries to get her though process in a row. “Well— I thought we were running out of
time.”
“We are.” Yusuke agrees.
“And, um— Maruki was probably going to be a problem for us anyway,”
“Well, we don’t know that.” Morgana interjects, unhelpfully.
“And he was pretty good at scouring Mementos for information last time, so…”
“That’s true.” Ren adds, proving he hasn’t completely abandoned her to the wolves.
“So…” Sumire runs out of things to say, “Yeah.”
There’s a deeply uncomfortable quiet.
“What, exactly,” Goro eventually says, clipped, “Did you tell him in order to convince him to
help you?”
Oh good lord. “Um.” Sumire swallows, “Well, he didn’t need much convincing to help.”
“Tracks.” Futaba chimes in.
“Mhm.” Sumire agrees weakly, “So, I— I didn’t tell him much!” She hastens to say, “Just
that he could help me find a name using abilities similar to the ones he used on me.”
Futaba makes a face, “I mean, I guess you didn’t tell him stuff outright. But he’s going to
have to figure out Mementos if he wants to be any help at all.”
“Does he know who we are?” Goro interjects, face still alarmingly calm.
“…He guessed me.” Sumire admits.
“And he was already half convinced of me, Ann, and Ryuji.” Ren adds. “But the rest of us are
still in the clear.”
“Right.” Sumire nods.
“That may not be the case forever, if he is to go diving through the collective unconscious to
find us a name.” Yusuke comments.

Which is true. “His shadow knows who we are.” Sumire reminds them, “So it’s only a matter
of time, I think.”
Goro looks like he’s swallowed a lemon. Makoto looks pained, “And we may as well seek his
aid while our goals align, yes?” She asks.
Sumire nods eagerly, “Yes! Exactly.”
Haru’s contemplative expression finally drops, and she shrugs delicately, “It’s not a bad
plan.”
“…Can he really be relied on, though?” Makoto points out. “Would we just be waiting
again?”
“We don’t have to do nothing.” Sumire says, “Maruki will be acting on his own, so we can
still go to Mementos and try to find the Cleaner’s name ourselves.”
“The fact that Maruki will be acting on his own is precisely my concern.” Goro snaps. “What
happens if his revelations about the collective unconscious kickstart his goals a month early?
We can’t contend with him and Shido at the same time.”
“True.” Futaba says, frowning, “If reality gets fucked, then we’re not going to have much
control over what happens when it gets unfucked.”
“…Eloquently put.” Makoto says drily, “But the damage has been done, hasn’t it?”
“Not necessarily.” Goro crosses his legs.
Ann elbows him expectantly, “Meaning…?”
“Meaning, I say we need to jam some gears in his head.” Goro finishes, batting Ann away.
“Do we have time for that?” Ren speaks up, “Between Mementos diving, making sure
nothing too important gets knocked loose in Maruki’s head, and complete two whole palaces
— I don’t think that’s a eighteen-day problem.”
“Unless we do some things at the same time.” Haru says.
“Such as?”
Haru raises an eyebrow at his tone, but otherwise doesn’t comment. “Such as, Mementos and
keeping an eye on Maruki. If they overlap, we haven’t really added more to our plate at all.”
“I don’t like the idea of a half-team being alone in Maruki’s palace.” Ren insists.
“Why not?” Futaba says, “I mean, a bunch of us went in there with teams of two and got out
unscathed.”
“Not to mention our initial infiltrations last timeline.” Goro adds.

Ren’s face twists in a grimace. Sumire supposes he doesn’t want to concede the ground.
“…It’s not a bad plan.” Haru pushes, echoing her earlier sentiment.
“It’s not.” He admits between his teeth, “It’s really not.”
Goro snorts.
Morgana flicks his tail, “Then… who’s going where?”
“You need to go to Mementos.” Futaba says with certainty. She pauses, “… I need to go to
Mementos.”
“Both the navigators?” Ren frowns.
“I can navigate.” Goro snaps.
Ren rolls his eyes, “Alright, I guess we know where you’re going.”
“Was it even a question?”
“I should probably go to Maruki’s palace too.” Sumire chimes in, “I made the problem, so I’ll
help manage it.”
“The two of you remember his palace, too.” Haru points out.
“Then… should Renren go with you guys, too?” Ryuji asks, “Since he’d remember it too?”
“But then the other team won’t have any wildcards.” Ren protests.
Haru sniffs, “We’re hardly helpless.”
“We could simply have the rest of us on Mementos to even the scale.” Yusuke says, “We’ve
traversed the place without you before.”
“We did run into the Reaper.” Makoto admits.
“Only because we stood around arguing long enough for it to show up.” Ann says, “Which
we won’t be doing this time.”
“Hear, hear.” Futaba mutters.
Ren frowns, and eyes the split.
“Just the three of us feels…” He trails off. “Risky.”
“Worked last time.” Goro sneers.
“Debatable.”
“It’s balanced.” Sumire says with a small smile, “I can heal.”

“I can revive.” Goro adds.
“And I—” Ren groans, “Can do both. Fine, it’s balanced.”
“Sounds fine to me.” Ryuji says cheerfully.
“You get to put the leader hat on again, Mako!” Ann teases.
Makoto makes a face, “…I can do that.”
“Sato’s palace was a breeze.” Futaba waves a hand, “You’ll be fine.”
“Yes.” Makoto looks marginally more confident, “We will be.”
Ren tugs at his fringe even harder, “So… everyone’s cool with this, then?”
“You’re the only one bitching about it.” Goro snaps.
Ren stops ripping out his hair to pinch the bridge of his nose, “I’ll take that as a yes, then.”
“Don’t worry about it so much, Joker!” Morgana says, “We’ve got this in the bag.”
Sumire nods, feeling a bit lighter at the infectious enthusiasm, “Should we start tomorrow,
then?”
“We’ve got eighteen days left.” Makoto says darkly, “The sooner the better.”
Some of the enthusiasm drains, and Ren nods stiffly, “Tomorrow.”

Chapter End Notes

why hello! i'm back in uni hell, but fear not! updates will stay consistent at once a
fortnight
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! hi there, Ann
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX

Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ann: What are your transferable skills from your previous job?
Akechi: Not knife work, apparently. unless it's carving human flesh
Ann: We'll put 'butcher' down as a maybe

Chapter 98
Chapter Summary

oceans, and soup.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Akechi surveys the stadium fence with a dispassionate air.
The last time he was here, he didn’t pay it much mind. A lifetime removed from its
significance. The time before that, he was far too focused on the braided metal that towered
up, up, and that he was determined to make his tomb.
He can still see flickers of Maruki’s palace even here, beneath the twisting scarlet vortex of
Mementos’s sky. Shimmering silver and reflected rainbows, a hearth for the torch he
glimpsed at the centre.
The sight is unpleasant. He feels the urge to spit on the ground. He refrains.
He doesn’t feel betrayed, per se.
It’s not like Sumire has done anything, beyond being the first to break their deadlock. He
should be thanking her, technically. All this business of doing things the hard way is for his
benefit. And Ren’s, he supposes.
But she still went to Maruki, of all people. She stillTold Ren first. It’s just like old times. Akechi supposes he hasn’t given her any reason to have
expected a positive reaction. Perhaps that’s why she ran to Ren first, as the only other fool to
give an inch for Maruki’s madness.
Cold.
BUT NOT WRONG.
No. No, he’s not wrong at all.
There is a marked difference, naturally, between Ren caving to Maruki’s ultimatum and
Sumire strong-arming the man into helping them while he’s not busy tearing the world apart
and disturbing the dead.

But a lifetime ago, Sumire was first to cave, wasn’t she? She may be happy to lay her sister’s
mask to rest now, but what happens when Maruki offers her a better deal? Maybe he’ll bring
the whole puppet out of storage, next time.
(She wouldn’t. She wouldn’t be swayed. She’s- She wouldn’t.
Akechi thought the same of Ren, once.)
“Crow.”
Akechi turns, and Sumire gives him an awkward wave and a smile.
He can’t think of what emotion to summon, so he doesn’t. Her smile falters.
“Ren-senpai isn’t here yet?” She asks, wringing her hands.
“You have eyes, don’t you?”
Sumire laughs, a bit. “It’s rude of him to be late.”
“It’s hardly the rudest thing he’s done.” Akechi points out. He doesn’t quite care for this
conversation; small-talk adjacent. He and Sumire never got the hang of such things. Anything
more strenuous sounds like a chore. He’d prefer silence.
“I suppose not.” She says, tapping the tip of her shoe against the ground. She blends in with
Mementos, Akechi notes. Without her black coat and leotard burned across her skin, she’s
rather washed out. The red hair doesn’t help.
Sumire sucks in a breath, apparently not as content with stiff silence as Akechi is, “Look, I-”
“Sorry!” Akechi doesn’t turn to look as Ren skids to a stop, out of breath. He coughs, “Sorry.
I got- I needed to talk to Kawakami after class, and-”
“Let’s go.” Akechi interrupts, fishing his phone out of his pocket. “We don’t have forever.”
Sumire clears her throat. “I suppose not. Ready, then?”
Ren, still flushed from running and vague embarrassment, nods. “Ready.”
Maruki’s palace sits innocently in the Nav’s history, nestled between other entries. Maruki’s
name flickers, like it doesn’t quite want to be there. But the man isn’t a god yet, so that’s too
bad.
Akechi taps the name.
Beginning NavigatIt stutters.
Seriously?

“Um?” Sumire looks worried, “Is it…?”
Ren’s expression darkens, “That can’t be good. Do you think-”
Akechi scoffs, and drags them both by the elbow a few paces to the left.
Beginning Navigation.
It’s difficult for Mementos to get more red, so it doesn’t. Instead, everything flashes white.
The usual ripple of the Metaverse cracking with the miasma of the cognitive world under
Maruki’s reign. It’s dizzying, more so than normal, and yet not disorienting.
The tangle of steel comes into full view, the red fading entirely.
Akechi really hates this place.
“Oh.” Sumire gapes, before snapping her mouth shut. “Does that happen sometimes?”
“No.” Akechi says, already starting forward.
Ren mutters something unflattering, before jogging to catch up. Their bodies burst with blue
flame as they march closer to the palace, masks settling into place. “Then how’d you know
what that was?”
“Lucky guess.” Akechi casts a look over his shoulder, “If something was about to go
catastrophically wrong, the god of control tends to be more dramatic about it.”
“Point.” Ren concedes. “Then, could it have been… I don’t know, a kink in the fabric? The
twins mentioned that, I think.”
The twins in question stand in front of the courtroom door, nestled near the elevator leading
to the lobby. They raise matching eyebrows. Ren throws them a wave, in the opposite
direction to where Akechi sees them. Sumire just looks confused.
“Who knows?” Akechi shrugs, unsheathing his sword to examine it. “And who cares. We’re
here, and reality isn’t collapsing about it.”
“…True enough.” Sumire offers, a small smile managing to make its way back onto her face.
“We’ll start poking around, then?”
“Maybe make some progress for later, too.” Ren says, rather optimistically.
Akechi doesn’t offer any confirmation, just starts walking towards the elevator and leaving
the other two to catch up.
Ren and Sumire, thankfully, seem to have cottoned on to Akechi’s wish for quiet as the
elevator rises in such. That, or his sour mood has dashed all hopes of conversation that isn’t
stilted and physically painful. Hardly matters, when the end result is the same, he supposes.

…They reach the lobby, and even Akechi is starting to feel the oppressive weight of
uncomfortable awkwardness by now.
“Charming.” He says, waving a hand at the scenery they’re all well familiar with at this
point.
“Is it different from last time?” Ren asks, tugging at his fringe.
Akechi shrugs, “I wasn’t paying much attention.” A piercing headache, and then suddenly far
bigger problems. He was a bit distracted.
Sumire taps at her chin, “There’s more posters, I think.”
And whose fault might that be? Akechi just barely manages to keep trapped behind his teeth.
He’s not even sure why he bothers, really.
“But less than January.” Ren observes. “I didn’t realise it would be a sliding scale.”
“And why wouldn’t it be?” Akechi rolls his eyes, “The Doctor learns more, and it takes up
more space in his head. It’s not that complicated.”
Ren rolls his eyes with pointedly more exaggeration, “I was thinking, that it might be a godcomplex on-off switch.”
“The god complex was always there.”
“The martyr complex, at least.” Sumire interjects, and Akechi has to admit the distinction is
probably necessary.
He sighs, “Let’s just keep moving.”
(What are you looking for? No one in particular asks.
Something, is Akechi’s response to the void. Anything. A confirmation that they haven’t
ruined their second chance. An opportunity to nip Maruki’s plans, and preferably his whole
existence, in the bud before it becomes their problem. That torch he only ever caught a
glimpse of.
Better get looking, then.
Akechi misses when this was easier.)
***
Makoto misses when she didn’t have to play leader.
It’s not like she dislikes it. It’s not even like she’s bad at it. But she doesn’t have Ren’s
charisma, or his natural ability to inspire loyalty that even Akechi seems to have, and she
knows she’s had this crisis before but she was kind of hoping she wouldn’t, this time.

Haru keeps looking at her, with that perfectly neutral look she has. It’s not disapproval, but
it’s certainly not respect and that might be worse.
The first time Makoto played at leader, she led her thieves to— what, try and beat Haru up?
And failing spectacularly, while she was at it. The second time she played at leader, she
didn’t have to deal with Haru. She knows the girl isn’t nearly as bad a loose canon as Akechi,
(and like Makoto can talk, Sae’s palace was her fault—) but she gets the premonition that
sticking to the straight and narrow isn’t really her style.
Ryuji’s a natural rule-breaker. Yusuke’s an airhead. Futaba doesn’t listen to anyone.
Morgana… can’t steer himself, but he and Makoto aren’t exactly close. These facts have yet
to change. At least Ann is unquestionably on her side. Probably.
Not that the others aren’t, but— Ren’s their leader. Makoto never quite will be.
Ryuji is last to show up in the first floor of the Mementos tunnels, skipping down the steps
with a carefree wave. “Yo! Sorry I’m late. Ran into Mishima.”
Futaba wrinkles her nose, “What, the NPC? Why’d you stop for him?”
“That’s not very nice.” Haru chides. Makoto’s eyebrows raise involuntarily.
Ryuji waves a hand, “He’s not so bad. Plus I think we’ve shaved enough years off his life to
not be nice to him.”
Morgana snorts, “I think he shaved a few years off your life with operation—”
“O-kay!” Ryuji claps his hands together, “We gettin’ started or what?”
Makoto sighs, and decides she doesn’t want to know. “Oracle?”
Futaba flips up her goggles, and opens her laptop with a flourish (Makoto is still unclear on
how she got it to work in the Metaverse) “You got it! I’ve got your names right here.
Necronomicon’s already picking up the ones closest to us, too.”
“You know,” Morgana says, dry, “If you tell us the names, I’d be able to sniff them out too.”
Futaba sticks out her tongue, “Well kitty,” a scandalised yowl, “If you're so desperate to help,
I suppose I can oblige.”
Makoto, unsurprisingly, recognises none of the names as Futaba goes down the list. There’s
no reason she would, that they’re all in the dark is part of the reason they’re in this mess to
start—
“Wait.” Makoto interrupts as Futaba gets to name number seven. “Repeat that?”
“Minoru Sasaki?” Futaba obliges warily.
Haru tilts her head, “You recognise him?”

Makoto nods slowly, “I think Sis mentioned that a Sasaki was the one who interrogated
Akechi.” And, potentially Ren, last time.
Ann scowls, and Haru’s expression darkens. Makoto suddenly wonders if her next greatest
leadership challenge will be preventing a murder.
“…It could be a coincidence.” Yusuke says neutrally.
“We’ll find out pretty quick once we get around to chattin’ with him, won’t we?” Ryuji
counters.
A fair point.
Makoto sighs, more a deliberate rise and fall of her shoulders than a steadying breath. “The
faster we get started, the faster we’ll find out. Mona?”
“Got it!” Morgana trots over to the escalators, taking a running leap before landing on the
tracks as a van. “It’ll be less squished than last time.”
Thank god. Maybe this Mementos trip will actually be tolerable.
“Shotgun!” Haru says cheerily, opening the passenger door with gusto.
Nevermind.
***
There’s something wrong with the Metaverse.
Each half of a shattered attendant can feel it, plain as day. Not nearly as catastrophic as the
last time, but enough to be… concerning. An itch. A frayed edge that could come unravelled
if unchecked.
That is, if it is a frayed edge. Caroline bangs her baton against the Velvet Room door (a metal
clang, a dull thunk on wood; if she doesn’t think too hard about which it is it could be both at
once), everything seems in check there. Nothing leaking, nothing seeking to tear holes.
Justine eyes the triple sight of two angles of the Councillor’s palace twisted with the entrance
to those dirty subways. She counts everyone off. Two wildcards and a gaggle of persona
users, and not one of them is the source of their issue.
How irritating. They’ll have to dig deeper.
There’s nowhere to dig. Neither half can leave her vigil. There’s simply nothing that can be
done unless it’s right on their rather literal doorstep.
Or the doorstep does end up being the source of their issue. That would be nice, if only
because it would be predictable.

(It’s not supposed to be predictable like that; the Velvet Room is a symbol of stability,
entirely separate from the twisting subways and reality as it should be. But there’s something
wrong with it, wrong wrongwrong nothing’s wrong it’s always been like this so why does it
feel broken )) )
Caroline sighs.
“What’s the chances that it’s the inmate that ends up in trouble this time?”
“Shall we warn him?”
“Like he’d listen!”
Both wildcards are rather alike in that regard. “True. Besides, do you really think the
defendant isn’t itching to get himself into trouble even without the collapse of reality?”
That is also a very fair point. Both halves ponder this.
That damn itch again—
Once, there was a force that tried to pierce the veil of reality when they weren’t supposed to.
The when, the halves consider, a memory bubbling incessantly to the surface, was rather
irrelevant in actuality. The how was far more audacious. The defendant was right there, why
not just use his ticket in?
Something else is prodding where it shouldn’t.
Caroline growls, and bangs her baton against the metal-mahogany-bars-door. “When will
anyone ever take a hint!”
***
Takuto Maruki sits at his desk, frowning at his notes and decidedly not taking the hint that his
ventures are unwelcome.
(There isn’t much of a hint to take, technically. Shattered attendants are not in the business of
lowering themselves to human methods of communication for anyone that isn’t a wildcard,
and consider a locked door enough of a deterrent.
Probing humans, fools that they are, are unable to interpret a metaphysical locked door for
what it is, and tend to try breaking open the window. Deeply unfortunate, (and out of
anyone’s control) that this particular human is actually capable of doing so.)
Takuto has been trying for days since his first attempt to inch past the barrier that Shido’s
mind poses. He’s gotten quite well-versed in making the leap between Ren’s thoughts to
Shido’s, but that wall just won’t budge.
Each time he tries, he’s met with a click of the tongue from an unseen dissenter. No help or
further explanation to be found.

A ticket.
Yes, yes, he remembers that. Hard to forget an immutable truth broadcasted directly into your
mind, but that doesn’t lend Takuto any favours in figuring out what it means.
Well. Nothing better to do but go for another round.
Ren Amamiya, he thinks with far more confidence than his first attempt, Shujin student, on
probation for assault, lends a hand to those in need, Phantom ThiefThe well, Takuto has learned, has infinite depth.
The whirlpool is swirling with even more ferocity than is custom. The surface, if it can be
called as such, is razor sharp in its speed.
There’s nothing to do but let himself be dragged in.
Listen, he commands on repeat, listen, understand,
It would be a lot easier to navigate in here if he were allowed to do some organising around
here. If the rapids understand his gripes with the complete lack of filing system, they offer no
sympathy.
And certainly no permission to overstep his bounds.
Stick to the task at hand.
Maruki, interestingly enough, is the foremost thought in Amamiya’s head today, followed by
palace cleaner akechi sumire maruki cognition treachery danger akechi maruki makoto haru
mementos palace investigation shido—
There.
Takuto grasps blindly for the thread, incessantly buffeted by the water. There’s a tug, and a
tang of salt, metal—
Shido.
Well, not quite.
If Takuto were currently capable of sighing, he would have let out a rather exasperated one.
What is he missing?
A ticket.
Yes, thank you, he knows.
Or, a door.
A door? Takuto thought there wasn’t one.

Make one.
Huh?
“Back again, are you?” The voice in nothing comments drily.
Still looking for a way in, yes.
“Have you tried looking harder?”
For several days, yes.
The voice snorts, “Reaching the end of your patience, are you?”
Not enough to stop trying.
“Not enough to stop bothering me, I think you mean.”
Sorry?
“You could prove your remorse by leaving and never returning.”
How about joining you wherever you are?
“I’m starting to think you’re entirely incapable of doing so.” It hums, “Look at you, still
teetering on the edge. What part of use the front door is so impossible for you to
comprehend?”
I don’t see a door.
“No, you don’t see much of anything. You don’t even know what you’re looking for.”
(Pick his brain. Ignore the gnat.)
Is that the ticket?
What kind of man is Shido, beyond the obvious?
The gnat is probably the key to the brain picking, actually.
“Hm?”
What’s it like over there?
“You’re asking for a verbal tour in lieu of being anything at all?”
I am something. I— yes, I am asking that.
“It’s a ship.”
A what?

“We’re on a ship. Or rather I’m on a ship. A boat. A cruiser. Take your pick.”
It smells salty.
“Oceans tend to smell as such, yes.”
It smells like blood.
“Oceans of blood tend to smell as such, yes.”
The last mind I was in wasn’t so… physical.
“Technically,” The voice sniffs, “Nothing in here is real.”
Does that include you?
Silence.
(Of course it isn’t real.)
It’s certainly snarky enough to be real.
“It can hear you.”
Sorry! Ah— anyway, why is it a ship?
“Why is the sky blue?”
Well, there’s actually a perfectly sound explanation for that phenomenon,
“I know, dipshit, it’s a saying.”
Sorry, sorry. But there must be an actual reason for the distinct shape over there.
“You know so little, for someone trying to barge their way in.”
Beginner’s luck?
“Try again.”
A set of unfortunate circumstances?
“That, I can believe.”
(Fortune will twist if you follow this road.)
(Hopefully so. He feels himself slipping.)
It’s not actually an ocean of blood, is it?

“Hard to say. The consistency is wrong, but the smell is rather distinct. I’d wager the ocean
serves whatever purposes it needs to.”
That being?
“Being both an ocean, and made of blood.”
Shido enjoys theatrics, does he?
“Certainly. And the art of sending an alarmingly unsubtle message.”
A message for who?
“No one. Who would see it?” It laughs. “Aside from thieves, of course. But they were never
meant to get inside to begin with.”
It’s just… like that, then?
“Exactly. What else would it be?”
A whirlpool?
“There might be one of those around somewhere. But it’s a cruiser because it’s Shido’s head,
and it’s Shido’s head because it’s a cruiser.”
It just is.
It just—
Understanding clicks. Immutable truths of tickets or otherwise yield easily to—
A door to the heart is simply knowledge of its function.
Takuto grasps the thread yet again, his feet (His feet! His actual physical feet—) stumbling to
gain purchase on metal— metal, floors, slick with ocean-blood and—
A miasma of smeared colours pulse and twist, reds and browns and sunset orange,
Everything finally settles.
This is Shido’s head, then?
It… might be more organised than Amamiya’s?
“Well, what do you know?”
Takuto spins, tripping on his own feet as he does. He stumbles upright with a sheepish laugh
and a sudden pulsing fear of what on earth could possibly be here—
That voice wasn’t Shido, and it had to come from somewhere.

Takuto comes face to face with Goro Akechi, who looks like he’s been half-drowned in sea
water.
He certainly enjoys being an obstruction.
Oh.
“Aren’t you supposed to be dead?” Takuto blurts, before he can consider that it might be
rude.
Akechi stares, before he smiles with all his teeth. Takuto wonders if he should have told
Yoshizawa he couldn’t help her, after all.
***
Sumire considers that it’s probably a good sign Maruki’s palace hasn’t tried to kill them yet.
Not that Maruki’s palace has ever tried particularly hard at outright murder. Expulsion and
obstruction, yes; but sometimes the Doctor’s subconscious will throw an alarmingly strong
shadow at them, and it’s a little hard to tell the difference.
Sumire might still be a bit miffed from her and Futaba’s last sojourn into the palace.
She figures it’s also probably a good sign that Goro hasn’t killed her yet. Or that he didn’t kill
her yesterday. Or that he isn’t even giving her the stink eye.
But he is ignoring her. That might be even worse.
“Anything interesting on these posters?” Joker asks as they meander past the display boards,
milling cognitions still absent.
“You can read, can’t you?” Crow drawls.
Joker rolls his eyes, “I’m not a cognitive psience expert.”
“Have you learned nothing? And besides, you still have basic comprehension.” Crow snaps,
“Just skim it, and if you see that anything that you’ve said verbatim show up, then you’ll
know it’s your fault.”
Sumire abruptly stops reading the poster she was eyeing. She doesn’t want to know, actually.
“I’ll keep that in mind, then.” Joker mutters through his teeth.
Crow scoffs, “These posters aren’t exactly relevant, are they? Shouldn’t we be getting a move
on?”
“You never know.”
“If he’s learned anything in the past few days, it might show up as an infographic
somewhere.” Sumire tentatively adds.

“Exactly.” Joker says, “We’re here to do damage control, right? Can’t do that without
information.”
“Or,” Crow sneers, marching towards the door leading to the reception hall, “We could get
answers from the man himself.”
Sumire pales, “You don’t want to confront his shadow, do you?”
Crow shrugs, “And why not?”
“Uh,” Joker starts walking very quickly, “Do you want the list or the essay?”
“Both are unlikely to be compelling.” Crow says, “Besides, I thought we’d established it was
fine to fraternise. What’s the harm in some chatter?”
Sumire thinks that was very uncalled for.
At least the comment makes it clear where she stands with him. Guessing games with Crow
never end well. Now she just has to fix it.
She immediately discards the thought of asking Joker. His track record of ‘fixing his
problems with Crow’ is abysmal. Sumire should probably take him as a stark example of
what not to do, actually.
The remaining options of what to do are rather overwhelming.
“Maybe—” Sumire coughs, “Well, we might find something further in, anyway. We probably
won’t get far just reading posters.”
Joker nods, “True.”
“I— we really shouldn’t be picking a fight with Maruki’s shadow, though.” She tacks on,
voice squeaking just a bit.
Crow rolls his eyes, obvious enough even behind his mask, “Who said anything about
picking fights?”
Sumire isn’t sure if friendly banter is on the table, so she refrains from making a comment
about how Crow’s default is picking fights.
Joker has no such reservation. “It was implied.” He snorts.
Crow scoffs, and unnecessarily kicks in the door to the reception, “Sure.”
The reception hall, this time around, is not sporting an unwelcome Fafnir in its centre. Sumire
thinks that the three of them could potentially take one down, with far better odds than when
it was just her and Oracle, but she breathes a sigh of relief nonetheless.
It’s also somewhat unsettling, knowing that the encounter last time was almost certainly
engineered to separate them. She wonders if Crow and Joker went through something similar.

She readjusts her grip on her sword, and moves her other hand to hover over her rifle. It
wouldn’t do to let something like that catch them all off guard again.
Joker makes a face as they all look around, “Looks the same to me.”
“All down to the specifics.” Crow says in vague agreement.
All down to the specifics, aside from the cognitions, or lack thereof. There are no shadows
just yet either, which doesn’t help Sumire’s nerves.
She casts an eye over to where she first awakened her persona. As far as places go, it’s rather
innocuous in comparison to the rest of the palace.
Thinking on it, she never did see a cognition of herself here ever again.
…She grips her sword a little tighter.
Joker makes a frustrated noise, “What if the whole palace is just… empty?”
“It certainly wasn’t empty last time.” Crow glares over his shoulder.
“It wasn’t empty when I went, either.” Sumire adds.
“Well—” Joker stares up at the ceiling, “Last time, everything that was here was mostly in
our own heads.”
Sumire coughs. “Well, there was a giant shadow in the lobby for me.”
“Was there anything else?”
“Maruki.” She says.
Joker sighs. “If Maruki isn’t here, I’d be worried.”
“Maruki is the problem.” Crow snips, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but when I
was here last October, I spent twenty minutes in forced conversation with the man before
getting hit in the face with a year that didn’t happen.”
Sumire grimaces as Crow marches off, and pauses, turning to Joker. “…What did happen to
you if you didn’t run into Doctor Maruki’s shadow?”
“Oh, the usual time travel fare.” He says, conversational, “Headaches, the twisting of reality,
hallucinations.”
At the last point, he suddenly winces. “Yeah, yeah…” he mutters to the ceiling.
“Uh,” Sumire says as Crow walks in and out of the safe room still nestled in its usual spot to
mark their progress, “Hallucinations still getting to you?”
“They left an afterimage, who I’d like more if he wasn’t mean to me all the time.” Joker says
gravely.

Sumire isn’t sure how much of that she should take seriously. Either way, she’s pretty sure
that historically that statement is blatantly false.
“If you’re done.” Crow interrupts, walking back, “I think it’s safe to say nothing interesting is
happening in this area.”
“Maybe the arena track, then?” Sumire suggests, “That’s another significant place. If
something major has changed, then it might be different.”
“Well, the arena track is forward,” Joker agrees, “So we may as well swing by.”
“I’d argue the amphitheatre is equally important, though that was on a different path
entirely.” Crow says.
Oh, right. There were some split paths. Not that Sumire ever got the chance to jog her
memory of them when that shadow brought down the whole floor and ceiling last she was
here.
Sumire jogs over to the set of doors close to the safe room. Foggy memory of specifics aside,
that first trip remains rather clear, and the door leading to the arena track opens with a small
click.
There are a pair of other doors at the front end of the reception hall, before the desk. She
remembers the left one being locked during their first visit, and sure enough, it won’t budge
as she tries the handle. And the other—
Isn’t there.
“The door’s gone.” She comments.
Crow turns, and frowns at the blank section of wall she’s pointing to. “Well. That’s certainly
more effective than a lock.”
“We needed a keycard for that one, right?” Joker asks, tugging at his fringe. “I can’t
remember if it was there in October or not.”
“The layout of this place got, uh, pretty shaken up when Oracle and I were here.” Sumire
says. “So I can’t really remember either.”
“I get the feeling,” Crow says grimly, “That our memories of how this place used to be laid
out are going to be rather useless.”
“Oh, great.” Joker sighs.
“Let’s just go.” Sumire announces, putting her hands on her hips, “Even if everything is
different, we still need to go forward to figure anything out. Unless you want to go back and
read the posters.”
“I do not.” Crow says.

“Great!” Sumire says with forced cheer, turning on her heel towards the door at the far end of
the hall. “Then to unknown corridors we go.”
But first, to known corridors. Sumire doesn’t find it within herself to appreciate the
familiarity as they pass the circular room where not-quite-memories had once played. Joker
looks uneasy, and Crow scowls at everything that moves, as well as everything that doesn’t
move.
Sumire pushes open the door leading to the upper walkway of the arena track, happy to get
out of this room in particular.
“Huh.” Joker clicks his tongue.
Well, it certainly isn’t the arena track.
“Told you.” Crow says.
“No one was disagreeing with you.” Joker says, exasperated.
The good humour is appreciated, but Sumire doesn’t think it solves their problem.
Instead of opening up, the door leads to a straight hall, doors lining either side. Or, rather,
what would be a straight hallway, if the entire structure had not twisted in on itself in a swirl.
Doors are bent out of shape, and the floor ripples in some parts as though it’s made of a thin
metal sheet.
“The question remains whether this is because of recent events, or if this is exactly as fucked
as the palace has been since time looped.” Crow muses, ignoring Joker’s snipe entirely.
“Violet?” Joker prompts.
“Well.” Sumire stares at the hall. “I spent a lot of time running through hallways I didn’t
recognise.”
“And?”
“None of them were…” She tentatively pokes a toe across the threshold. Nothing breaks just
yet. “Soupy.”
“Uh huh.” Joker nods, “Crow?”
“Temporarily.” Crow says. “Though, only while Maruki was actively moving me to a
separate part of the palace.”
“Uh huh, uh huh.”
“Oh!” Sumire perks up, “That happened to me too, actually.”
“Maruki has a brand, I suppose.” Joker hums, “Not sure if that’s a point for or against this
place being newly fucked up.”

“Joker?” Sumire prompts.
“Well, again.” He says, “The hallucinations.”
“Uh huh.”
“Actually, I might remember these doors.” Joker pokes his head in the hallway, “From
October.”
“What, from when I tried to kill you?” Crow interjects.
“Yeah.”
Sumire doesn’t question it.
“Though,” Joker adds, “I can’t remember if this hall was so close to the lobby.”
“It’s pretty nondescript.” Sumire points out. “I think I ran through a fair few ones just like
this.”
“Without the soup?”
“Without the soup.”
“For fucks sake.” Crow mutters, “This is our only option. Just walk in the damn hall.”
“You walk in the soup hall, Crow.” Joker says. After a beat, he grunts like he just got elbowed
in the gut.
Sumire sighs, and places her foot properly on the other side.
Nothing breaks!
Yet.
She puts her other foot down.
…Still in the clear!
“We’re going to be here forever if you walk like that.” Crow interrupts, and brushes past her.
Sumire blinks at his back as he marches forward into the warped hallway. He doesn’t fall
through anything, so she supposes it’s fine to follow.
“It seems the last time we were all here, we weren’t able to pay an awful lot of attention to
the geometry.” Crow muses as he reaches the buckled floor, “So perhaps the palace was more
twisted than we realised.”
“I guess if we weren’t paying much attention, then…” Joker trails off, and Sumire fills in the
blanks as cognitive fuckery. “But palaces aren’t usually affected by intruders like that.”

“Usually.” Crow agrees.
“But this is Maruki.” Sumire points out, “And— things have been stretched before. With
Okumura and Sugimura.”
“Yes, but that was by a god.” Crow refutes.
“Could this be the god of control again?” Joker suggests.
“No.” Crow says, “Or, I doubt it. Maruki’s shadow told me outright that he was able to fend
off its influence.”
Joker whistles, nearly tripping on the ground as it twists on its axis further down the path.
“It could be,” Crow continues, “That this palace cannot form correctly, and our distraction
combined with Maruki’s active hand the last few times prevented us from noticing.”
Sumire awkwardly places her foot on what used to be the left wall, as it becomes closer to
down than the floor proper. “Oh?”
“His shadow remembers. But the man himself does not.” Crow mutters, more to himself than
Sumire or Joker, “There are some disparities in knowledge between a person and a shadow,
of course; inherent knowledge of the Metaverse being one, as well as some memory retention
of behalf of the shadow. But conflicting memories of the real world is unheard of. Which
takes precedent?”
“You think the palace can’t decide on what to draw on.” Joker says. “Maruki’s mind isn’t
consistent, so neither is the palace.”
“…So the fact that everything’s all topsy-turvy is a good thing?” Sumire asks, hopeful.
“Who’s to say?” Crow dashes those hopes rather thoroughly, “Even as a god, Maruki’s palace
was still solid in form and within the realm of possibility to navigate. Now, though, he seems
to have more control over it than ever, while simultaneously being unable to hold its shape.”
Joker snorts. Sumire supposes there is some amusement to be found in the situation, if they
weren’t the ones stuck with the fallout.
They’re fully walking over doors, now. Sumire tries to hop over them, lest one of them be
unable to hold her weight. She supposes she still has her grappling hook should she trip and
fall, which she assumes is the reason why Joker is stomping all over the doors without a care.
Or perhaps it’s just overconfidence, she thinks, as Joker takes a step and vanishes suddenly
with a startled yelp.
Sumire gapes, and Crow whips around to stare at the offending door-turned-trapdoor. Neither
of them move.
“Joker?!” Sumire calls out in alarm, a beat too late.

“Thanks for the concern, guys.” Joker’s voice wafts from the open door(floor?)way, dry as
the desert.
“If you were stupid enough to fall down a hole, that’s your own problem.” Crow snaps.
“Remind me why you were so worried about the rest of us, again?”
“You know, I think I did see trapdoors in some of my stress nightmares.” Joker comments
mildly, “I think I just forgot that they work on me, too.”
Sumire, very valiantly, does not laugh. Instead, she creeps over to the edge of where Joker
fell, and takes a peek.
She probably shouldn’t be surprised that gravity doesn’t make sense. Joker is standing in the
middle of what looks like a white void, upright as though the door were not positioned on the
floor— as though he had walked in normally, rather than fall to the ground.
Sumire looks up at Crow, “Think that’s the way forward?”
“How am I supposed to know?”
She tries not to let her face fall at the curt response, and instead shrugs, eyeing the door with
suspicion.
“Want my input?” Joker offers.
“You’re the dipshit who fell down the hole.” Crow snaps.
“Does this mean I never get an opinion again?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what it means.”
Sumire jumps into the door.
She lets out a somewhat undignified shriek as gravity spins in an instant, her downward
momentum suddenly translating forward, propelling her ten feet before she lands on her
stomach, knees thoroughly skinned.
Crow sighs, loudly, as he calmly steps through the door with more grace than twisted gravity
should allow.
“Good thing Violet and I went first.” Joker says, pointedly.
Not good for her knees. Sumire just wanted to see what would happen if she jumped in. She
stands, dusting herself off, “Um, is this… anything?” She gestures vaguely around the room.
She can’t even really call it a room. The white void remains a white void, nary a wire or
camera or poster or door beyond the one they just leapt through in sight.
Joker presses his lips together, tugging on his fringe, “…Doesn’t look like much.”

“Maybe we should head back to the hall, then.” Sumire suggests, sheepish. A distinct path is
probably better than just picking a direction and walking.
“Wait.” Crow says abruptly. He tilts his head. “…Can you smell that?”
Sumire wrinkles her nose instinctively.
Joker frowns. “It… smells like—”
“Seawater.” Sumire finishes.
“And blood.” Crow adds, darkly.
Joker visibly swallows, going pale. “Ah.”

Chapter End Notes

gday! you may notice that i am taking 300 years to respond to comments these days. i
have no excuse other than "i'm eepy" and that i appreciate and love seeing all of them
nonetheless
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! get ready for absolutely nothing these next few chapters
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Ren: you know, we could get through this faster if we get along
Akechi: just for that, i'm going to make this more painful for all of us

Chapter 99
Chapter Summary

Experimenting, and unfriendly camaraderie

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Shido has a terrible headache.
This is not particularly uncommon. It’s usually something he soothes with liquor, when he
gets the chance. He would pay it no more mind than it’s making itself known. But,
But, the most recent report from Takahashi still burns a hole in his desk, and headaches could
portend something far more sinister.
He’d be a fool to ignore it.
He also can’t do anything about it.
It’s been days since there was any activity at the Diet Building, and now there’s a spotlight on
Odaiba. Whatever is there is apparently relevant once again.
Headaches, and nothing at the Diet Building. Headaches, and something in Odaiba.
Was there something in Odaiba of any importance? He can’t recall. The Kirijo
conglomerate’s headquarters, perhaps? He certainly can’t complain, if the thieves are
bothering Kirijo rather than him. He doubts it, somehow.
“What.” Shido mutters, thinking of treachery and wayward sons, “Are you up to?”
***
Takuto has a terrible headache. He can’t quite decide if it’s a side effect from diving through
a rather literal manifestation of someone’s mind, or if it’s a direct consequence of the sight
before him.
Goro Akechi, half drowned and smiling pleasantly, stares him down. “You know,” he
comments, “I don’t believe we’ve met.”
“Well,” Takuto laughs nervously, “We’ve been having conversations.” And they have met.
The visage is not real.

He looks real enough.
“Barely.” Akechi dismisses. “I mean that I almost expected you to be someone I know.”
“You don’t remember me?” Takuto questions, cautious.
Akechi’s smile grows sharper, “Ah, you’ve met my counterpart, then?”
Takuto is very lost.
“Goodness, you are clueless.” Akechi sneers, “Use that head of yours. In a place like this,
what would a constructed perception of another person take form as?”
Takuto’s eyes widen as understanding dawns, “Oh, of course— then you’re—? Shido’s
perception of Goro Akechi. That makes more sense.” Relatively. More than Goro Akechi has
been trapped inside Shido’s head for the last month or so. “But then, does that mean that a
place as… complex as this is populated? Does it need to function like a regular ship? If
something goes wrong, does it affect Shido in reality?”
Not-Akechi raises an eyebrow at the barrage of questions. “If you’re curious as to the internal
logic, there’s more than you’d think, and less than makes sense. The ship functions as it
needs to.”
A non-answer for a non-person. “Right.” Takuto coughs. It really does reek out here. “So, do
you not recognise me because Shido’s never met me, or because he doesn’t think Akechi has
met me?”
“I suppose that depends on whether you’ve met the captain.” Not-Akechi tilts his head, and
god that’s uncanny. “You do look somewhat familiar, I suppose. But that could mean
anything.”
It certainly could. “…I suppose it’s not really that important.” Takuto concedes. But he does
still want to know. “You —uh— wouldn’t happen to know where the exit is, do you?”
Another pristine smile. “But you just got here.”
Takuto really doesn’t like the sound of that. Does this— cognition, he supposes, act
exclusively in Shido’s interest? Does Shido’s mind want to trap him here? Is it aware enough
to want him dead, or can he just… exist so long as he doesn’t touch anything?
The cognition snickers. “My, you look like I’ve just threatened to throw you overboard. You
just found your footing, I wouldn’t do that so soon.”
…Or it’s just messing with him.
Can cognitions do that?
Dolls cannot have a mind of their own, no matter how their strings are pulled.
Takuto is still pretty sure it’s messing with him.

“…This is probably rude,” He says, wondering how to breach the topic of are you sapient,
“But, ah, how—? Are you separate from Shido, or—?”
The cognition shrugs.
“You don’t know?” Takuto blurts incredulously.
“I’m separate enough to hate him.” The cognition says, “Though that wasn’t always the case.
And what even is hate, really?”
Takuto didn’t realise he was signing up for a philosophy debate. Though a debate with
something of dubious reality would surely be fascinating—
The time.
Right, he doesn’t have all day.
“Who’s to say!” Takuto says quickly. Do cognitions work like computer programs? “I just
mean— what should I call you, exactly?”
It tilts its head. “My name, preferably.” It (he?) grins, “He and I are practically the same,
anyway.”
He’s distinct from Shido, and he can recognise the person he’s based on as separate from
himself (barring the rather ominous implications of that second statement, at least).
“There really is a whole other world in here, isn’t there?” Takuto murmurs with awe.
Akechi raises an eyebrow. “In a sense. If you’re hoping for such structured conversation from
other cognitions, I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed.”
Takuto frowns. “Oh?”
Akechi shrugs again, yet another unnerving smile tugging at his lips.
…Maybe he should toss out all his observations if he’s had the bad luck to run into an outlier.
“Well, since I do have you here,” Takuto says, “Is there an exit?”
Akechi’s eyes flick to the railing surrounding the ship’s deck. “I suppose you could go back
the way you came.”
Takuto blinks, “Did I come out of the ocean?”
“Not technically.” Akechi says airily, “But you certainly didn’t come from the door.”
There is a door, now that he mentions it. Though it looks like it leads to the ship interior,
rather than out.
“It’s not the front door.” Akechi continues, “But it would have made more sense than
whatever the hell you just did.”

…Takuto doesn’t exactly see a second door, but he supposes they’re starting to tread into the
realm of the metaphorical.
He takes a second look at Akechi, “…Did you come out of the ocean?”
Akechi smiles grimly, “Not originally. But I wasn’t just going to drown. It’s a rather anticlimatic way to die.”
Which raises an interesting question, assuming Akechi’s outlier-dom doesn’t extend to this,
too. “Can you die?”
“Not permanently.”
Alarming.
“For now.”
…Even more alarming.
Concerning mortality of things that aren’t technically real aside, though, it’s really starting to
sound like Takuto’s trapped here.
Extend your senses.
That was a lot easier what things were less literal.
Maybe he’ll find better luck inside? Presumably indoors would be closer to a centre, if a
mind can have such a thing, and Akechi does keep mentioning doors. A thinly veiled hint,
perhaps?
“I wouldn’t go there if I were you.” Akechi warns as Takuto takes a step towards the doors.
…Or not.
“The ship proper is crawling with shadows.” Akechi explains, “You wouldn’t want to draw
attention to yourself by stepping where you shouldn’t.”
“…Shadows?” Takuto questions. “Oh! As in—?”
Akechi sighs. “Yes, of the Jungian variety. Though distinctly more violent.”
Ah. Takuto would like to avoid violence if possible. He’s generally not a fan, and he also
doesn’t think he’s capable of winning a fight with anything.
“I’ll steer clear, then.” He says with a nervous chuckle.
Still, the question remains, where can he go?
“What did you come here for, if you’re so uninformed?” Akechi asks.
“I’m hoping to find someone.”

Akechi snorts, and gestures around. “In here? Really?”
“Not literally.” Takuto splutters, “I mean a name.”
“Ah.” Akechi drops his arms, “You might have better luck, in that regard. Assuming whoever
you’re looking for has reason to be here.”
“Probably?” Takuto rubs at his neck, “I’m looking for someone who Shido’s been using as an
assassin, so I assume they’d be in here somewhere.”
Akechi’s face splits a knife grin. “Oh?”
“Yes.” Takuto slumps, and abruptly feels a bit underdressed in his lab coat and sandals. And a
bit cold, in the ocean wind. “Shido should know their name, right?
“He sure does.” Akechi mutters.
“All I have to do is pick through his head.” Takuto sighs, and takes a seat on the ship deck.
It’s not too wet, thankfully. Most of the water is dripping from Akechi himself. “Which
would be easier if it wasn’t so structured.”
“That is the point, for the most part.”
“If I could go inside without being torn to shreds…” Takuto laments. “It wouldn’t be too hard
to track down the yakuza in a ship like this, right?”
“Oh.” Akechi blinks. “The yakuza.”
“Hm?” Takuto snaps back to attention. “Yes? Who else?”
“You’d be surprised.” Akechi says enigmatically. “Though, I have bad news for you.”
Takuto grimaces, “Oh?”
“Shido doesn’t know the Cleaner’s name.”
“He doesn’t?” Takuto yelps, “Why—? Insurance, probably…” he trails off in a mumble,
answering his own question.
“Something like that, yes.” Akechi agrees. “Terrible luck you’ve got.”
Doesn’t he just?
There still has to be some way to get the name he needs.
Can he leap through minds without a name? Even if Shido doesn’t know who this Cleaner is
exactly, he surely still has an impression of the man sitting somewhere in his memory. Would
that be feasible…?
Without the tracks at your disposal, with your heart still beating in its cage, you will
have to get creative.

As cryptic as ever. But Takuto can probably do… some of that.
“Have you met this Cleaner person?” Takuto asks Akechi, sly as he can. (Which, he abruptly
realises with some disappointment, is not very sly.)
“On which account?” Akechi fires back.
Takuto blinks, “Uh,” what business would Goro Akechi of all people have with an assassin in
the real world? He is curious, though. “both…?”
Akechi snorts, “Then, yes. I’ve certainly encountered him —or rather, his cognition— in
here.” He gestures pointedly up and down his own body, still dripping wet, like that’s
supposed to mean something, “And my counterpart has met him in reality once or twice.”
Takuto nods slowly, before he realises what Akechi just said, and splutters, “Why has the
detective prince met a yakuza assassin?”
Akechi smiles sunnily.
Actually, now that Takuto thinks about it, “Why does Masayoshi Shido have such… a
detailed version of you?”
“Why indeed?”
Takuto can’t speak to the cognition’s accuracy, exactly. He’s only met Akechi himself once,
and only very briefly. Even if he were to count all the times he’s seen him on TV, that’s
hardly going to give him an insight into the boy’s true personality.
And yet, it seems like Shido at least thinks he knows Akechi very well.
The heretic has opposed you in more ways than one.
Takuto isn’t sure he likes the picture that’s being painted.
He offers a grimace, “So do you… work for Shido?”
Akechi waves a hand. “I used to.”
“Um, what did you…?” Takuto pauses, “Is the real you alive?”
“You’re rather slow on the uptake.” Akechi comments.
“A lot’s happening at once.” Takuto protests weakly.
Akechi snorts.
“But— oh, no, is the real you actually dead? Is that why you look like you got tossed
overboard? But then, you shouldn’t be here at all, should you? Or would you be a corpse? Or
—?”
Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose with a put-upon sigh. “It’s hardly your business.”

“Well,” Takuto coughs, “Uh, a friend of mine,” stretching the definition a bit, “Really cares
about your counterpart. And everyone thinks you’re dead? So I’d want to let him know if
you’re… okay.”
Akechi stares, expression unreadable. “How about this?” He eventually says, “You get one
question. Within reason.”
“One?”
Akechi smiles. More a sneer, really. “We’ll say that one doesn’t count.”
Oh. Whoops.
Within reason… what to ask?
“Uh,” Takuto swallows, “Why did you get thrown overboard?”
Akechi tilts his head, bird-like, “Because I don’t work for the captain anymore.”
The captain has to be Shido, then. But, did he get thrown overboard because employment is a
requirement for passage, or did he get fired in a rather more literal sense?
Oh god, did Shido kill him in the real world? Is that what’s happening here? Is the cognition
before him some lingering spectre of guilt that refuses to die?
Irrelevant.
Takuto thinks it’s pretty relevant.
“What are you going to do now?” The spectre in question asks.
“…Try and find this Cleaner, I think?” Takuto offers, still a bit shaken by possible
revelations.
“If you cause a racket he’ll show up eventually.” Akechi suggests, “With a hoard of shadows
in tow. You’ll get to take a dip in the ocean, too.”
That… isn’t as helpful as Takuto was hoping it would be.
“It’s a wonderful time of year for swimming.”
“It’s almost winter, actually.” Takuto points out.
Akechi smirks, “Maybe the cold will make you drown faster.”
Takuto wonders if the real Akechi has (had?) the same propensity for mean-spirited jabs.
“What’s he like?” Takuto asks. Maybe that will get him somewhere.
Akechi says, after a beat of consideration, “He’s not a man you’d think does the job he’s paid
for. If you met him, you’d probably think him borderline polite, if not strangely friendly.”

“Is he the one who, uh,” Takuto remains at a loss for any words to describe this, “Threw you
overboard?”
“Can’t recall.” Akechi says airily. "But it’s likely.”
Well, that’s the end of that questioning, then.
It’s very clear that Shido’s mind, overly physical as it is, doesn’t hold much in the way of
leads. Unless he wants to take a trip inside, which might also get him killed.
Whirlpools are still whirlpools.
Ah, a different kind of cryptic this time. Though still not wrong.
He eyes the edge of the boat.
…Maybe he should go swimming, after all.
“What are you doing?” Akechi asks, as Takuto stands up to shuffle closer to the railing.
“Testing a theory.” He replies with some apprehension. This could kill him. It could also get
him somewhere.
“You’re as stupid as you look, I see.”
Takuto hauls himself up onto the railing, and goodness the stench of salt and blood really
reeks when you’re right over it.
“I’m not going to fish your corpse out of the water.” Akechi tells him, “Have fun in your
watery grave.”
“Well, if you lived,” Takuto ventures, knowing the two instances are not remotely similar,
and dives overboard.
He hits the water—
There we go.
There are many whirlpools that disturb the sea, but in actuality there is just one.
“What the hell have you done?”
The rapids here are far more turbulent than anything that was in Amamiya’s mind, a
defensive barrier to ward off intruders probing for things they should not.
“No wonder you managed to survive getting here if you can do that.”
But the waters won’t kill him, as it turns out, so he sticks in a hand—
Akechi happens to be the first thought in Shido’s mind. Then a cascade of akechi palace
takahashi report cognition odaiba diet building headache headache headache akechi

phantom thieves sasaki SIU investigation akechi cleaner—
Takuto tries to grasp for cleaner, and finds nothing at all.
—sato isshiki sakura report akechi metaverse cognition manifestations barrier barrier ooe
cleaner kasukabe election sasaki watanabe—
“Just pick something. Don’t want to get stuck forever, do you?”
Watanabe, Takuto grasps for on a whim, and,
And,
(Start spreading roots. Your chance is now.)
Not here. Ah, the immutable truth is back, Elsewhere.
Still no ticket? Well, that’s—
It’s a lot easier to trip towards Watanabe’s mind than it is Shido’s, as Takuto is ripped past
twisting railways and spinal vertebrae, his consciousness pushing through veins and arteries.
All to find a small hollow in the living body of Tokyo’s underground.
***
Watanabe, Futaba is realising, is kind of a boring guy.
Well, his shadow is boring. Which is actually kind of an alarming thing to be when the actual
man is helping cover up a murder and political conspiracy. He really considers this stuff
worthy of repressing?
“My wife won’t clean up the stupid coffee grounds around the damn machine,” Watanabe
laments, loudly. “She’s the only one who even drinks coffee, and all she does is attract ants.”
“That’s great.” Makoto says, “Tell us about your work in investigating the SIU director’s
murder—”
“I hate my boss.” Watanabe whines in response.
Makoto closes her eyes. “…That’s great.”
They haven’t even had to fight the guy. He started spilling all his mundane woes the second
they all set foot in his carved-out little chunk of Mementos.
He’s not any more helpful than the last three names they’ve had the chance to drive by.
They’ve been going in order of distance from the surface, for lack of any more convenient
method, ping-ponging between rest stops with the Nav to save on time when necessary.
The fact that this guy is so relatively far down in Mementos is kind of funny, actually.
Futaba’s really damn curious what he’s like in real life.

“Alright, buddy.” Ryuji snaps at Watanabe, swinging his pipe over his shoulder, apparently
thinking it’s his time to shine with the Bad Cop part of the routine, “How ‘bout you start
tellin’ us somethin’ useful?”
“But my kids don’t respect me!” Watanabe wails, and woah, this guy has kids?
“You know,” Ann drawls out, in that voice she does when she’s about to lie really badly, “I
bet that your kids would respect you if you tell us what we want!”
“Why on earth would they do that?” Yusuke asks.
“Well don’t say that!” Morgana hisses.
Haru sighs, which is pretty rich for someone who hasn’t been participating in the
interrogation.
“Why would they?” Watanabe sniffs, “I get them more gifts, I bring them to DestinyLand,
and still they act like they hate me!”
“Uh, how old are they?” Futaba asks.
“Fourteen and fifteen?”
“Kinda just sounds like a couple of snotty brats to me.” Ryuji mutters.
“…Perhaps if you spent more time with them focusing on their individual interests?” Makoto
offers.
“What would you know?!”
“Just a suggestion…” She mumbles petulantly.
“Perhaps if we make more physical threats?” Haru asks pleasantly, hefting up her axe.
“I was tryin’ that, wasn’t I?” Ryuji points out.
“Well yes, but you have to make it clear you’re ready to act on them.”
“How about,” Makoto quickly interrupts, “We don’t accidentally kill anyone?”
“You’re going to kill me?!” Watanabe shrieks.
Haru drops her axe back down. “I wasn’t going to kill him.”
“Are you sure?!” Morgana yowls.
“She totally is.” Ann says to Watanabe, “If you don’t start talking.”
“Really?” Watanabe squeaks, golden eyes wide with fear.
Futaba gets a ping from Necronomicon.

“Certainly.” Yusuke says, finally catching on, “It will be a rather bloody dismemberment.”
Ryuji leans in to whisper to Futaba, “Is he gonna start try’na fight us now, or…?”
“Huh?” Futaba furrows her brow at her displays, trying to figure out what it is
Necronomicon’s freaking out about. “Uh, maybe.”
Ryuji pointedly looks at the panicking shadow, “Got anything a bit more solid?”
“Hold on.” Futaba mutters. “There’s something…?”
Yusuke turns away from the other thieves still trying to extract information, to little success.
“Is something amiss?”
“Yes?” What is that? It’s almost like a structural weakness in the room itself. The signature is
familiar but… definitely not a person. Maybe a person? “Maybe? No?”
“Well, which is it?” Makoto asks with some concern, turning away from Watanabe.
“Um.” Futaba stutters. She swears she’s seen this before, she just can’t remember where. If it
were one of the myriad times they’ve all been in mortal peril, then she’d probably recognise
it immediately, but…
The pieces align, and Futaba freezes.
Oh—
“—Shit!” She yelps, “Guys!”
The rest of the thieves perk up, “Yes?” Haru asks.
“We gotta go, right now!” Futaba shouts, “Mona, chop chop! We need a ride!”
Morgana starts speeding towards the exit, “Sure?! Why, what’s going—”
He’s cut off by the walls bursting. Slick blood and pus splatters across the carved floor, as
vines-tentacles- wires writhe across the ground, trying to inch closer to the shadow in the
centre.
“Holy shit!” Ryuji ducks a wire swinging past him.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Ann repeats in a mantra as she dodges a thick wire crashing down from
the ceiling, scrambling for the vortex leading back to Mementos proper.
Morgana jumps and transforms into a van in a puff of smoke, “Is it spreading?!”
“Dunno!” Futaba leaps into shotgun, “But I don’t wanna chance it!”
Makoto slams the driver-side door shut, “Everyone in?”

Ryuji is the last to haul himself into the van, a beat after the question is asked, “Pedal to the
metal, Queen!”
Another wire crashes where the van just stood as Makoto does exactly that, a cacophony of
curses arising from the back seats as they jet out of the hollow carved by Watanabe’s shadow.
***
They crash back onto the train tracks, speeding down the tunnel.
Futaba sticks her head out of the window, looking behind them, and sees the swirling
entrance quickly overtaken by wires, growing outward like roots before abruptly coming to a
stop, encroaching no further on Mementos’ territory.
Necronomicon stops blaring alarms in her head.
“Okay.” Futaba says, breathless, “I think we can slow down.”
Makoto translates slow down to stop immediately, and the back seats all give another set of
yelps as they’re flung forward by inertia.
Well then.
“What the eff was that?!” Ryuji squawks, which pretty much encompasses how Futaba’s
feeling right now.
“Is Watanabe gonna be okay?” Ann asks, looking panicked, “Like, that didn’t just kill him,
did it?”
“No,” Morgana says through the radio before Futaba can, “I don’t think that hurt his shadow
in any way. Probably.”
“Then what did happen?” Yusuke frowns, framing the glowing wires between his hands
through the back window.
“We got kicked out.” Futaba says, “Completely booted.”
“You mean that was specifically trying to force us out?” Haru clarifies.
“What would even have the power to do that?” Makoto grits her teeth, “And why?”
“To answer your first question,” Futaba raises a finger, “Maruki.”
There is an unsurprising burst of overlapping chatter.
“How d’you know it’s him?” Ryuji demands.
“Uh, I went to his palace, remember?” Futaba crosses her arms, “It took me a second to
pinpoint the signature, but it’s definitely the same. Plus the wires are the same as in his
palace.”

“Great.” Makoto says weakly, “So we’ve got Maruki to contend with.”
“Why would he kick us out, though?” Ann says, nervously tugging at a pigtail, “If he’s
looking for the Cleaner’s name, shouldn’t we be working together?”
“It’s not like he knows who we all are.” Futaba points out. “I don’t know what he just did, but
I doubt he experienced it the same way we did.” Unless the doctor just had the unfortunate
experience of physically turning into wires and had to figure it out from there.
“And isn’t he supposed to be inexperienced?” Haru adds, “Perhaps he didn’t mean to kick us
out.”
“If he even noticed we were there.” Yusuke hums.
“That’s a whole lot of speculation for something can’t confirm either way.” Morgana
grumbles.
Makoto starts driving again, moving them forward at a more normal speed. “I’m hesitant to
make so many assumptions, too. What we do know is that was dangerous, and has the
potential to cut our interrogations short.”
“And even if Maruki didn’t hurt Watanabe, what did he do to him?” Ann asks, “He didn’t
like, change his heart or anything right? That could be bad if someone notices.”
“…Perhaps we should move quickly, then.” Haru says, “if we get the chance to
communicate, then we will.”
“Is Maruki hitting up the same guys we are?” Ryuji flops back into his seat, “Kinda
annoying.”
“Especially since we have no idea if his methods are more or less effective than our own.”
Yusuke hums.
Makoto presses her lips together. “Let’s just… continue as we were. Like Noir said, if we get
the chance to talk, then we’ll talk. But we shouldn’t waste a day just because Maruki’s
poking around at the same time we are.”
Continue as normal, is it? Makoto’s definitely right that there’s not much else they can do,
unless they want to try hacking at the wires next time they see them.
Futaba blows a raspberry. It’s times like these that she kinda wishes the familiar-withMaruki’s-bullshit crowd were here.
***
Instead of being pulled under the tide, the next thing Takuto feels is his back hitting the
cruiser’s deck.
“How was your trip?” Akechi asks disdainfully.

Well, he didn’t get very far. It was easier reaching something that felt like Watanabe than it
was Shido, but he didn’t even get the chance to enter the man’s thoughts before he lost his
grasp.
“Unproductive.” Takuto eventually settles on, wincing as he sits up.
“All that, and all you have to say is that it was unproductive?” Akechi’s lip curls.
“Uh.” Takuto stumbles a bit as he gets to his feet, “What did it look like on your end?”
“You broke something.”
“…Meaning?”
Akechi shrugs. “There were some wires, I think.”
“You think?” Takuto blurts.
“Possibly.” Akechi tilts his head, “But if there were wires, then they aren’t allowed to be
here. You’d have to try a little harder than that.”
Strike at the core. The tyrant may not sustain himself in an ideal world.
That sounds… like it’s not what Takuto’s here for.
“I feel like I went somewhere.” He tries to describe.
“You did disappear.” Akechi agrees, “You jumped, for one. But then you were back on the
deck. But also not.”
Takuto thinks that perhaps trying to find the physical logic in what just happened will lead
nowhere.
“I’m going to try again.” He announces.
Akechi scoffs, “Didn’t I just say you’ll have to try a little harder? Throwing yourself at a wall
without reconsidering your strategy is liable to just give you a concussion.”
Fair point. “Any thoughts, then…?”
Akechi shrugs, “If you got in here, you’ll be able to get in anywhere. Just use your brain, if
you have one.”
Another fair point, if Takuto ignores the jab.
Then again, how did he get in here? He still doesn’t have a ticket, whatever that was
supposed to mean. Perhaps he didn’t need one as much as the fabric of this place insisted he
did.
How did he get into Amamiya’s mind? In retrospect, Takuto supposes it was disturbingly
easy. He knows the boy fairly well, so it wasn’t hard to reach in and find more.

“Oh.” Takuto verbalises.
Perhaps names are less important than they seem.
“What?” Akechi narrows his eyes.
Perhaps learning what the Cleaner is like really will get him somewhere.
“Can you tell me more about the Cleaner?” Takuto asks Akechi with renewed determination.
Akechi sneers, “I don’t know him that well. If you’re asking how he takes his coffee, I have
no idea.”
Damn.
“So all you know about him is that he’s oddly friendly.” Takuto recites. He doesn’t think that
will be enough.
Akechi smiles, “And that he’s a contract killer. But people are so quick to judge.”
Takuto isn’t sure he… quite agrees there, but he isn’t going to argue with a figment of
Shido’s imagination.
“Would… other people know more about the Cleaner?” He ventures.
“Probably.” Akechi tilts his head, “You could always speak to the Captain’s shadow yourself,
but that’s more likely to killed than get you information.”
…Maybe not Shido, then.
“Though given your propensity for jumping overboard, perhaps danger suits you.” Akechi
adds drily.
“Are you worried?” Takuto asks, a bit overly hopeful.
“No.” Akechi fires back, deadpan, dashing any hopes of potential camaraderie, “Please, do it
again. It was amusing if nothing else.”
If Shido’s not an option, then…
“Who else is, uh, important?” Takuto asks, “On the ship.”
“Aside from myself and the Cleaner?” Akechi smiles cheerfully, “Oh, and the Captain, of
course.”
“Um.” Takuto really doesn’t know how to take his mood swings, “Yes?”
Akechi looks contemplative, “If you’re looking for someone who may know the Cleaner
more than I do… Sato may know something.”

Takuto remembers Sato’s name cropping up somewhere in Shido’s stream of consciousness.
“What’s his full name?”
“Norio Sato.” Akechi answers, then shoots him a dubious look, “You’ll run into the same
problem with him as the Captain, if you intend to set foot inside the ship.”
“I won’t have to.” Takuto says, eyeing the deck’s railing again.
Akechi follows his line of sight, and hums, clearly unconvinced, “Whatever you say.”
“Do you… know more about Sato?” Takuto asks.
Relying on heretics and gnats is foolish. Information spouted from a walking falsehood
is unreliable. Turn from this folly.
As off-putting as this reconstruction of Akechi is, he’s being somewhat helpful.
“I do.” Akechi nods, and Takuto resists the urge to cheer, “He’s a reclusive sort. Infinitely
paranoid. A tech genius. He handles the Captain’s cybersecurity.” He gives a wolfish grin,
“He’s scared of me. Can’t imagine why.”
Takuto blinks, “Why is he scared of you?”
“Who knows?” Akechi shrugs, “The real me must have done something under the Captain’s
nose. All that’s left is the aftermath.”
Takuto’s grasp on Goro Akechi as a person becomes more tenuous by the second.
“Anyway,” Akechi waves a hand, “Will that be enough for your… expedition?”
“Uh.” Will it? “Do you know how he takes his coffee?”
“Black. With a couple of extra shots, if he can help it.”
That could be useful, actually—
Akechi kicks him towards the edge of the boat, “Go on, then.”
Takuto feels that he’s going to be perpetually unwelcome here. He chuckles sheepishly,
climbing up onto the railing and casting an uncomfortable look down at the churning waves.
His confidence is somewhat drained, the second time around.
Paltry illusions will not be your end.
That’s a bit comforting, he supposes.
He takes a breath, and jumps—
It’s not as overwhelming, the second time.
You may not establish yourself here. The immutable truth commands.

That’s fine, given he’s trying to reach elsewhere.
Shido’s thoughts whip by at a mile a minute, a similar rhythm to the rapids before. A tangled
loop of akechi phantom thieves isshiki sakura sasaki niijima akechi ooe report headache
headache akechi thieves takahashi sato—
Sato flickers past, and Maruki snaps forward to snag it.
Norio Sato, he tries to announce above the rapids, paranoid, tech genius, recluse, likes his
coffee black with extra shots, terrified of Goro Akechi—
That should be enough.
Rather than vertebrae and sinew, Takuto is ripped through flashing lights, colourful and
nauseating. He braces to hit a wall, and—
Doesn’t?
Not every mind is so fortified as the tyrant’s.
Apparently not, as Takuto goes spilling out onto carpeted floor in a dark room, a scattered
mosaic of computer monitors illuminating the far side of the room. Above him, four CRT
TVs are suspended from the ceiling, displaying a pixelated miasma that he can’t quite make
out.
“How the hell did you get here?!” A panicked voice rings out from the far end of the room.
Takuto scrambles to his feet, not having expected this in the slightest, and sees a figure
backlit by the light of the monitors, two pinpricks of gold piercing the void of his face.
Takuto coughs, loudly. “Sorry! Sorry to, uh,” he trips over his own feet, “Drop by?”
The figure’s (shadow’s…?) eyes narrow sharply, “Who are you?”
It’s… probably a bad idea to give potentially-Sato his name, when he’s never met him in
reality. “Oh just a… concerned citizen.”
“Did He send you?” The shadow sneers, “Another of His pet projects?”
The TVs hanging above crackle with static at the accusation.
“I’m not entirely sure who ‘he’ is,” Takuto admits, “But, I was hoping I could ask you some
questions? I’ll leave as soon as I’m done!” Assuming he can figure out how.
“What sort of questions?”
“Uh,” No use beating around the bush, “Are you familiar with someone called ‘the
Cleaner’?”

The monitors spark and glitch, “I knew it.” Sato hisses, “I couldn’t find anything, but ever
since Akechi kicked it He’s been looking for a replacement. Too bad He offed His best
researcher, huh?”
Takuto stares, “…What?”
Did he get lucky, just having his research shafted? What the hell was Akechi even involved
with—
“Let me guess.” Sato turns back around to his monitors, apparently losing interest, “He’s
starting to get antsy about the fact he doesn’t have any insurance on the Cleaner?”
“Uh.” Takuto is still trying to process. No wonder the cognition of Akechi looks so amused
all the time. “Sure?”
Sato scoffs. “He hasn’t had to use conventional methods for nearly three years. I’m just
surprised He found you so quickly. Did the promise of riches and security entice you?”
Did the promise of riches and security entice Akechi? That is what Sato is implying, isn’t it?
Or, no, Akechi is a child— surely simple greed isn’t enough to drag him into Shido’s web,
whatever form that may take. Takuto is really still trying to wrap his head around the concept
that Akechi was working for Shido, let alone like this.
(And yet, it does make a certain measure of sense, doesn’t it? There are only so many ways to
arrange the puzzle pieces laid before him. Not to mention the rather obtuse implications Sato
is presently throwing at him.)
“…He’s had you all this time,” Takuto doesn’t actually have any idea how long Sato has been
working for Shido, “And he hasn’t managed to snag any insurance yet?”
Sato whips around again, eyes flashing, “You think I haven’t tried? That’s been a sort of longstanding request.”
“And what have you found?” Takuto pushes. Shadows and cognitions are a chatty bunch, it
seems.
“Just tell me what you want.” Sato snaps, “When His last attack dog showed up in here, it
was on personal business. I doubt He’d send you here to dig through my mind when He
knows He can just ask in person.”
Well, no wonder Sato’s terrified of Akechi. Does this mean interacting with the Shadow in a
certain way can have real world effects on the psyche? Is that similar to what Takuto did to
Yoshizawa? It’s probably how the Phantom Thieves work, thinking on it, not to mention the
mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns—
Oh god, is that what Akechi was doing?
Focus.
He’s having a crisis, here!

“Well?” Sato calls out, sounding a bit nervous.
“Um,” Takuto tries to pull himself together, “Well, I really do just want to ask some
questions.”
“That’s it?” Gold narrows to slits.
“Yep.” Takuto confirms, “Really!”
“No thievery? No murder threats? You don’t want me to do something in the real world?”
Takuto blinks, “Oh, were the Phantom Thieves here?”
Sato snorts, “They’re a joke. A gaggle of children. They can’t hurt me.”
“…But Akechi can?” Takuto clarifies.
“Well, he didn’t.” Sato says, seeming to calm himself down, “So maybe he was all bluster.
Maybe He wouldn’t let him.” He shoots another look from across the room, “But you’re new.
It’s never good when He shakes things up.”
Fair enough. Takuto would love to ask the cognition waiting in Shido’s head some questions,
but he doesn’t even remember what he did. Or, not him, technically.
There would be little confusion if you separated the doll from the soul.
But the cognition really is rather lifelike. It would be rude to think of him only as inanimate.
“I promise, I just want to know about the Cleaner.” Takuto bows, parallel to the ground, “On
my word.”
“That doesn’t mean much.” Sato points out, “But I don’t have much of a choice.”
“Exactly!” May as well play into it. “So, uh, what do you know?”
“Not his name.” Sato sighs, “I’m the best there is, but there’s nothing I can do if there’s no
digital footprint to start. This guy was probably born into the business, or he’s so thoroughly
cut himself off from his past life that he may as well have been.”
Well, that’s unfortunate, if not expected. “What about him as a person?” Takuto pushes,
“Have you met him?”
“Once.” Sato admits, “But He likes to record their meetings for me to scour through, on the
order that I thoroughly destroy them once they’ve served their purpose. All I can say is that
he’s an unsettling type. Akechi knew his place, in front of Him at least, but this guy likes to
laugh it up. Pretend like he owns Him, rather than the other way around.”
Judging by the circumstances, Takuto isn’t sure if anyone owns anyone here. “Do you know
anything more specific?”

Sato’s head tilts, “He never seems desperate. He stopped giving the Cleaner so many jobs
after Akechi came on the scene, but he never even batted an eye. I can’t tell if that means he
has more clients than we think, or he’s a great actor.”
Definitely unnerving, Takuto has to agree.
“And…” Sato continues, “He’s yakuza, definitely. He’s got the tattoos to prove it, but I swear
the goons are for show.”
“Goons?” Takuto blinks.
“Yeah.” Sato nods fiercely, “Whenever he meets Him in person, he’ll have a couple of guys
with him to sneer and laugh with him, but it doesn’t look like he actually works with them,
you know? They’re just there. Maybe he’s the only one who actually does any work in the
whole clan.”
Takuto doesn’t know, actually, but it’s another piece to a very enigmatic puzzle. Even if that
part is just speculation.
Gold flicks to the side, “That’s all I’ve got.”
“That’s more than enough.” Takuto reassures him. It isn’t, but he isn’t going to get anymore
by trying to be threatening. “Though, one more thing?”
Sato sits up straight, “What?”
“Do you know how he takes his coffee?”
Sato stares at him.
“It might be important.” Takuto says sheepishly.
“…He prefers tea, actually.”
It’s something!
But, it seems he’s done all he can here—
—it’s with that thought that he smells blood and the sea once more.
“Hm. You’ve lost your footing again.” Akechi comments.
“Uh, thank you!” Takuto quickly shouts out to Sato, “You’ve been a big help!”
“Or maybe you’re just finding it?” He muses. “Hard to tell, honestly.”
“No wonder I haven’t heard of you.” Sato eyes him with disdain, “Whatever you’ve got
going on is obviously alarmingly experimental.”
Oh, it sure is an experiment.

“There you are.”
Takuto doesn’t get the chance to retort to Sato’s comment, before his back is hitting the steel
deck of Shido’s cruiser once again.

Chapter End Notes

well well well, here we are again! After having swapped to scrivener from word about a
year ago (jesus fuck time flies) formatting like the stuff in this chapter does get a bit
annoying, since i have to redo all the indents and swapped right/left text when i paste it
over into ao3. it's not the Most time consuming thing in the world, but ah you know how
it is
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! as promised, there is fuck all to report
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Cogkechi: looking for an assassin, are you? where oh where could one be....
Maruki: I know, it's really quite the ask to track him down. If only i knew anything

about his yakuza clan, then i'd have something to work with
Cogkechi: his what now

Chapter 100
Chapter Summary

Laying down roots

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The first thing Takuto properly registers after being thrown on his back, pressed against the
steel deck of Shido’s cruiser once again, is the cognition of Goro Akechi sneering down at
him dispassionately.
“Oh, look.” He says, “You’re not dead.”
That’s a lot more threatening now that Takuto knows exactly what the boy apparently did for
a living.
“That was the plan.” Takuto squeaks, “Not dying, I mean.”
“Pity.”
Takuto sits up, and tries to subtly scooch a slight bit away. Judging from the raised eyebrow
on the cognition’s face, he isn’t very successful.
“Learn anything?” Akechi asks, managing to sound disinterested despite being the one asking
the question.
“Um,” Takuto coughs, “Some things.”
A second eyebrow rises to join the first. “Anything major?”
“Regarding the Cleaner?” Takuto says, “Sort of. Not nothing.”
Akechi hums, then grins, knife sharp. “About me?”
Takuto swallows, and laughs uncomfortably.
The grin widens further, splitting his face unnaturally. He snickers, and muses to himself with
wonder, “This is hilarious.”
“Really?” Takuto asks weakly.
“It is.” Akechi nods. “It’s quite funny how quickly perception can change.”

…Well, when he puts it that way.
“What will you do now?” Akechi asks, face smoothing out.
Does he mean broadly? Or about him?
“Um.” Takuto announces, the height of eloquence, “…Go for round two?”
“More like round three.”
“Round two of success.” Takuto amends.
Akechi jerks his head towards the edge of the boat. “Hurry it up, then.”
Takuto scrambles to his feet, and protests, “I don’t even know who to try and speak to!”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Try Masaki Ooe.”
“The politician?” Takuto blinks.
“That’s the one. Self-aggrandising type.”
Well, that’s uncharacteristically helpful.
“And make it quick.”
Or maybe Akechi just wants him gone as soon as possible.
“In a hurry?” Takuto asks, as he shuffles towards the railing again.
The cognition’s face spasms, like he isn’t quite sure what expression to make.
“It’s not your business, is it?” He eventually says with a TV smile.
“…I suppose not.” Takuto agrees warily. He silently laments his knees as he climbs over the
guard rails once again, making the wiser decision not to look down this time. “Um. See
you?”
“With any luck, that will not be the case.”
Takuto decides not to dignify that with a response, and instead leaps over the edge.
It’s a practised art, by now.
The water is starting to feel more like a web.
Despite the newfound structure, thoughts still whip by: headache takahashi cleaner thieves
akechi cleaner headache sato sasaki psience defence defence fortress cognition akechi
thieves leader cleaner election ooe—

He snatches the thought from space, bubbles turning to thread turning to wire, and none of it
feels so urgent anymore. The wire rips him forward, tumbling through glass and artificial
starlight, before—
Actually, maybe that glass is a little more literal than he thought it would be.
Takuto crashes onto plush red carpet, which does little to soften the blow of having just
shattered a ceiling of glass with his own body.
“Ow.” He voices for his own benefit, grimacing as blurry-faced cognitions all dressed in
evening wear erupt in screams, dramatically clasping their champagne flutes close to their
chests.
“Who the hell do you think you are?!” A voice thunders from down the grand hall. A little
less grand, covered in glass shards.
“Sorry!” Takuto calls out, trying to realign his glasses on his face. He wonders if he should be
assessing the damage to his body, but he feels relatively unscathed beyond being severely
winded.
A man in a crisp suit and stark golden eyes marches down the red carpet from the plinth
down the end of room, “I’ll have to ask you leave, sir.” He sneers, “This section of the
awards is only open to those granted special entry.”
Again with the tickets?
“Sorry,” Takuto repeats again, feeling rather out of his depth in comparison to how empty
Sato’s mind was when he crash landed there. He tries to think of an angle, “Uh— Shidosan… sent me?”
Ooe’s eyes narrow, “Did he, now?”
Takuto probably should have asked Akechi if Ooe was scared of him, too. He swallows,
“Mhm.”
Ooe scoffs, “Shido-san didn’t mention that anyone would be dropping by, so I’m afraid I’ll
have to escort you out.”
Curiously enough, Takuto notes that Ooe doesn’t seem to be entirely cognisant of exactly
how out of place he is, in comparison to Sato and Akechi. Maybe he can use that…?
Or, it’s more liable to get him just kicked out.
Takuto spots two burly masked guards heading their way, (and goodness, are those the
shadows that Akechi was talking about? They’re a lot more terrifying than the shadows tied
to people) and quickly blurts, “I wanted to ask about the Cleaner!”
Everything pauses as Ooe does. “The who?”

“Um.” Apparently Ooe is cognisant of a whole lot less than just the side of reality he’s in.
“He’s… an assassin? Shido— Shido-san uses his services?”
“Oh.” Ooe stares at him, bemused.
“Could you tell me about him?” Takuto tries not to sound too much like he’s begging,
“Before you kick me out?”
Ooe waves a hand, “Security, if you would.”
Wait—
The girl only requested you not turn your roots on her.
Which is—
An excellent point.
Wires burst from the ground, spilling forth as intestines from a sliced gut, blooming through
the air before they torpedo back down to pin Ooe’s limbs. The shadow shrieks in protest, and
then in panic, as the whole mindpalacemanifestation freezes still.
Takuto gapes in shock. He doesn’t know—
He knows exactly what he’s doing. He’s done in an infinite times before, combing through
the hearts of—
What? No, he’s never done anything even remotely like this before! Even when adjusting
Yoshizawa’s cognition, or, or— her’s, it was… not violent—?
Oh, dear, is this what it looked like in their heads when he did that? He supposes a short
moment of undue stress would be worth it for an ultimately healthier mind, but it’s still very
alarming to physically see.
“Unhand me!” Ooe demands.
If the mouthpiece is not forthcoming, the next step is to prod at the veins.
That’s allowed?
No, an immutable truth speaks, managing to sound disapproving despite not having a voice,
It is not.
And yet you are capable nonetheless. Simple dissent will not obstruct the force of your
will. Proceed.
The wires that aren’t pinning the shadow to the floor twitch to life, pressing against the floor
and walls as though looking for weak spots. They bat away cognitions in their path, all still
frozen stock still.

“What are you doing?” Ooe snaps.
An excellent question. “Uh.” Takuto unfortunately can’t come up with an acceptable answer.
“You’re not supposed to be here!”
A wire sparks as something in Ooe’s mind
It’s a palace.
Cracks, spiderwebbing through the air, and suddenly the rest of the room looks rather like an
shoddy theatre set, flat and dull and falling to nothing like severed curtains. Rushing water
laps at his feet as threads tumble to the ground, before apparently remembering there isn’t a
ground, and shooting out in sharp pillars in lieu of gravity or physical matter to dictate their
direction and shape.
Ooe’s shadow whimpers. Takuto can barely spare the attention to feel sorry in the face of the
complete and abrupt deconstruction of the mind (Palace.) before him.
Well, there has to be some organisation to the filing system here.
Thoughts are much easier to grasp when they’re laid out as such, rather than whipping
through flood waters or balanced precariously on spider’s thread. The water’s rising a touch
though, so he might be on a time limit.
Shido? Oh, that’s a whole section in here. Rife with respect and barely suppressed
resentment. A subservient relationship, it seems, though Ooe is in stark denial of such. All
requests for problems to be solved go through Shido, rather than directly to the channels
providing the service.
There’s a smaller subsection on the Cleaner, and another that Ooe has only internally labelled
as Attack Dog. Perhaps Akechi’s name was not so widespread beyond Sato, who has the
apparent task of keeping all Shido’s secrets. A bundle of fearderisiondismissalimpressed all
tumbles out for Akechi, unknown though he is. For the Cleaner himself, a paltry bundle of
professionaldetatchedfear flutters out of the open well.
And, most conveniently, a memory.
It’s an empty lobby. The precursor to a meeting of sorts, if he were to hazard a guess. Ooe
himself stands stiffly to the side, doing a poor job at looking unaffected at having been left
waiting.
A man opens the door with little care for disturbing the quiet, his entrance echoing through
the room. He waves carelessly towards Ooe, a wide grin on his face.
“Ooe, yeah?” The man saunters over.
Ooe sniffs, taking in the man’s rumpled suit, his barely concealed tattoos, “And you are?”
“I’m no one important.” The man dismisses, “Just here for the meeting with the boss.”

Takuto feels the gears in Ooe’s mind forcibly grind to the realisation of who may be standing
before him. Ooe stands up a little straighter.
“I didn’t realise Shido-san still ordered your services.” He says, perhaps a little overly bold.
The man’s courage quickly ebbs after the words are spoken.
The Cleaner laughs, “He’s been a real cheapskate! The kinds of people they find to replace
you with, I swear.”
“You’ve met your… replacement, then?”
“You haven’t?” The Cleaner’s grin turns mean, “You wouldn’t know it, looking at him. But I
suppose the results speak for themselves.”
Vague thoughts of cognitivepsienceburiedredtaperesearch flit through Ooe’s head. Takuto dips
his toe down the path, and finds nothing of import. Ooe truly is more in the dark than he
knows.
“They certainly do.” Ooe agrees.
“Mighty dull, with no new jobs coming in from the boss.” The Cleaner comments, “Say, let
me know if you need any problems dealt with. I’m cheaper than the boss’ new pet, y’know.”
More gears click forward. A tide of possibilitypotentialcutfreesurpass that recedes with
fearsubmissionrespectretaliation.
Ooe swallows. “I’ll consider it.”
The Cleaner snorts, and claps Ooe on the shoulder, “Sure you will.” He checks a watch on
his wrist, “Well, looks like it’s time, then.”
The memory ripples away,
Takuto tries to cling to the relevant information.
He knows what the Cleaner looks like now, which can only be helpful. He also seemed—
discontent? Bored? Dissatisfied with Akechi’s introduction into the mix. Trying to egg Ooe
on for some unseen motive.
The water laps at his knees. Perhaps he should leave.
You need not return to the tyrant’s ark.
Then where?
Roots,
Veins,
Cables,

Wires,
Train tracks,
Ah, he’ll have to make ground again.
Again?
He digs through the space Shido encompasses to find a name, any name. Perhaps none will
be relevant, but he can always make leaps.
Salt and blood burns his nose.
And he can always return.
Rather than being ripped forward, he sinks until he reaches bone.
***
Ren doesn’t like what’s happening with Maruki’s palace.
Granted, he never liked the place. But the fact that something is so blatantly wrong, and the
fact that it’s Maruki is cause for alarm.
He also fell through a door, so he’s still trying to shake that off.
It also smells like blood and seawater, which beyond the general embarrassment of falling for
trapdoors is setting off a whole new set of stress reactions that Ren didn’t even know he had.
“…Is there something bad about this smell?” Sumire asks, looking worriedly between Ren
and Goro.
“I suppose it’s not unique.” Goro says, clipped. “But it’s the same stench that permeates
Shido’s palace.”
“Oh.” Sumire looks unsettled, “Um, maybe we should go back to the hall…?”
They could. They’d risk trapdoors again, (Ren was the only one stupid enough to stand
directly on the doors, he knows) but they could.
But this is also the only place that’s smelled of progress, unpleasant as it is.
“I wanna know why this place smells like Shido’s palace.” Ren shoves his hands in his
pockets, clenching them tight. “I say we keep going here.”
Goro inclines his head slightly, “Agreed.”
Sumire nods, “Here it is, then.”
…Despite the smell, here is still a whole lot of white void.

Ren picks a direction, and starts walking like he knows the way to go. “We’ll probably hit
something eventually.”
“Sometime this century.” Goro sneers.
“I’ll do you one better.” Ren says, with no idea if he can actually meet the century deadline.
Sumire idly clasps her hands behind her back, looking around as if there’s actually anything
interesting to look at. “…Can you hear that?”
“Hear what?” Goro snaps, and there’s a vindictive part of Ren that feels a lance of
satisfaction at Sumire getting the same cold shoulder he’s been getting for month. He tries to
bury it. He’s only half successful.
Sumire tilts her head like she’s trying to strain her ears. “It… kind of sounds like waves?”
All at once, the white cracks. A chasm falls, something else jammed in its place, like a
window carved out of the void.
Or, not quite a window. More a cross section of a stage, if a stage were embedded perfectly in
the ground and brought with it a chunk of the sky and scenery. The scenery being a perfect
recreation of the deck of the Cruiser of Pride, the crumbling remains of Shido’s vision of
Tokyo laid beyond it.
Ren hasn’t seen this place in over a year. He can’t say he’s thrilled to be reintroduced.
Goro folds his arms. “Whose fault do you think this is?”
Sumire, who had jumped about a metre in the air when the ship cracked into existence, turns
to give him a truly incredulous look.
Goro gestures sharply, “That Shido and Maruki’s cognitions are colliding would not be my
first assumption.”
Oh. “So either Maruki’s in the middle of something, or we’re affecting the space here.” Ren
concludes.
“Um, I’ve never seen Shido’s palace before, so.” Sumire offers, pointedly absolving herself
of all possible guilt.
Goro turns to stare at Ren.
Ren splutters, “This is more likely to be your fault than mine!”
“Oh, is it?”
“Actually, this one happens to be on me.”
Sumire yelps, and jumps another metre in the air. Ren’s hand snaps to his gun at the voice,
and he whirls around to see Takuto Maruki, golden eyes and sheepish grin all, standing

awkwardly in the white void.
Ren hesitantly releases his grip on his gun.
Goro draws his sword, very slowly.
The shadow quickly waves his hands, “No need to get hostile!”
“Convince me.” Goro spits.
Ren reaches over to snatch his wrist, trying to convey as much exasperated authority as he
can with his glare. The sneer he gets in response tells him he isn’t doing a very good job.
“Hello, Doctor,” Sumire says stiffly.
“It’s nice to see you again, Yoshizawa-san.” Maruki says cheerfully, “You’ve come at a bit of
a bad time, I’m afraid.”
“Yeah.” Ren eyes the section cut into space, “…Wanna explain that one?”
“It was rather clever of you, Yoshizawa-san, to ask for my help in your dilemma.” Maruki
says, “Of course, the other me is a bit inexperienced in all this. I’ve been lending a hand
when I can, but this place was always a bit… unstable.”
“…You’re saying that the real you has found his way into Shido’s palace?” Goro asks.
“That I have!” Maruki nods, “Just the deck, though. Shido’s mind, as fortified as it is, is a
pretty good starting point.”
Goro makes a face. Ren is pretty sure he’s also making a face. Sumire looks too baffled to be
making a face.
There’s another crack in the void down the way, and a tangle of computer monitors joins the
steel and sea in the white.
“…The other me isn’t very good at keeping impressions out of his head.” The shadow
comments.
“Keep it that way.” Goro snarls.
“Or don’t.” Ren says. “Whichever one keeps you from breaking reality.”
“You shouldn’t do that, either way.” Sumire adds.
The shadow smiles like he’s discarded the advice.
Ren gestures to the holes in not-reality. “Is this going to be a problem for you?”
Maruki starts, “Oh, right,” he walks closer to the section of the cruiser, “This one keeps
cropping up, since I keep returning there. There were some subway tracks, earlier—”

Another crack, and a familiar red carpet spills out onto the ground.
Maruki sighs wearily.
Ren pokes a toe onto the carpet. He turns to Goro, “Is the security level rising?”
Goro scrunches his nose, “What?”
Ren’ll take that as a ‘no’. He removes his toe from the carpet, just in case.
Maruki’s shadow waves a hand distractedly as he does… something? “They’re not actually
from the palaces they’re depicting. Just after images.”
“…But you still need to get rid of them?” Sumire asks.
The shadow pauses. “…Maybe they are from the palaces they’re depicting. They’re not
wormholes, though.” He chuckles, “None you or I could access, at least.”
“What about the real you?” Goro asks with suspicion.
“He might be able to.”
Ren supposes Maruki Proper has the benefit of being able to leave his designated corner of
the Metaverse.
There’s another crack, and Maruki’s shadow is dusting off his hands, the image of Shido’s
palace completely erased. “There we go.” He says, “That should solve that for a little
while.”
Ren isn’t entirely sure where to go from here. “…You said you were lending the other you a
hand?”
Maruki smiles in a way Ren really hates. “It’s easier to speak when he’s in a cognitive
space.”
There’s some truth to that. Metatron muses in the recesses of Ren’s mind. Trying to drag
memory out of you was a far less arduous task when I wasn’t fighting your empirical
perception of reality to do it.
“And what, exactly, are you saying to him?” Goro’s eyes narrow sharply behind his mask.
Maruki waves his hands placatingly, “I’m trying to help you! If I don’t lend me a hand, I’m
not going to be able to find the name you need!”
Ren’s jaw clenches at the insistence of charity, snow and the muted smell of coffee prodding
his thoughts.
Sumire tilts her head, “Do you already know the Cleaner’s name? From, um, last year?”

The shadow readjusts his glasses, looking sheepish again, “Sorry… I never sought him out
directly, so I suppose I glossed over him.”
“What a paradise.” Goro drawls, “Where two known killers were left to wander free.”
“I would have gotten to him if time didn’t fold in on itself!”
That also makes Ren feel a bit sick. It’s probably for this best he hadn’t encountered this
version of Maruki that remembers, before this. He can’t decide if he’s grateful that Goro and
Sumire are here.
He swallows, “The other you isn’t going to remember because of this, right?”
The shadow tilts his head, “Why would you think that?”
Ren feels something tickling, then prodding, sharp against his brainstem—
Stay out! Metatron hisses.
Maruki reels back, looking shocked. “He really is everywhere, isn’t he?” He mutters.
Sumire is the first to whip out her sword at that. “What did you do?” She demands, authority
undercut by the waver in her voice. She whips between Ren and the shadow, panicked, “Did
he do something?”
Ren shakes his head quickly, “Don’t think so.” He has quite the effective guard, it seems.
“How would you know?”
“I didn’t do anything, I swear.” Maruki says, calm in the face of Sumire’s blade, “My
apologies, I just got curious.”
“I suppose the concept of not your damn business has been thoroughly eroded from your
psyche, has it?” Goro mutters darkly.
“I— can I adjust the deal?” Sumire says, sword still drawn, “You don’t— do that to me, or
any of my friends. Okay?”
The shadow gives her a long look. “I promise, I wasn’t trying to alter anything. But I’ll
accept those terms happily, Yoshizawa-san. Until you change your mind.”
“I won’t.” She snaps.
Maruki opens his mouth, before he’s interrupted by another sharp crack in space. Pulsing
flesh and subway tracks bleed out into nothing, and the shadow sighs, turning in the
distortion’s direction. “Cognitive space is so unpredictable, lately.”
“Whose fault is that, I wonder?” Goro mocks.

“I really don’t think it’s mine!” Maruki protests, “Time folding on itself certainly wasn’t me.
I’d attribute the creaky scaffolding of the Metaverse to that Grail at the bottom of Mementos,
but I don’t think the time thing helped either. And to my knowledge, the Grail was a bit too
dead to cause that too.”
Admittedly, Ren had kind of glossed over the cause of all this in the face of the aftermath. He
can take a guess as to who might be involved— this has the Velvet Room written all over it.
It’s probably for the best that Maruki doesn’t know who they are.
In a flash, the flesh and railways vanish. Sumire points to the monitors and red carpet, still
looking a bit sick. “Aren’t you going to fix those, too?”
The shadow sighs, “I should, shouldn’t I?” He trots off towards them, “They’re not liable to
get any worse, so they’re a bit lower priority.”
“This is all great,” Ren whispers to Goro, “But don’t you think we’ve already gotten what we
came for?”
“I don’t trust this.” He hisses back. “I don’t trust anything out of that thing’s mouth.”
“Me neither.” Ren agrees, if the prodding at his spinal chord was anything to go by, “But it
really doesn’t seem like he’s remembered anything. The real him, I mean.”
“But if Doctor Maruki is actively going through the Metaverse right now, then what if he
stumbles upon something that sets him off?” Sumire chimes in, hushed.
“Another point.” Goro tilts his head in her direction.
Ren sighs, and has to concede. “…How long should we stay, then? Just follow his shadow
around while he tries to make sure his brain doesn’t fall apart?”
Sumire shrugs, “Maybe if he’s busy dealing with us, he won’t be able to interact with his
other self so much?”
“I guess?”
“Or,” Goro suggests, “We could sabotage.”
“Like try to kill him?” Sumire clarifies, alarmingly unfazed, “I don’t think we’d win even if
we tried.”
“How strong is he right now, anyway?” Ren asks, because he also isn’t as fazed by murder as
he thought he’d be, “The Grail’s still alive, so he’s not a god.”
“Ah, but he remembers being a god.” Goro corrects, “Meaning he is one, in here.”
“If he remembered out there, would that power…” Sumire makes a series of hand gestures,
“Transfer?”
“Exactly my concern.”

Well, Ren wasn’t concerned. He sure is now. It’s unclear if the laws of cognition or reality
would come first in that situation, and he really doesn’t want to find out.
“If it doesn’t transfer, and he remembers, would he even be a threat?” Ren asks.
“Do you want to risk it?” Sumire gives him a vaguely panicked look.
Point. Not risking it is the whole reason they’re here to start. “Not really.”
“There!” The shadow exclaims triumphantly as monitors and carpet vanish with yet another
crack. “All sorted.”
“Good job.” Ren says on instinct. He gets an elbow to the stomach for his troubles.
Any pretence of conversation dwindles, and the four of them are left standing in a white void.
Maruki’s smile strains as the silence continues. Ren starts tapping his foot. Sumire starts
whistling.
Goro’s hand starts straying close to his gun again. Ren kicks him in the shin. He accepts his
second elbow to the stomach with grace.
“So…” Maruki starts, before there’s another crack and another spillage of blood, guts, and
railway tracks. Ren thinks he spots some wires tossed in the mix.
The shadow sighs, “Can’t have that…” and shuffles off to deal with it.
Maybe Ren should have brought some playing cards with him, or something.
***
Noir really does wish Mementos was a little more exclusive.
There’s always been things trying to kill her and her friends. That part is non-negotiable. But
she can’t say she appreciates Maruki’s intrusion. She could do without the god at the bottom
of the tunnels, too, but she supposes that’s a later problem.
Right now, she could do without the tense silence in the van. Then again, that might be her
own fault.
So much for building bridges. She considers that perhaps the demeanour she’s allowed
herself to express is only endearing to Crow and Violet, both of whom are not present.
Or maybe that’s uncharitable. Prim aloofness and barely restrained violence hasn’t put off the
thieves coming from anyone else. Everyone’s tired. Now isn’t the best time to be forging
better bonds.
(When is, these days?)

Besides, she’s pretty sure she’s friends with Mona. She just cant have a whispered
conversation with him while he’s busy being the van.
“How many more targets, Oracle?” Queen asks from the driver’s seat, her posture having
relaxed significantly after an extended period of time with no sign of Maruki.
“Uh…” Oracle, curled up in shotgun, taps away at the neon green screens Noir thinks are
supplied by her persona, “Two, three?”
“Sweet.” Skull stretches out his legs as much as the seat will allow. “Who’s up next?”
Oracle pauses, which is never a good sign. “Minoru Sasaki.”
Noir threads her fingers together, “I suppose we’ll find out if this is truly the man we believe
him to be rather quickly.”
“He probably is.” Panther says with learned pessimism.
“Well, we have to interrogate him either way.” Mona points out, “So get your kicks in, I
guess.”
“I tend to prefer swordplay.” Fox hums idly, “But I wouldn’t mind sparing some kicks.”
Noir tends to prefer her axe, but she also wouldn’t mind throwing a few kicks once they have
the man thoroughly beat into the ground. Astarte’s firearms haven’t been as effective as she’d
like in extracting information the past few hours, but there’s always time to start now.
“Any sign of Maruki?” Queen asks, tilting her head towards Oracle again.
“Nada.” Oracle clicks her tongue, “Or he’s just gotten better at hiding from me.”
“Well don’t say that.” Skull whines.
“I’m just saying! It’s possible!”
“We’ll worry about it if he shows up.” Queen interrupts firmly.
Noir dearly hopes he will not, but the thieves never do tend to get their way.
“…We should be coming up on the shadow soon.” Mona says after the van goes quiet.
“Mm.” Oracle agrees, “Next couple floors or so?”
“We haven’t run into José yet.” Panther comments, “I wonder where he is?”
“We do have quite the stockpile of flowers.” Fox adds.
Noir hums, “I know Crow has a way of calling him, essentially. Perhaps he’s lost interest
since none of our wildcards are here?”
“We’re cool enough on our own!” Skull protests.

Futaba crosses her arms in a huff, “We should’ve taken turns shopping from him. Now he
only cares about Joker.”
“It would have been nice to exchange some things.” Queen mumbles.
“Hey, maybe we could try callin’ for him?” Skull suggests with a grin, “Y’know,” he sticks
his head out of the window and takes a deep breath.
“Don’t do that, you moron!” Mona yelps, “Do you want to attract every shadow on this
floor?!”
“Eh, we can take ‘em.”
“Yeah, until the Reaper shows up.” Panther says, forcibly dragging Skull back into the van.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Skull pushes her off, “But there’s gotta be some way to get him to
show up. Ain’t no way he only cares about Joker and Crow. He’s studyin’ humans, ain’t he?
We’re human last I checked.”
He makes a good point. Noir tilts her head, “Thinking on it, Violet has run into him on her
own before, I believe.”
“She’s also a time traveller.” Queen says, “So that might not prove anything.”
“It can’t hurt to try.” Fox says.
Queen sighs, “I suppose not. Oracle?”
“Hey, I’ve never been able to track him before.” Oracle throws up her hands, “We’re gonna
have to rely on luck here.”
“Or…” Skull says pointedly looking out the window.
“Or,” Oracle interjects, “There’s actually a rest floor next. We could do some recon there if
we really wanna chat with José.”
Noir looks out the window, eyeing the winding forks in the path, and the dim glow of stars
just out of sight. “Or,” She speaks up, “We could take a short detour.”
Queen shoots a glance in the rearview mirror, and then out the driverside window. She
startles, and quickly makes a sharp turn down the tunnel. They roll to a stop, and all tumble
out of the van as Mona doesn’t wait for them to climb out before transforming.
“Ow…” Oracle whines.
“Oh!” José chimes from his car, “It’s you guys!”
Noir dusts off her pants, wincing slightly. She thinks her tailbone clipped the edge of the rail
track. That’s going to bruise. “Hello, José-chan.”

José looks between them, his brow furrowed slightly. “Huh.”
“Yeah,” Skull says, still peeling himself off the ground, “Just us today!”
“No worries!” José bounces out and onto the hood of his car, “I like talking to you guys.
Even if Mister isn’t here. Or the other Mister. Or the Weird Miss.”
Noir sees several of the thieves mouth weird miss? to themselves. She can sympathise.
“So, José,” Queen is the first to properly march forward, “We were wondering if we could
trade? And ask some questions.”
“If you’ve got flowers, I’m happy to trade!” José nods eagerly. “And I’ll try and answer
questions? I’m not always good at it, though.”
“Hey, that’s fine, little guy.” Skull reaches over to ruffle José’s hair, and looks vaguely
disappointed when it turns out that cracked eggshell shape on his head is as solid as it looks.
“Any answers you may have are sure to be valuable.” Fox adds.
“Great!” José beams, and turns to rummage around in the boot of his car, “Then here’s what
I’ve got!”
Queen and Oracle do most of the trading, with Mona shouting suggestions, picking up a
couple of healing and magic restoratives, and even a soma for the road.
“We’ll just hand it to Joker if we don’t use it.” Oracle says as she hands over the requisite
flowers.
“Say, José,” Panther starts, “The Reaper isn’t gonna show up if we hang around too long,
yeah?”
José laughs, “The Reaper doesn’t like to bother me, so you guys should be fine!”
That’s a little alarming. The other thieves agree, judging by the looks on their faces. Noir
won’t look a gift horse in the mouth, though.
“…Good to know.” Oracle drawls, “Uh, I know you’re super good at… Mementos stuff…?”
“Sure am!”
“Great. Yeah.” Oracle stutters.
“We were curious if you’d… felt anything? Recently?” Queen steps in, “Anything strange?”
José tilts his head, “Strange? Strange how?”
“Wires?” Fox suggests.
“Anything that feels like it shouldn’t be here.” Noir elaborates.

José tilts his head, “Hm…” he kicks his feet back and forth, “Well… the flowers a couple of
floors back tasted kinda strange. A bit… static-y.”
The thieves all exchange a look. “Yeah?” Panther presses.
“Yeah!” José nods, “The flowers here are emotions, y’know? But those ones weren’t right.”
Fox frowns, “I was unaware that the collective unconscious distinguished between right and
wrong for such things.”
“Oh, we don’t.” José shakes his head quickly, “But these were… artificial? Not human.”
“I see…” Queen bites at her lip. “And… you really didn’t sense anything that’s not supposed
to be here?”
José shrugs, “There’s always something that’s not supposed to be here!”
Oh.
“…Is it all the way at the bottom of Mementos?” Noir hazards a guess.
“Yep!” José smiles, “You all got rid of it before! You should do that again when you get the
chance.”
Noir blinks, a bit taken aback. It’s not an untrue statement.
“We’ll, uh, do that.” Skull scratches at the back of his neck. “In a bit.”
“No pressure!” José cheers, “But it’s getting pretty angry, so you might want to speed it up.”
“Noted.” Oracle clicks her tongue, “Was that the only weird thing though?”
José’s face scrunches in thought, “Well… there is something that’s always around the top of
Mementos. It’s… oh, what was it? A door?”
“A door?” Panther repeats, lips pulling in a frown.
Mona squints, like he’s trying to remember something, “That’s…”
José blinks, “A what?”
…The thieves exchange another round of cautious looks.
Noir does remember Crow talking about the Velvet Room before though. (The specifics
escape her mind, which seems to be par for the course.) Wasn’t that at the top floor of
Mementos, too?
She suppresses a smile. Such an exclusive club, to push even José out. Or maybe they’ve
targeted him specifically.

“Don’t worry too hard.” José says, like nothing just happened, “Those twins should keep
everything in check for the time being.”
“…Who?” Panther asks, looking like she’s hit her limit of concerning things to be mentioned
in a conversation with an extradimensional being.
“Well, That Person says they’re like rulers over power…?” José trails off when it becomes
apparent he’s lost them, “Don’t worry!” He says again.
“We won’t.” Noir reassures him, because there’s not much they can do right now aside from
worry, which seems a waste of energy.
“When you were near the flowers that tasted strange,” Queen starts again, “Did you sense
anything odd there?”
“Oh.” José’s eyes widen, “Ohhh.”
“What?” Mona jumps, “What is it?”
“There was something.” José nods eagerly.
“Could’ve said that before…” Mona mutters, settling down.
“It was kinda hard to see, though.” José muses, “And— I’m not sure if it’s not supposed to be
here? It’s not. But it’s also not not.”
The thieves exchange yet another look.
“Maybe because Maruki is a persona user?” Panther suggests, “Like, he’s allowed to be here,
because we’re allowed here…”
“But super not like the way he’s doing it.” Oracle finishes, “Crawling through the walls and
stuff.”
“You’ve altered Mementos before.” Fox turns to José, “Could you perhaps use a similar
method to better see this intruder?”
“Good idea, Mister!” José says, leaping from his car and taking a large hammer with him,
“Hm… it’s been a while since I’ve done anything that isn’t more… hands on? You might
want to step back a bit!”
The thieves oblige, and shuffle back a fair few metres.
“A bit further!”
…They shuffle back another few metres.
“Okay!” José raises his hammer above his head, “Let’s see…”

He strikes the ground, and a shockwave rolls through the tracks. Noir feels herself nearly
pushed off balance, having to quickly dart her foot back to avoid being knocked over.
The foundations of the tunnel do not shake, but they do ripple, a blood vessel here and there
bursting as it passes. The thieves all steady themselves, as José sends a contemplative frown
to the ceiling.
“There’s something here.” He diagnoses. “It doesn’t feel like a person, though? More like…”
“Wires?” Fox suggests.
“Yes!” José nods cheerfully, “Like a whole bundle of wires. And maybe cables? Those really
aren’t supposed to be here. But I guess the rulers of power are too busy to stop them? Or
maybe they can’t? That Person mentioned that we’re not supposed to interfere. Which is
funny, since someone folded time, and it definitely wasn’t you guys.”
That does seem a bit out of their wheelhouse, yes.
“Ooh, and they’re moving!” José’s eyes widen, “That’s extra bad!”
“Oh.” Queen says with despair.
“They’re… they are like wires.” José hums, “But they’re closer to roots.”
Even without a supernatural understanding of the collective unconscious, Noir dislikes the
implications present in that declaration.
“And they’re moving fast, too!”
Even worse.
“But, not through the tunnels?”
“Well that’s pretty much what we figured anyway.” Oracle interrupts. “That’s sorta all we
need to know.”
“Is there any way to avoid the— uh, roots?” Mona asks.
José shrugs, “Maybe!”
He doesn’t say anything else.
Queen sighs, “Well, maybe we should get a move on. Our next target is close by.”
There’s a round of grumbled agreements, and José waves cheerfully, “See you guys! If you
see the other Misters or the Weird Miss then tell them I said hi!”
Noir shoots him a smile as Mona leaps and transforms into the van in midair, “We will, don’t
worry.”

They all pile into their seats, Oracle pulling up her screens to continue navigating. “Hey,” she
says, “We might wanna start picking up the pace if we don’t wanna get outta here and find
it’s like, midnight—”
Queen makes a point of slamming down the pedal. Noir still thinks she could drive faster.

Chapter End Notes

100!! 100 whole chapters. the me from a couple of months ago is screaming in horror
anyway. it probably isn't surprising that i've been silksonging all week. i'm having so
much fun y'all. i'm also blaming it for my late comment responses
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! aaaaand i got nothin'
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 7
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: we could kill him
Ren: Or,
Sumire: ...yes?
Ren: well i guess we could kill him actually

Chapter 101
Chapter Summary

Names, and half-hearted bonds

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The tunnels are a fair bit easier to navigate the second time around.
Of course, the first time around, Takuto didn’t even realise there were tunnels. He still hasn’t
got a great grasp on vision, yet, but it’s improving!
His progress is also a little haphazard. It’s surprisingly hard to backtrack to minds he’s
already been to if he hits a dead end; excluding Shido’s cruiser, and he’s been avoiding
making a return trip. He doesn’t want to test the limits of that cognition’s indifference.
(That overwhelming flood of knowledgeunderstandingyouknowhowtodothis has yet to make
its return, too. Takuto is glad for its absence, though he kind of wishes he was able to do what
he did in Ooe’s palace on his own. …Though he’d like to be less destructive about it.)
The mind he’s currently picking through feels like a brick wall. Someone entrenched in the
conspiracy purely in a monetary way. Clearly important, but not remotely trustworthy enough
for Shido to tell him anything of value. A far cry from Sato’s role.
A whole conspiracy! Takuto’s still a bit caught up on that slip of information he’s come by in
his search. It’s not as surprising as it could be, but even so, just the inkling of it was only
something Takuto ever considered at his most bitter.
Focus. This one lies close to the centre.
Yes, yes, he’ll try and find something to springboard from.
Hideo Matsui’s mind is an unfortunate stream of women riches shido important valuable
riches security attack dog cleaner shido riches women necessary rewards patience tense
women shido ooe fujimoto cleaner attack dog okumura—
Okumura?
Well, he supposes Okumura would have had to have been somewhat relevant, given what
happened to him. (Another thing to retroactively attribute to Akechi, Takuto thinks) But is his
mind even accessible? He’s not dead, last Takuto remembers, so—

Stars, nebulae, and a stunning view of earth, all frozen still in greyscale.
Perhaps he jumped the gun.
The space station is silent.
Takuto hits the ground with an unceremonious oof, spilling against the floor of a giant domed
amphitheatre. Half the dome is cracked, segments breaking off into the vacuum of space.
Apparently things like air don’t matter in the cognitive world, as Takuto can breath just fine.
Or it’s a side effect of whatever happened here. Giant appendages of something look like they
had burst from the metal floor, supporting the structure and tearing it apart in one action.
He’ll take it, either way.
In the centre of the room, the only thing in colour sobs messily.
“Hello?” Takuto tries, dusting himself off, “…Okumura-san…?”
The figure looks up, and gold flashes first. Gold first, and then everything else at once; from
his fishbowl helmet to his blue skin, and knock-off sci-fi attire to boot. A red glow clings to
him, shadowy wisps coming off him like steam.
“It’s gone.” Okumura says.
“Uh.” Actually, psychotic breakdown aside, hadn’t the Phantom Thieves supposedly done
something to Okumura too? Takuto is starting to lose the thread on who did what as he learns
more.
“Are you a messenger?” The shadow begs, “It was here! It was! Tell it to give it back to
me!”
Takuto really jumped the gun. “Sure…” he starts, “Give what back…?”
“The final piece for my utopia! It was the foundation, and those rats took it!” The shadow
points up to the ceiling.
Takuto obliges, and looks. At the highest point of the dome, an indent is carved out. From it,
matter ripples and shifts and bleeds, an afterimage of black, white, and a bloody grin that
cracks and laughs.
Well. No wonder this place is a mess.
“…And you want me to talk to who about that…?”
“There was a god here.” The shadow states, “Crawling through the pipes. It fortified my
station beyond imagining, and then it left. Tell it to come back!”
A god? Takuto does remember Okumura rambling some similar nonsense when he had the
misfortune to catch his psychotic breakdown live when it happened. Figures that it would go
back to the source in his mind, even if what exactly the source means is unintelligible

There is nothing here. Leave, but lay the foundation. Once the false idol is ousted, we
may fix what was ruined.
Can he? That would be nice. Something here has thoroughly been broken.
“I’ll… do that,” Takuto says to the shadow, “I’ll be back soon?”
“Hurry. You have to hurry! It’s all wrong, wrong, you have to fix it, it’s—!”
Takuto leaves the shadow to his rambling, and tears himself back to the blood and railway
tracks.
***
There’s still no sign of Maruki, thankfully, as the thieves make their way to their next target.
They approach the twisting red and black vortex slowly, the van’s suspension struggling to
dampen the bumps of the tracks on the ground.
Skull groans, “Can’t we drive off the tracks?”
“There’s no room for that.” Queen says tightly, “This happens every time we’re down here,
why are you complaining to me?”
“Just sayin’…”
“No time for that!” Oracle declares, her screens disappearing with a blip, “Next up: Minoru
Sasaki! Sharpen your weapons, people!”
Noir was planning on it, though she can certainly do with the head start. “Are we going right
in?” She asks.
Queen stops the van right in front of the vortex, and cuts them all a look from the rearview
mirror, “Anyone need a second?”
There’s a round of negatives, and Queen nods sharply. “Alright, in we go.”
Entering the vortex is as headspinning as it ever was. The floors of these cognitive hollows
carved by shadows not quite deluded enough to sustain their own distortion aren’t as fleshy
as the rest of the railway tunnels, but they still have a steady pulse that thrums through the
whole room.
Sasaki’s shadow stands facing away from the vortex as they enter. At the sound of all the
thieves thudding against the floor as they land, his head twitches around to look at them.
“Thieves.” He comments.
“Minoru Sasaki.” Queen fires back.
“You expectin’ us or somethin’?” Skull scowls.

“Only as much as any of my peers are.” The shadow smirks.
Noir frowns, and quietly asks Oracle, “What does a shadow being this far down in Mementos
mean exactly for their demeanour?”
“Pretty sure it’s tied to how strong they are.” She whispers back.
Noir hums, “He seems…” A little too unfazed.
“Might have to prod him a bit before whatever his distortion is gets obvious.” Oracle catches
on. “I hate the subtle ones.”
Noir isn’t the biggest fan of the unsubtle ones, either, but she understands the sentiment.
“You’re involved with the investigation into the SIU director’s death, yes?” Queen asks the
shadow.
Sasaki calmly tucks his hands into his pockets, “I’m the head of it, actually.”
It’s not exact confirmation. But, two things are true: Shido would only trust a small number
of people with cleaning up his messes, and none of the other shadows they’ve encountered
have even reacted to Shido’s name.
Clearly, this man is on another rung in the conspiracy.
“So,” Haru says, “You are the man we’re looking for.”
“And what are you looking for?” Sasaki smirks, but his eye twitches.
Queen shifts into a fighting stance, her expression suddenly far more grim, “Information,
mostly. But a fight wouldn’t hurt.”
“Us, she means.” Skull sneers.
“Really now?” Sasaki slowly eyes all of them, before landing on Haru’s mask. For a moment
his face spasms, but it quickly smooths out again with that dismissive air. “Playing dress up,
I see.”
Panther tightens her whip between her hands sharply, “Wanna bet on that?”
“Were you looking for something?” Noir asks, tilting her head.
“Like what?” The shadow taunts.
“How about you just answer our questions.” Mona interrupts, unsheathing his cutlass, “You
work for Shido, don’t you?”
Sasaki’s face freezes. “How do you know that.”
Noir raises an eyebrow.

“How do you know that?”
“That hardly seems relevant.” Fox hums.
“What?” Oracle says, “Scared all your work buddies will find out you all have the same
boss?”
“None of them know who we work for.” Sasaki snarls, “Only I—” he cuts himself off.
“Only you, what?” Queen pushes, stalking closer, “You’re rather high up in the ranks then,
yes?”
“I will be.” The shadow snaps, unthinkingly, “That little fucker told you, didn’t he? If I can
just fix this shitshow up, then it’ll be fine, he’ll trust me again, he’ll—”
“It wasn’t a good look for you when he vanished from his cell, was it?” Haru muses.
“I should have just killed that stupid fucking brat when I had the chance. Why leave it to that
Cleaner asshole? I can handle a teenager. It’s not like evidence is a problem. Not like anyone
would care, and blood’s easy to cover up. I can wash my goddamn shirt—”
Haru draws her axe, hefts it up, and slams it down into the ground so hard that it cracks.
Blood and pus bursts in little rivers from the wound. Sasaki shuts up.
“Are you going to answer our questions, or are we going to have to beat them out of you?”
Haru asks.
The shadow gives her an appraising look.
“I ask because it could save us some time.” She adds.
“You’re not the one.” Sasaki says.
“What do you mean?” Queen demands.
“The Black Mask.” The shadow says, “You do both talk a big game. I almost thought you
were him for a moment.”
“You know him?” Oracle prods, eyes flitting to the rest of them cautiously.
“He’s stopped by.” Sasaki hums, “It’s the brat, isn’t it? The boss had fun being coy about it,
but it got real obvious when I got promoted and Shido wanted the kid dead.”
Noir appreciates how chatty shadows get when they calm down. It’s too bad she doesn’t get
to crack his skull against the wall, though.
“Slippery little fuck with defective loyalties, you know how it is.” Sasaki grins, “’Course,
then I had him by the scruff of his neck, and the big bad assassin wasn’t so tough anymore,
now was he?”

Haru drags her axe from the ground, sparks spitting from the blade. Perhaps she will crack his
skull, after all—
Makoto snaps a hand around her wrist.
“What?” Haru hisses.
“He’s talking.” Makoto hisses back under her breath, “Let’s not start a fight until he forces
us.”
“My hand feel awfully forced.” Haru grits her teeth, “If you let shadows start taunting you,
you’ll get nowhere without some fire power.”
“I know how shadows work, I’m not an idiot.”
“But you screwed that up, right?” Panther loudly says to the shadow over their whispered
argument, “So now you’re trying to get back on Shido’s good side.”
“Is that what your work regarding the SIU director’s death entails?” Fox adds.
The shadow sneers, “It’s easy work. Easier if the director was still here, but the good news is
someone’s gotta sit on the chair he just got knocked off of. Even easier if the Cleaner actually
knew how to clean.”
“What, he’s bad at killin’?” Skull frowns.
“He’s excellent at it.” Sasaki’s lip curls bitterly. “He enjoys leaving a mess about it.”
Queen takes a breath, regaining some of her composure. Haru is still seething. “So you’ve
met him?” Queen asks, “And he’s the type to not care about the aftermath when his job is
done?”
Noir presses her lips together, her attention drifting from the interrogation as she knows she
can’t contribute anything remotely meaningful in this state. Her eyes land on Oracle, a frown
on her face as she looks at her vivid green displays.
Noir tenses. She remembers how this goes.
“Once.” The shadow admits distantly, “But no. This was spiteful. The boss wouldn’t hire him
if—”
“Guys.” Oracle interrupts,
Noir ducks and cleaves a wire off at its base the moment it erupts from the ground.
Quick, but not enough, as ten, twenty, thirty more burst forward. They drill through the air,
ripping Sasaki’s shadow off the ground as he shrieks, skin bubbling in a failed attempt to
transform, suspending him in the air.
“We need to go!” Mona shouts,

“Oh!”
All the thieves, halfway to the exit, freeze.
Takuto Maruki observes his own hands with a mildly baffled wonder. “I must be getting
better at this?”
Haru remembers to click her jaw shut. Ryuji doesn’t, as he turns to have a rushed and silent
conversation with Ann via violent hand gestures.
Makoto coughs.
Maruki looks up, and blinks. His jaw falls open, too.
Skull and Panther’s conversation ends with several elbows to the ribs, with Skull as the main
recipient. He rolls his eyes, and turns to Maruki, stiffly raising a hand. “Hey, doc.”
“Hello!” Maruki calls back, voice a bit too loud as he adjusts to— what? Being corporeal,
Noir can only assume? “Um, sorry, I didn’t expect there to be…?”
“Other people?” Queen offers drily.
“So you are people?” Maruki asks, not as nonsensically as Noir suddenly wishes that
statement was. “Sorry if that’s rude— oh, the Phantom Thieves!”
“That jig was up quickly.” Mona grimaces.
***
Takuto can admit he didn’t expect this, even if he probably should have.
“But not all of you…?” He muses, mostly to himself.
The thieves’ outfits are strange, and for the life of him he can’t quite see their faces beneath
their masks. To his eyes, they’re more like walking theatre costumes with a set of shocked
expressions with no face attached.
But, he can spot—
Blonde.
That can only be Sakamoto and Takamaki.
Fog fog fog fog
He can’t pin any of the others—
Cat?
That one he can see just fine. He can’t make any sense of it, though.

No red. No black.
Yoshizawa and Amamiya are distinctly absent.
…Apparently he’s only allowed to recognise the thieves he already knows the identities of?
Inconvenient, but certainly curious.
The fog around Sakamoto and Takamaki’s features fades a bit further, their dumbfounded
stares a bit crisper. Takuto is pretty sure his expression wouldn’t be much different should he
be able to see himself.
“Doctor Maruki.” One of the girls with fog says, alarmingly with an axe in hand. “What a
coincidence.”
She doesn’t sound like she actually thinks it’s much of a coincidence. Which would make
sense, if Yoshizawa told them she had asked for his help. Perhaps they’re on the trail of the
same thing, then?
“Um, yes, hello,” He says, “It’s… nice to see you all?”
Surely an hour or two conversing with only shadows and cognitions has not completely
eroded his ability to converse with normal people. Akechi’s cognition was about as close to a
person as a cognitive being can get, Takuto assumes.
Then again, he also acted like that, so,
“…Hi!” Takamaki says, sounding deeply unenthused. “So…”
“So…?” Takuto prompts.
“Are you going to put him down?” The fog-faced boy with a katana at his hip asks.
Takuto jolts, and looks up to see the shadow he was aiming for struggling against wires and
cables that have strung him up in midair.
…Is that what he’s been doing each time he manages to leap into a mind without messing
around with their shadow or distorted perspective of reality? It’s a bit more violent than he
was envisioning.
“Unhand me.” The shadow (Minoru Sasaki, the wires echo) growls.
“Actually, maybe you shouldn’t.” Says the foggy girl with… a biker gang outfit? “He’ll
probably try to fight us the second he’s able.”
“True.” Axe says.
“Maybe we can just… interrogate him like this?” A fog girl with goggles cuts in. "I mean,
he’s pretty defeated right now.”
“Put me down!”

“I suppose the only question that remains is if he considers himself as such.” Katana tilts his
head.
“He’ll get the message.” Sakamoto folds his arms. …Is that a metal pipe—?
“He was in he middle of saying something.” The cat says.
Goggles snorts, “Let’s just hope he’s more willing to talk after we’ve interrupted him.”
“Um,” Takuto figures now is a good time to interrupt, “What were you asking him?”
The thieves all exchange a look, like they forgot he was there.
“We are after the same thing.” Axe points out, like being cagey with Takuto is a Phantom
Thief staple.
Biker sighs, and tells him, “We got as far as finding out he’s met the Cleaner once before.”
“Oh!” Takuto exclaims, “If there’s a memory I might be able to work with that.”
Maybe. On second thought, he isn’t sure he was entirely in control of himself when he
managed it the first time?
Recall the motion.
He could… try?
“You don’t seem super confident.” The cat says suspiciously.
“Well it’s not a sure thing.” Takuto admits.
“We could also just ask him about it.” Takamaki adds.
“It’s highly unlikely Sasaki ever came across the Cleaner’s name to begin with.” Katana
hums, “Combing through a memory would be unhelpful.”
“We’re looking for clues, not a name outright.” Biker says, “Not that a name would be
unwanted.”
“You’re looking for a name?” Takuto asks.
Takamaki blinks, “Uh, yeah, what are you looking for?”
He did get a little lost in the weeds, he supposes. “I’m not sure if I need one? Or, that is,” he
adds when the thieves’ expressions shift from disbelieving to baffled, “The name is nice, but
I can get it from the Cleaner’s own mind if I can get there?”
Goggles starts furiously typing something on glowing screens that appear in front of her.
“…We’ll take your word for it.” The cat decides.

“Are you done?” Sasaki snarls.
“Yes, actually.” Biker cracks her knuckles, and looks up at the shadow, “Tell us about your
meeting with the Cleaner.”
“And why should I?”
Axe starts inspecting her namesake with marked interest.
Takuto can feel Sasaki tense against the wires. “You don’t scare me.”
Lie
Hm.
“Not so tough anymore?” Axe asks mildly.
Just like him just like him little brat must be rubbing off on his new friends where is he need
him dead
The cables pulse.
Not quite a whirlpool, but the information flows all the same.
Well, Takuto won’t say no to the convenience.
“When did you meet him?” Biker demands.
The shadow grits his teeth. “Before he was supposed to deal with the brat.”
Couldn’t even kill one teenager what a waste what a stupid slip up where the hell did he go
Shido needs better subordinates why won’t he trust me
“And? What was he like?” Sakamoto asks.
“Hard to say.”
He hated the kid too seems like he was sick of Akechi taking all his jobs from the boss a bit
too chipper a bit too laid back handshake was too firm
Biker scoffs, “You’ve got to give us more than that—”
“Akechi-kun is alive?!” Takuto blurts.
Everyone, including Sasaki, turns to stare at him.
“…Did you think we killed him?” Takamaki asks, sounding insulted.
“Wh— no!” Takuto quickly protests. “But he was still missing, so…” not to mention the
cascade of alarming implications via his cognition.

Then again, that cognition has a tendency to mess with him. He should have known not to
take what he said at face value.
There’s a pause as no one elaborates.
“…Can we tell him what’s up?” Goggles asks.
“No.” Axe vetoes.
“Well yeah, not everything, but this stuff was on the news, so.”
Knew that saying we’d caught the leader was a bad idea saying he escaped was even worse
word would leak eventually Shido’s using it to his advantage but he’s acting like it’s my fault
shouldn’t have wasted time fucking around shouldn’t have let Niijima in there
“…It was Akechi-kun they arrested?” Takuto guesses.
“Or we don’t have to say anything.” Goggles blows a raspberry, “That’s fine too.”
Once again, the new piece of information does nothing to settle the sequence of events in
Takuto’s head. There really ought to be a point where he just accepts that none of this is
going to make sense.
“That’s good, though!” He says, “Well— not that Akechi-kun got arrested,” but if he’s an
assassin…? It’s not like that was what they actually arrested him for though— Takuto is
going to stop thinking about this. “But it’s good he’s alive! I know he and Amamiya-kun are
friends, so…”
The thieves all look a shade more uncomfortable at that comment. Takuto can never tell
where he stands with teenagers.
Biker looks very tired as she turns back to Sasaki, still giving a token effort to struggle
against the wires, “Care to elaborate on your impression of the Cleaner?”
Looked at me like I was the dirt on his shoe I thought we weren’t so different he thinks he’s
above it all asshole prick bastard too proud of himself when all he had to do was shoot a
drugged up teenager in the face
Sasaki smirks, but the expression falls flat. “I’ll bet I liked him a whole lot more than you.”
“Yeah, I bet.” Takamaki mutters.
“Tell me,” Takuto says, and the wires pulse, “What did you think he was there for?”
“And who the hell are you?”
He’s there because he’s paid to be there nothing more nothing less his whole business is
borderline a scam can’t even make the cleanup easy
“But was it just money?” Takuto pushes, “What did you make of him, truly?”

The shadow looks unsettled, as do the thieves in the corner of his eye. “What the hell are you
talking about?”
He’s there because he wants to be does he get off on it or something I don’t know I don’t know
I could go my whole life without ever seeing him again and I’d be happy
“You think he enjoys it?”
I don’t know I don’t know I don’t know I don’t
The end of the line.
Yes, it appears so.
Takuto pulls his consciousness away from Sasaki’s mind.
What does he have to work with?
He likes tea, he’s strangely and overly friendly, he only exists as an arm of his work, he
works alone, the goons are either bluster or a statement, he’s never desperate for work but
goodness does he get bored, he appears like he’s above it all, he enjoys what he does,
That might be enough.
“Doc…?” Sakamoto cautions.
“Hm?” Takuto doesn’t feel entirely present, anymore.
It smells like salt and blood, again.
“I thought I was rid of you.”
“Not quite.” He says.
“Uh?” Goggles says.
The wires (roots) don’t retreat, but they do dull. Sasaki’s shadow is dropped unceremoniously
to the floor, twitching as he bursts into black sludge, oil slick. Distantly, he hears the thieves
cry out in alarm.
(Elsewhere, a white void rumbles.
“What on earth are you doing?” Akechi demands of the shadow, who presently is still
busying himself with hammering out the cancerous growths of railway blooming in his mind.
“Trying to fix that.” The shadow mutters. He looks up, “I think it’s okay?”
“You think?” Ren asks dubiously.
The void rumbles again.

Sumire frowns. Akechi smells salt.
The shadow hums, “This could be good, even.”
Akechi disagrees. He smells blood.)
Takuto smells the ocean.
He can see,
He can,
He’s not ankle deep in blood anymore.
You cannot put roots here.
Where is here, by this point?
Nonetheless, he finds he can return rather easily.
“You seem in a chipper mood.” The cognition says with disdain.
The cognition…?
Oh.
Oh?
Takuto blinks at the sight of the eternal sunset in Shido’s head. He blinks again at the
sneering face of Akechi’s cognition.
He hopes he didn’t startle the thieves by leaving so quickly.
You have all you need.
Right, he does!
Akechi’s sneer gets sharper.
“Sorry!” Takuto says quickly, “I’ll be out of your hair!”
(Elsewhere, the Tower thrums with irritation in Akechi’s chest.
Sumire lightly bumps his shoulder. “Are you okay?”
Akechi flinches away. “It’s nothing.”
Steel and salt water and sunset tumbles into the void. The shadow clicks his tongue.)
“You’ve found him, then?” The cognition tilts his head.

“Not quite…” Even without reaching for the whirlpool, Takuto can hear an echo of Shido’s
surface thoughts sounding against the steel.
“You don’t seem particularly attentive.”
You’ve a job to do. Spare no attention for buzzing flies.
It seems a tad rude.
But, Takuto supposes he isn’t truly real, at the end of the day.
“I’ll be seeing you.” Real or not, he can spare a goodbye.
“For both our sakes, I hope you don’t.” Akechi says, an odd expression spreading across his
face.
There’s that too.
Now he just needs to reach out, and—
No roots. The immutable truth reminds him.
Right, right,
His mind really does feel all over the place.
He repeats the motions, (quickly, quickly, he can feel a tether back to himself, still sitting at
his desk) stands on the railing, and tips backward,
Hits webbing,
Barrier barrier barrier akechi research headache sato thieves ooe TV isshiki sakura thieves
research barrier barrier odaiba diet building ooe kasukabe akechi psychotic breakdown
okumura headache isshiki akechi cleaner
He snatches the thought from space—
***
Akechi really does hate it here. He admittedly always has, but the sudden lack of adherence
to the rules that the Metaverse consistently defines he dislikes even more.
It doesn’t help that the structural integrity of the white void that’s bled into Maruki’s mind
seems to be failing.
“Are you sure something isn’t wrong?” Ren asks, squinting at the acres of nothing.
“Pretty sure!” The shadow chirps back.
Akechi scoffs.

Sumire leans in to whisper, “Do you think him travelling through Shido’s palace will be a
problem for us?”
“For his sake, it had better not be.” Akechi mutters.
Sumire giggles. Akechi forcibly scowls.
“I hope so, too!” The shadow interjects, “My counterpart didn’t enter the normal way, so
maybe it’s okay? I really only want to help you all.”
Akechi’s hand itches for his gun.
“And if we don’t want it?” Ren asks.
“But you asked.”
“Beyond what we asked.”
“I understand you might be less willing to accept my reality when the time comes, given that
Akechi-kun is alive and well,” The shadow says, and oh Akechi despises this, “But tragedy
can strike at any time. At the end of it all, don’t you want the people you love to be safe and
happy?”
Ren’s lips twitch into a sneer, but he doesn’t respond.
“We’ve found our resolve.” Sumire argues quietly.
“Maybe so.” Maruki agrees easily, “But you’re young. Life doesn’t like to make things easy.”
“Really?” Akechi spits, “I didn’t notice.”
“I don’t want this to be a decision you’ll regret when you’re older.” The shadow insists,
suddenly looking serious, “One day, there may be something you truly can’t overcome. And
you’ll wish and wish, and nothing will change.”
“But they did.” Sumire says, “Things did change. Not back to how it was, but I’m different,
and not in the way you forced me to be.”
“But it’s still not the same, is it? You’ve still lost something you can never get back.” Maruki
says. “…It’s true you are different, though.”
“Just because you crumbled doesn’t mean the rest of us are so pathetic.” Akechi says. Ren
and Sumire wince.
“You call throwing your life away ‘not crumbling’?” Maruki asks with a kind smile.
“I wasn’t begging for a hack to save me, so yes.” Akechi snaps.
“Isn’t it a bit early for this conversation?” Ren cuts in, “Last I checked you don’t have the
power to put your money where your mouth is, anyway.”

“And I think we’ve made ourselves clear many times.” Sumire adds quietly.
The shadow sighs, and turns back to his work of excising the intrusions, “We can table it, I
suppose.”
Or pitch the entire topic in the sea still making unwelcome residence in the void.
(Elsewhere, Takuto hits a wall.
It’s not unlike when he couldn’t breach the veil of Shido’s mind. The walls there are high,
and he didn’t know what he was looking for. No ticket, so to speak.
Here,
Here,
Who are you looking for?
The Cleaner.
No such person exists.
He does, though it isn’t his name.
Really?
Then tell me about him.
Well,
He’s,
He likes tea, he’s too friendly, he works hard and he works alone, the extra muscle is a
statement but no true aid to him, he’s easily bored, he appears like he’s above it all, he enjoys
what he does,
And what does he do?
He kills people.
Ah,
I see,
I believe I may know who it is you’re looking for.
Takuto doesn’t get past the wall. He can’t see what’s beyond. But,
A name is whispered in his ear,
Tsutomu Shiraishi

And he’s ripped back to his body, face stuck to his desk.
Takuto stares for a moment, before lunging for his phone.)
Maruki’s shadow pauses, and looks up.
The rumbling stops.
Akechi narrows his eyes sharply, “What’s happened?”
“Ah!” The shadow exclaims, looking cheerful, “I think I’ve found what you’re looking for?”
“Really?” Sumire blurts.
“Yes!” The shadow dusts off his hands, “I believe my counterpart is in the middle of sending
you a message in reality.”
“Can’t you just tell us now?” Ren frowns.
“Of course.” Maruki smiles, “Shido’s Cleaner is Tsutomu Shiraishi.”
Akechi quickly commits the name to memory.
“Huh.” Ren says. “Well.”
There’s an uncomfortable pause.
“Thank you?” Sumire offers, with the air of someone not sure if this is their cue to leave.
“You’re very welcome.” Maruki says, with the air of someone who doesn’t mind either way.
Akechi doesn’t care for manners, and certainly not for the sake of a shadow. But the name
isn’t exactly what they came here for.
He still doesn’t know how much danger they’re in. Now that Maruki —the real one— has
been introduced to the concept of hopping between cognitions, who’s to say he won’t dabble
even now that he’s completed his task?
Will you stand sentinel? Robin asks.
IF THE DOCTOR WANTS TO DO AS HE WILL, THEN LET HIM! Loki cackles, YOU
WERE NEVER GOING TO LEAVE HIM UNBEATEN. LET HIM GIVE YOU A
REASON TO HIT HARDER.
Unhelpful as ever. Akechi doesn’t want to know what will happen if they have to deal with
Maruki and Shido at the same time, let alone Yaldabaoth. What exactly will happen once
Maruki’s paradise is dispelled is something none of them ever got to find out.
DO YOU WISH TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO FUTILE ENDEAVOURS? Loki
mocks.

Keeping an eye on Maruki is hardly futile. If their presence kept the shadow from interacting
with his counterpart so directly, then they’ve achieved something.
But they can’t stay here until January.
You’ve still learned something with regard to the mechanics. Robin says, though he
doesn’t seem particularly enthused with the lack of resolution.
They’ve learned nothing but exactly how slim the beam they walk upon is. Even if they were
to keep a watchful eye, would they be able to do anything at all in response, short of clearing
the entire palace?
Akechi bites down on his lip.
He feels another wave of bitterness towards Sumire at being caught in this situation. Her
prompting was what caused Maruki to learn so much in quick succession, after all. He feels
yet another, stronger, wave of bitterness at the fact that her gambit worked.
The block they were facing has been shattered. Dodging the shrapnel is another matter.
Akechi grits his teeth, and sharply tugs at Ren’s sleeve. “Let’s just go.” He growls.
Ren tilts his head, “Are you sure?”
“There’s nothing else we can do.” He has to drag the admission from his mouth with force,
“Maruki should be leaving the Metaverse soon anyway, now that he’s found what we asked
him too, if he hasn’t already.”
“Hopefully he doesn’t get too curious.” Ren mutters.
“You think I haven’t already thought of that?” Akechi snaps.
“Are we going?” Sumire asks, leaning in to join their hushed discussion.
Ren shrugs, “Unless you can think of anything else to do.”
Sumire casts a pointed look around the white void, no longer being filled with artefacts from
other palaces and Mementos.
“We could go back to the door hallway.” She offers.
“No.” Akechi says, “We’ll find nothing, and we all know it.”
“Yeah.” She sighs, “I know.”
“Out it is, then.” Ren says, looking relieved to escape. He tosses a wave in Maruki’s
direction. “See you round, doc.”
Maruki waves back, “Leaving already, then? Goodbye!”

Akechi takes care to keep all his choice words trapped behind his teeth. He turns from the
shadow sharply, marching to the door they entered from in the distance, leaving Ren and
Sumire to catch up.
***
The twins look antsy, as Akechi passes them in the palace entrance.
Ren casts a raised eyebrow in the opposite direction. The twins (rather, just Caroline) glare
pointedly from the courtroom doors.
Akechi rolls his eyes, and says, “I’ll be a moment,” to Ren and Sumire.
Ren just shrugs, while Sumire blinks, “Huh?”
“Velvet Room.” Is the start of Ren’s explanation as Akechi stalks off.
“What is it this time?” He says without preamble.
“It’s polite to greet someone when starting a conversation.” Justine says. “Or so I’ve heard.”
“You heard wrong.”
“All we’ve done for you, defendant, and this is the thanks we get?!” Caroline snaps, cracking
her baton against the ground.
Akechi rolls his eyes. “Yes, and your advice was so helpful it got me thrown into a room to
be killed.”
“You look alive to me.” Caroline sniffs.
“Last we spoke, we warned you of the state of the Metaverse at that time, as is the extent of
our abilities.” Justine says, “Today we must ask for clarification on your end, however.”
“Was something wrong?” Akechi asks. More wrong that the obvious.
Caroline throws up her hands, “Something kept trying to get in!”
“If the Metaverse was not meant to be entered, it would not exist.” Justine flips through her
clipboard absently, “But that is no excuse to use the window when there is a door.”
Trust Maruki to be a nuisance no matter what he does. Akechi casts a hand to the palace
before them, “Your perpetrator lies in there, if you’d care to deal with him.”
The twins both turn to look at the twisting metal spire.
“We have our culprit.” Justine declares.
“JERK!” Caroline shouts at the tower. From across the plaza, Ren jumps.
“Let me guess.” Akechi says drily, “You’re going to do nothing about this discovery.”

“There’s nothing we can do.” Justine says, “Unless this man decides to interfere directly with
the Velvet Room, our master, or reality itself, his antics lie outside our jurisdiction.”
Well, he’s certainly going to be doing one of those things in the near future. With any luck, if
Maruki continues digging through Mementos, he’ll reach too deep and run afoul of the god of
control before he can become a problem for anyone else.
Though, “If you were concerned enough to ask, does that not qualify as interfering with
reality?”
“Not exactly.” Caroline says sourly.
“As we’ve already told the inmate, the fabric of the cognitive world is somewhat stretched
thin at the moment.” Justine frowns, “As it is, the only cognitive space truly under strain is
the one we’re currently standing in.”
“Any chance it’ll collapse and kill the shadow inside?” Akechi asks.
“Nope.” Caroline dashes those hopes.
Akechi scoffs, “Of course not.” He folds his arms, “Well, you have your answers.”
“One moment.” Justine says.
“We’re not done with you just yet, defendant.” Caroline sneers.
Akechi raises his eyebrows. “Oh?”
Justine flips through her clipboard again, this time sending a series of cards flying from the
pages.
“You really enjoy putting strain on your bonds, huh?” Caroline says by way of explanation.
“What?” Akechi wrinkles his nose.
Several of the cards suddenly spark, the Magician, Justice, High Priestess, and Death glowing
brightest. Tower and Devil flicker and sputter, the Tower humming a tone as it does. Akechi
narrows his eyes.
“What are you implying?” He demands. It’s been a while since he’s been hounded for this.
“Exactly what it sounds like.” Justine tells him coolly. “Several of these bonds have reached
their truest potential. And yet, you find new ways to undermine them.”
“I can’t control how they feel about me.” Akechi sneers, “I’m afraid you’ll have to remain
disappointed.”
Caroline stomps her foot, “You’re the one putting strain on them, defendant! Those strings
can only take so much stress!”

The Justice sings a sardonic tone. Akechi shoves it back into the bundle of wires where it
belongs. “Have you considered that it’s not always my fault?”
“Bonds serve different purposes when they are formed.” Justine explains, “Their end point is
not always predetermined, but it is often predicted. So long as you remain entwined, the bond
will progress.”
“You barely have to try at all!” Caroline huffs, “And you’re still messing it up!”
Akechi grinds his jaw together, “I am trying.” If he wasn’t trying, he’d already be dead.
“You’re rather selective with your efforts.” Justine sniffs.
“What would you know?”
“We aren’t omniscient.” Justine admits, “But we do have a rather firm grasp on the state of
your bonds.”
“Some of them are knitted real tight.” Caroline says, “But you still keep trying to fray them!
They’d all be toast if some of them weren’t as persistent as they are!”
The Magician, Justice, and Devil chime with affection, desperation, and a threat respectively.
Akechi’s lip curls.
He isn’t completely unaware. He knows he presents himself as a generally unpleasant person.
He has to, because the pleasantries don’t work anymore. But he hardly makes it a secret.
Anyone striving to take his time can’t complain with what they get.
“So, what,” Akechi drawls, “You want me to play nice? I’m afraid I’ll have to decline.”
The High Priestess, Hermit, and Chariot ring with frustration.
Justine shrugs, “We cannot control what you do.”
“It would make things easier.” Caroline mutters.
“But your bonds would not have reached this point of growth if they all found you entirely
detestable.” Justine admits, clearly with some difficulty, “So either you surround yourself
with saints, or your demeanour is not entirely off-putting.”
The Sun and Strength take their turn to hum in agreement. The Tower hums with—
something. Akechi is beginning to grow tired of this non-verbal communication.
“Or maybe they just want to see how you crash and burn.” Caroline says.
“Perhaps.” Justine agrees unhelpfully. “But the question remains, why squander this?”
“Make up your mind for whether I’m doing anything wrong.” Akechi snaps.

“Oh, you’re doing something wrong.” Caroline assures him, “If it’s not your winning
personality that’s trying to shred your bonds, then it’s clearly you.”
“I haven’t done anything different than usual.”
“The pressure on your bond with the inmate has lifted somewhat, recently.” Justine
comments, “Though we raise these concerns because several of your other bonds have come
under stress.”
Akechi didn’t sign up for a fucking therapy session. Especially not given where they are.
“The High Priestess, Death, and most concerningly, the Magician have begun to fray more
than is your normal of late.” Justine continues in spite of Akechi’s glare, “Many others don’t
fare much better. Why?”
Why?
Makoto has always hated him. Futaba has a good reason to hate him. And Sumire,
She doesn’t hate him. He’s reasonably certain of that. No, she probably qualifies as one of the
saints Justine alluded to.
He spots red and black in the corner of his eye, and digs his gauntlets into his palms.
“It’s about trust.” He eventually says.
“Trust?” Caroline narrows her eye.
“Yes.” Akechi folds his arms, “It’s not like I choose when to form a bond. Magic bullshit
shouldn’t dictate that I can’t react in a way that’s reasonable when someone betrays it.”
The twins shoot a glance at the foremost offending arcanae that are chatting idly to pass the
time across the plaza.
“That’s…” Justine trails off.
“Stupid!” Caroline answers for her.
Akechi sneers. “Excuse me?”
“We don’t know what the Justice and Magician did to offend you.” Justine says, as careful as
her tone gets, “But it clearly wasn’t so terrible that you’ve discarded them entirely.” Given
they’re standing right there, is what goes unsaid.
“They have their uses.” Akechi sniffs.
“So what’s with the half-assing!” Caroline snaps, “Either you want them gone, or you don’t!”
Akechi blinks, “Well—”

“Bonds can be snapped rather easily, contrary to what we have told you.” Justine hums, “The
reason they do not is because humans are rather resistant to such things on principle.”
“And clearly that includes you!” Caroline glares.
“The Magician and Justice are not the ones applying active pressure to the threads between
you.” Justine adds pointedly.
“Sometimes people are hard to shake.” Akechi grits.
“Oh, we know.” Caroline snorts. “But you still aren’t trying very hard.”
Well that’s because—
What the hell do they know?
“The High Priestess, Death, and a smattering of your other bonds are suffering the inverse.”
Justine says, “Are you implying you broke their trust?”
“It’s a habit of mine.” Akechi snaps.
“So do you want them gone, too?” Caroline taps the ground with her baton impatiently,
“Seriously, make up your mind!”
“You make up your mind.” Akechi tosses back, realising it’s an infuriatingly childish
response a beat too late.
“We have no bearing on this.” Justine scowls, “If you wished, you could cast off them all off
as our master initially intended. Perhaps you’d be let back inside the Velvet Room if you
did.”
“Please, I’d love to.” Akechi spits. “My life would be far easier if I did.” He’d be dead. “I
wouldn’t have to put up with all this for something I barely care about.”
The arcanae still floating about pointedly do not shatter. The twins both raise matching
eyebrows.
“I am trying.” Akechi eventually says, sounding far too desperate.
“Well try harder!” Caroline demands.
“How?” Akechi doesn’t want their advice. He doesn’t like how his voice breaks. He
shouldn’t have entertained this.
“We aren’t omniscient.” Justine reminds him, “The state of your bonds beyond the abstract is
unknown to us.”
“What good are you, then?” Akechi sneers.
Caroline rolls her eye as the Temperance sparks, “This again? Break it or don’t!”

“If you expect the other party to make the choice for you as to the state of your relationship,
you will likely find yourself disappointed no matter the outcome.” Justine comments.
Akechi, for a moment, considers stalking away from the Velvet Door and never returning. He
considers marching into Shido’s head and putting a bullet in the shadow’s skull, and then
turning around and doing the same to Maruki.
And then—
Well, there isn’t an ‘and then’, is there?
Akechi stays right where he is, glaring down at the twins.
Instead of shattering, the Temperance grows to rank eight.
Caroline looks insufferably smug, and just the slightest bit relieved. “That’s still half-assed, if
you ask me.”
“But good enough of an answer, for now.” Justine raps her fingers against her clipboard with
finality. “I hope you will consider what we’ve said, defendant.”
“I’ll consider it.” Akechi forces past his teeth.
Justine nods. “Good.” She looks past him. “The Justice and Magician look impatient.”
Akechi turns, and catches Ren’s eye. Sure enough, he does look rather bored. Sumire, though
unable to perceive the Velvet Room enough to quite spot him, looks similarly aimless.
Ren cocks his head, raising an eyebrow in something that might be concern. Akechi looks
away.
“Have fun standing around.” He says to the twins.
Justine looks unimpressed. Caroline sticks out her tongue, “Trying to undermine your
minimal effort already, defendant?”
Akechi doesn’t dignify that with a response, and instead marches back towards the others.
“Anything interesting happen?” Ren asks, as Sumire blinks, and offers a wave.
“Nothing.” Akechi brushes past him. He pauses, and turns back around, “You weren’t
listening, were you?”
Ren raises his hands in surrender, “Nope.”
“I wasn’t either.” Sumire says, then turns a bit pink, “Um, not that I could.”
“Whatever.” Akechi interrupts. “Let’s just go.”
Finally, they leave, the gaze of the cameras nestled within the tangled steel trailing along their
backs.

***
(A bit bloodied and bruised, the thieves in Mementos stumble back to the real world.
“I’m gonna kill that guy.” Futaba declares.
“Who?” Ann whines, “Maruki or Sasaki?”
“Maruki, but I guess we could go back to finish the job.”
“Save it for January.” Makoto says wearily, already in the midst of summarising their
misadventures in a text to Ren.)

Chapter End Notes

hiya! i'm still silksonging, in case you were curious. i've gotten all the (major) endings,
but i'm still inching towards 100% completion lmao
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! ah, here's something!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___

Akechi: I fucking hate people
Twins: ? then why are you still talking to them
Akechi: I hate people so much, if they don't like me it's their problem
Twins: Pretty sure you're making it your own problem, somehow

Chapter 102
Chapter Summary

one last little jump, and some turning cogs

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After the absolute clusterfuck that was yesterday, Ren can barely find it within himself to be
alarmed that it’s already December.
Immediately after having left the Metaverse, Ren had seen Sumire jump as her phone buzzed,
a frantic text containing a name they’d already been told displaying on the screen.
“Well.” Ren had said, “At least he thought he still had to tell us.”
Goro snorted, a convoluted explanation for why they could still be fucked likely on the tip of
his tongue, and that had been the end of that.
Now, the next day, an exhausting and increasingly stressful few hours of school behind them,
the thieves all gather at Ann’s to finally move past the wall that’s been blocking them for far
too long. Piled over the couches and floor, they all huddle towards Ren.
“Tsutomu Shiraishi” Ren says into his phone.
Candidate Found.
“Good to know we’ve got the right guy.” Ryuji says drily. “’Specially after the doc left us to
fight Sasaki’s shadow on our own.”
“That was rather rude of him.” Yusuke sniffs.
“…It’s not necessarily him.” Makoto counters with some hesitance, “Just because this person
has a palace doesn’t mean it’s the man we’re looking for.”
“Then again, what the hell are the chances?” Futaba points out, which puts a neat end to that
potential discussion.
No further discussion presents itself as the thieves all send a variety of looks towards Ren’s
phone where he’s placed it on Ann’s coffee table.
“So…” Ann crosses her legs and leans back on the couch, “Keywords?”
“We don’t know much about the guy.” Morgana says.

“We didn’t know much about Ooe, but we still managed to find his keywords.” Haru says.
Sumire frowns, “But Ooe was a public figure, at least. This guy…”
Was a nightmare to even find.
Ren holds back a groan. It would have been nice if Maruki had a psychological profile ready
for them alongside a name.
“I’ve met him.” Goro says, “That should do us some good.”
“Any ideas, then?” Morgana asks suspiciously.
Goro presses his lips together.
“Perhaps I can point us in the right direction when we get going.” He amends.
“I think the Nav will be doing most of that for us.” Futaba mutters, “What with the candidate
not found and all.”
“Maybe we should start with the easy part first.” Ren suggests.
“The location?” Yusuke tilts his head.
Everyone looks back towards the phone.
…Oh, for fucks sake—
“Uh.” Morgana pipes up, “We kinda don’t know where he’d be, either.”
“I noticed.” Ren says through his teeth.
“The world.” Sumire directs at the phone.
Candidate not found.
“…We can narrow it down.” She says, a bit sheepish as everyone gives her a funny look.
“Shibuya.” Ryuji throws his own plate of spaghetti at the wall.
Candidate not found.
“Worked for Kaneshiro…” He mutters.
“Shiraishi may not be based in Shibuya.” Haru point out.
“Tokyo?” Futaba tries.
Candidate not found.
“Shinjuku.” Goro says.

Candidate not found.
“Akihabara?” Makoto takes her shot.
Candidate not found.
“Okay.” Ren puts a stop to that before they start trying to read every name off a map. “Maybe
we can circle back to location.”
“Wasn’t location supposed to be the easy part?” Morgana yowls.
“I spoke too soon.”
“The distortion…” Makoto murmurs. She turns to Goro, “Anything at all?”
“I already said I’ve got nothing.” He snaps.
Makoto rolls his eyes, “Well what is he like, then?”
Goro tilts his head.
“Unpleasant, in the sense that he’s unsettling.” He starts. “I don’t think he likes me much,
though that can be said for all of Shido’s associates.”
“You don’t think so?” Haru clarifies with a frown.
“That’s the thing.” Goro sneers down at his nails, “The bastard’s friendly, so it’s hard to tell.
But he was a little too condescending about it, and no one in his line of work is ever sincere.”
“You’d know, wouldn’t you?” Makoto says under her breath. Goro shoots her a dirty look.
“Maybe he was upset that you kinda replaced him?” Ann ponders, “I mean, that is what
happened, right?”
“Mostly.” Goro nods, “Why hire him when Shido had me at his disposal? I worked for
peanuts in comparison, not to mention that I couldn’t be traced.”
“Unless you’re us.” Ren adds.
“Unless you’re a fool.” Is Goro’s only comeback, which also works.
“Anyway,” Morgana interjects pointedly, “So, we know he’s friendly in a fake way.”
“Sounds like how you used to be.” Ryuji snickers at Goro. He receives the second dirty look
of the day.
“Perhaps Shiraishi’s palace will have something to do with facades, then?” Yusuke suggests.
“Or perhaps a situation where one must act companionable when they don’t wish to.”
“Couldn’t that be anywhere, though?” Haru says.

“Let’s just start specific.” Futaba says. “Like, really specific. Palaces usually are. And weird.
I think Inari might be on to something.”
“Hall of mirrors…?” Makoto suggests unenthusiastically.
Candidate not found.
“Okay.” Futaba says. “Less specific.”
“Masquerade?” Ren tries.
Candidate not found.
“Costume party?” Sumire taps at her lips.
Candidate not found.
Goro folds his arms, “I’m not entirely certain we’re on the right track.”
“Then please, shepherd us.” Morgana drones with all the sarcasm Ren has ever heard him
muster.
“As insincere as he was, I never got the sense that the Cleaner wasn’t enjoying himself.”
Goro says, eyes darting to the side as he recalls. “Even when he was talking business, he
never seemed to get serious, as it were.”
“So perhaps something more cheerful, then?” Haru muses, “A movie theatre?”
Candidate not found.
“Art gallery.” Yusuke says.
Candidate not found.
“Dunno if that’s super cheerful, dude.” Ryuji scratches at his neck.
Yusuke sniffs, “Then you try something.”
“Uhh… Festival?”
Candidate not found.
“Damn.”
“How about…” Ann crosses her arms, lips pursed in thought. “Ooo, how about a carnival?”
Candidate found.
Ren blinks. Ann also blinks.

“I got it!” She cheers after a beat, pumping her fist and quickly exchanging a high-five with
Ryuji.
“Sick!” Ryuji whoops.
“That’s one hurdle…” Makoto sighs.
“But we still don’t know where.” Sumire grimaces.
“It could very well be his headquarters, or the surrounding area.” Goro says, “Or perhaps his
home. Which is a problem.”
“Because even if that’s right, we can’t enter the palace without knowing where it is.” Ren
finishes, tugging at his fringe with frustration.
“Tsutomu Shiraishi’s family headquarters.” Makoto announces.
Candidate found. Move closer to distortion to begin navigation.
“A little more specific than I would have assumed.” Yusuke comments.
“Well, he’s yakuza, isn’t he?” Makoto insists, looking a bit embarrassed. “Even if he’s the
boss, it’d still be a family or clan of sorts.”
“True.” Haru hums.
“Too bad the Nav doesn’t, y’know, give us a map.” Ryuji groans.
Ren’s kingdom for an easier time with anything. “We can’t just walk around the city and
hope it’ll transport us to the palace, can we?” He turns to Goro.
Goro sneers, “You’re well aware of the proximity required to enter a palace. Would you like
to search every backstreet in Tokyo?”
No, no he would not.
“Then… what’re we gonna do?” Morgana’s ears flatten against his head.
“We can’t go to Maruki again, can we?” Sumire asks warily.
“I think we’d all prefer if we didn’t have to.” Makoto says.
Ren bites at his lip, picking his phone back up off the coffee table. He starts spinning it in his
hand, ignoring how Yusuke frames him with his fingers as he does.
They’ve found the name, which—
—Which was the main hurdle for Ohya and Iwai.
Ren stops spinning his phone abruptly, catching it with a snap. Yusuke is still framing him.

“I think I know a guy.” Ren lets a grin curl up his face. He knows several, in fact.
“What the hell does that look mean?” Futaba squints at him.
“It means, that we might be expecting answers sooner than we think.” Ren swipes to his
contacts to shoot Ohya a text, telling her to meet them in the safe house tomorrow after
school. He should probably swing by Iwai’s to tell him in person. “Hey, Futaba, we should
probably fill Sojiro in too, huh?”
Futaba blinks, then grins, snickering like a gremlin, “Ohhh! I see what you’re thinkin’”
“Are you going to share with the rest of us?” Yusuke frowns.
“The great thing about putting a bunch of eggs in different baskets is that you can ask for
multiple favours in exchange for the eggs.” Futaba says with sage wisdom.
“Basically, the people I was asking for help with finding the Cleaner will probably be a lot
more help now that we have his name.” Ren translates.
“Oh.” Haru says, eyes wide, “Then, please, ask for their help.”
“What’re they saying?” Ryuji leans over to squint at Ren’s screen.
Ren bats him off, “It’ll take a few days for them to find anything, probably. Plus I’m meeting
them tomorrow.”
“We don’t have much time.” Goro warns. “There’s only seventeen days until the election.”
“Sato and Ooe’s palaces didn’t take too long.” Sumire says, though she does seem as worried
by the ticking clock as anyone.
“If it comes down to it, I think we’re past the point of needing to put Shido’s palace off.”
Makoto says primly, “Since he’s undoubtedly noticed the activity near the diet building.”
“Maruki probably didn’t help with that, actually.” Ren admits, “It sounds like he used Shido’s
palace as a jumping off point.”
“There? Really?” Ann asks.
Ren shrugs, and raises his hands in the universal symbol of don’t look at me.
“Well, then.” Goro says. “I suppose we’re another step closer.”
One last little jump.
***
Another step closer to their goals, sure, but Sumire still feels a step and a half behind in most
everything else.

There’s a small seed of pride in her chest that she’s hesitant to let bloom. Talking to Maruki
worked. It hasn’t backfired in their faces (yet, she knows it’s a matter of time) and now the
river has space to rush forward once more.
The two primary things holding her back are the aforementioned ‘yet’, and the cold shoulder
Goro is currently rubbing her face in.
Haru shoots her a sympathetic look as the thieves are beginning to disperse after the meeting,
whispering “For the record, I thought it was a good idea.”
“Thank you.” Sumire whispers back with a grateful smile.
“If a bit reckless.” Haru adds, thoroughly bursting her bubble.
Sumire coughs, “Well… that was sort of a given.”
“True, all of this is a bit reckless.” Haru muses. “You should probably sort this out quickly,
though.”
“I should. I will.” Sumire amends.
Haru nudges her forward, “Best to do it now, no?”
Sumire grimaces and stumbles forward. “Yes… Right.”
Goro himself has already vanished from Ann’s living room, presumably down the hall
somewhere. Sumire tries not to draw too much attention to herself as she shuffles towards his
room, still managing to catch a raised eyebrow from Ren, which she fervently ignores.
She knocks on the door.
“What, Ann?”
Sumire doesn’t quite know how to segue from that, actually.
“Makoto, then?”
Her predicament remains.
“…Sae-san?”
“Um.” Sumire coughs, “Can I talk to you?”
Sumire can’t see him, but she’s pretty sure he’s rolling his eyes.
“I can hardly stop you, can I?” He says.
Sumire takes that as a yes Sumire, you may talk to me, and opens the door sheepishly, finding
Goro sitting on the bed in the centre of the room as he so often is.
“Um.” She stutters again. “So?”

Goro isn’t quite looking at her, scowling at the sheets.
They’re past this, Sumire thinks. They shouldn’t have to do this song and dance every time
one of them inevitably runs off to do something dangerous in their own self-interest.
And, chances are, they most certainly will keep doing dangerous and self-interested things.
Sumire thinks it’s probably a fact of nature for Goro, and were she to exercise a modicum of
self-awareness, she’s beginning to realise she’s not that much better.
She could be better. But it worked.
“Are you here to gloat, or make a point?” Goro asks.
“Do I ever gloat?” Sumire protests.
“When you didn’t know who you were, you tended to do it very politely.” Goro tells her,
which is an unnecessarily low blow.
Though, Kasumi did tend to do that. And it was infuriating. Sumire isn’t even sure if she ever
realised. The lack of intent made it worse, she thinks.
“Well, I do know who I am now.” Sumire says, taking a seat on the bed. “And I have for a
while.”
“True enough.” Goro concedes. “That doesn’t change my question.”
That doesn’t change Sumire’s answer. She isn’t here for much at all, other than to put on her
best puppy-dog eyes and say please stop being upset with me, if ‘upset’ even begins to cover
it. She gets the feeling that won’t quite cut it.
I didn’t get mad at you when you did something stupid —No, too unspecific. Not to mention
that it’s a logical fallacy easily sidestepped, and Goro has never been above hypocrisy.
It worked, didn’t it? —Ah, there’s that gloating she was just accused of. She crosses it off the
list.
“I’m worried too, you know.” Commiseration seems a poor band-aid. But she’s already said
it, so.
Predictably, Goro scoffs at her. “Aren’t we all.”
Maybe bargaining will do it. “If I promise not to run off on my own anymore will you do the
same?” Sumire asks.
“That’s not how this works.” Goro says, which Sumire also should have expected.
“What, then?”
Goro looks as though he would very much enjoy sneering and telling her to get out. He also
looks like he’d rather sit here in silence and scowl in her direction until she leaves without his

saying so. Instead, he eventually clicks his tongue, “What do you think you stand to gain
from Maruki?”
“What?” Sumire blurts.
“Well, I suppose it did work, didn’t it?” Goro says sourly, more to himself than it seems to
her. “It’s clever, to conscript the only man able to leap the wall we were faced with who is
also bound to help us by nature. Or maybe it’s just luck.”
Maybe Sumire doesn’t need to gloat, if Goro’s going to do it for her. Maybe she doesn’t need
to make a point either, since he’s doing that just fine too.
“If it’s luck that Maruki exists at all, then is it still not a good idea to use him while we can?”
Sumire tries. Though, good ideas didn’t really factor into it. More desperation.
“Bad luck, perhaps.” Goro sneers.
Sumire can’t argue with that.
“Were you worried? About me.” She tries.
“No.”
Oh.
“Not for your life.” Goro clarifies as he rolls his eyes. Sumire must have made a face. “I think
it’s clear by now that Maruki has enough control not to kill anyone. By accident, that is, and
it’s rarely his prerogative. But death is by far the least of our worries.”
The least of their worries, when a death of a different and far worse kind could befall them
under Maruki’s spell. Sumire has no intention of surrendering her heart again, but at the end
of the day she may not have a choice in the matter.
(But Maruki did acknowledge that she’s changed. And she has changed, and she’ll continue
to change if she has any say in it. Her life can be more than just an unaccomplished dream
and she’ll prove it.
So what will Maruki offer instead?
The thought makes her feel sick. She shouldn’t speculate lest Maruki start getting ideas once
he inevitably starts digging for them.)
“Hopefully he can only start doing things on a large scale once the god of control is out of the
way.” Sumire mumbles. That was how it worked, right? Yaldabaoth’s power transferred to
Maruki?
“I wouldn’t count on it, given that his shadow is convinced enough of his own godhood to
have it within the confines of his own palace.” Goro counters.

“But that’s just his own palace.” Sumire says. She’s on the less informed side, when it comes
to matters of the cognitive world, but there really isn’t any reason for the masses to have
handed the keys to reality over to Maruki just yet.
“Are you a fan of gambling, Yoshizawa-san?” Goro says with his teeth.
“I’m not a fan of any of this.” She answers quietly.
Goro snorts.
“Are you scared of him?” She asks.
“Of who.”
“Maruki.” Sumire says, “Obviously.”
“I’m not afraid of that man.” Goro hisses, “He’s as weak as any of our other targets. The only
reason we lost is because Ren is a fuckup.”
Sumire can’t defend Ren much from that, and she also doesn’t really want to. She also thinks
Goro is a born liar. “Before, maybe. Now everything about his palace is wrong.”
“Nothing a couple dozen bullets won’t fix.”
Sumire laughs a bit, tucking her knees to her chest. There’s a pain around her ribs the more
she thinks about this. She and Goro really are as terrible as each other, minus a couple dozen
bullets or so.
“I’m scared too.” She admits, “I hated meeting with him. It’s like he looks for loopholes in
everything you say. I have to play word games.”
“Yes, well.” Goro begins, some of the ice in his voice beginning to thaw, “He’s always been
like that, no? You said something vague, and he took it as lobotomise me, please. You’re
lucky he even waited for you to ask.”
“I don’t know what I was asking.” She says into her knees. “I just wanted help.” Any help.
And she received it, gratefully, even when what she was getting was a crack in the skull.
“And now he’s going to hold it over you forever.” Goro says, “How benevolent of him.”
“You don’t need to convince me what he’s doing is wrong.” Sumire mutters.
“You had to be convinced once.” Goro says. “With violent force.”
Sumire curls in on herself a bit more. “Is that what you think is happening here?”
“You tell me.”
“I’m telling you, then. It’s not.” She says firmly.
Goro stares. “Alright.”

“That’s it?”
“I suppose it is.”
Then that’s all.
January can’t come soon enough.
This, too, can be misconstrued. Ella warns. Sumire still wants this all to be over.
***
A spotlight on Odaiba, nothing at the Diet Building, and Masayoshi Shido still has a
headache to show for it.
Even if only half his ducks are in a row, he can’t wait until they all fly away to start shooting.
He has people that work for him for a reason.
In an ideal scenario, he’d nab the leader and make a show of him to the media. Really
hammer home how they caught him, this time, no phantom escape in sight. In the absence of
knowing who the leader is, he’ll settle for rooting out most or all of them and wringing their
necks until the others are too afraid to even try for revenge.
Targeting random children won’t be enough, unfortunately. If Shido doesn’t thin their
numbers with accuracy he’s going to have a problem on his hands, and an audacious claim
just asking to be toppled.
It’s high time Shujin suffered a little more scrutiny.
Ren Amamiya, Makoto Niijima, Ryuji Sakamato, Haru Okumura, and Yuuki Mishima remain
as his prime suspects, for now. It’s too bad the girl is nowhere to be found, but maybe it
won’t be so difficult to scare some information out of the others.
***
The first indication that Ren was going to have a bad day today came with the fact that there
were several cops loitering outside Shujin.
Or maybe not. In hindsight, the true first indication was when Ren woke up with a sore neck
and numb fingers from sleeping in the weirdest position he could have, still unused to the
new bed he’s working with at the Sakuras’ safehouse.
One would assume (Ren had assumed) that after sleeping on milk crates for a year and then
some, that no other surface would top that amount of discomfort. Unfortunately, it seems Ren
got used to a very specific kind of discomfort, and that he still can’t handle shitty beds of
other varieties.
He’s aware that none of this really matters in the face of there still being cops outside his
school. But he’d also like to not have a sore neck while he deals with this.

He remembers with some clarity the police coming to interrogate the student body last
timeline, after Okumura senior had been unceremoniously murdered. If it was an act on
Shido’s part, then it would have been for show. If it was an act on behalf of the rest of the
force, then they were clearly pretty bad at their jobs.
He also remembers the police coming to Shujin this timeline as well. Though, they didn’t get
past wandering around. Maybe they’re finally back to ask some questions.
If Ren is lucky, they’ll stick to loitering.
Ren is not lucky.
“Alright.” Kawakami announces to the class, “This is a little irregular, but I need everyone to
stay calm.”
The class immediately erupts into whispers.
“Calm.” Kawakami repeats. “I’m sure most of you have noticed the police around lately.
They’re going to be asking everyone a few questions individually, so don’t freak out when
they take you out of class.”
Her eyes dart meaningfully in Ren’s direction. Clearly, despite not having had the time to
quite build the Temperance up to its maximum rank, Kawakami isn’t stupid.
As the class whispers a little louder, Morgana pokes his head out of the underdesk at the same
time that Ann turns around in her chair to give Ren twin concerned looks.
“Think it’ll be fine?” Ann mutters.
With her acting skills? “Try not to spin any tales.” Ren advises.
Ann rolls her eyes. “I’ll try, but I don’t know what they’ll ask me.”
“Think they have any idea who we are?” Morgana whispers.
“We are pretty obvious.” Ren admits, “If they knew for certain I think we’d already be
screwed, but they might have suspicions.”
If Makoto were still going to school, she’d be in arguably the most danger. Haru won’t be
having a much easier time. Sumire’s only crime is being friends with several of the prime
suspects, but who knows if that will be enough. Ann and Ryuji have the most obvious motive
of the bunch, and Ren feels like he’s being hit with charges just for existing.
Across the room, Mishima looks white as a sheet. Ren hopes he can keep his cool well
enough to not rat them all out, or to not accidentally make it seem like he’s a Phantom Thief.
Students start being taken out of class one by one, in a seemingly random order. Mishima
looks ready to faint when a cop waltzes in, asking to see him. Ren gives him a weak thumbsup.

Eventually, it’s Ren’s turn.
“May we speak with Ren Amamiya?” An officer knocks against the doorway.
“You’re up, Amamiya-kun.” Kawakami drawls, giving a good show of nonchalance.
Mishima, back in his seat after his questioning, looks even more worried than when he was
called up himself.
There’s some mutterings from the class as Ren slowly stands up, giving ample time for
Morgana to quietly hop back into the bag. The novelty of his criminal record still hasn’t
faded, apparently.
Morgana digs his claws into Ren’s arm as the cop gives him a bland smile, leading him
towards the student council room. Entering the room itself, Ren takes a brief second to
appreciate that the room has gotten a fair bit messier in Makoto’s absence.
“Amamiya-kun,” Says another officer, a detective-looking sort, already seated at the table,
“Take a seat. Don’t worry, you should be able to get back to class soon.”
Ren nods stiffly, shuffling over to pull out the chair and carefully lowering his bag to the
ground.
“Like any student wants to go back to class.” Morgana mumbles. Ordinarily, Ren would
lightly kick him to get him to quiet down, but right now he thinks he appreciates the chatter.
The detective doesn’t look like he heard anything. The cop at the door gives the bag a weird
look. Ren feels like there are ants crawling up his arms and neck.
“We’re just going to be asking you a few questions about the past year.” The detective says.
“Ask away.” Ren says, but he can’t quite hear himself.
“Alright.” The detective starts shuffling through some paper laid out on the table. “You’re
aware of the events that happened here at the start of this year involving Suguru Kamoshida,
yes?”
Hard not to be. “Yeah.”
“How close would you say you were to the incident?”
Ren shrugs, but he feels like he can’t get his shoulders to move. “Not very. I’m a transfer, so I
was new at the time.”
“Really?” The detective asks, and the way he says it sets Ren on edge. “Says here you had
a… run in? Apparently he was going to try and expel you before he had a change of heart.”
“Ren…” Morgana hisses.
Okay. Okay. Ren shrugs again. “He didn’t like that we confronted him about what he did.”

“What he did?”
“If the fact he was trying to expel us is in your files then surely the fact he assaulted a girl is
in there too.” Ren scoffs on instinct. His voice is a bit too loud, a bit too uneven. He
swallows, reign it in.
“Right, of course.” The detective hums. “You, Ryuji Sakamoto, and Yuuki Mishima
confronted him, yeah?”
“Mishima was kinda there by accident.” Ren mumbles. Breathe.
“I see.” The detective says. “You said you were a transfer student, right?”
“Mm.”
“And you transferred because…?”
“Doesn’t your file or whatever already say?” Ren wishes they would crack open the window
or something.
“Criminal record.” The cop at the door grunts.
“’Course.” The detective agrees, “Aside from the blip at the start of the year, doesn’t look
like you’ve been involved in any major incidents.”
Are they just going to read the file at him? “None.”
“Good grades, too. Nice job on cleaning up, kid.”
Ren had good grades back home, as well. “Mm.”
The detective flips through a couple more pages, “And— just to confirm, you’ve been living
with Sojiro Sakura in Yongen-jaya as part of your probation?”
“Leblanc.” Ren corrects. They’ve all whisked themselves away to somewhere else, but
there’s still that hissing reminder in his mind, distance yourself, “His café. So— Sakura-san
wanted me to have my own space, so I’ve been living in the attic.”
“I see.” The detective chuckles, “Sounds like you’re living the dream.”
Ren clasps his hands together in his lap, digging his nails into his knuckles. He nods.
He can’t remember what the cops who questioned him like this last time looked like. He can’t
remember what the cops who interrogated him looked like. They wouldn’t remember him,
either. He wonders if that would be true even if time hadn’t folded on itself.
“Yeah.” Ren remembers to respond, belatedly. “It’s nice.”
It was, though it took time to appreciate.

Ren feels Morgana’s tail brushing up his leg, in— warning? Commiseration? He doesn’t feel
much comforted.
He needs to leave. Leave this room, leave the school. Beyond the pressing requirement to get
out get out get out he understands that he’s been compromised either way. If these cops
wanted to, they could arrest him right here. Shujin isn’t a safe place to be.
“Well, thank you for your time, Amamiya-kun.” The detective says, after marking a couple
things down. “You’ll be escorted back to your classroom.”
The cop at the door steps out of the way, gesturing for Ren to stand up. Ren obliges, quickly
hefting up his bag while trying to not make it looks like there’s a cat in there. The trip back to
2-D’s classroom is simultaneously twice as long and over in an instant, and Ren lowers
himself back into his chair, amazed his legs don’t shake, as the cop calls in the next student.
Ann whips around to raise her eyebrows at him. Ren shrugs. He can get his shoulders to
move a bit easier now.
“Ren!” Morgana hisses, leaping back into the underdesk. “I don’t think…”
“I know.” Ren whispers.
“Are we gonna be okay?” Ann leans further back.
“I don’t know.”
“I think we should leave.” Morgana says. Ren scratches him behind the ears. “I don’t know.
It’s just a feeling.”
“You think they’re out to arrest people today?” Ann bites down on her nails.
“I don’t know!” Morgana’s tail lashes anxiously. Ren’s leg starts to bounce.
Ren shoots his hand up.
Kawakami pauses in her half-hearted lecture. “…Yes? Amamiya-kun?”
“Can I be excused.” He says. “To the bathroom.” He clarifies.
Kawakami sighs, “Sure, go for it.” Her concern is well-masked, if it’s there at all, but usually
she would at the very least let out an exasperated can’t you wait till the break?
As Ren gathers his things, acting like that’s something entirely normal to do when taking a
trip to the bathroom, Ann catches him by the sleeve, “Should I be getting out of here, too?”
Ren doesn’t know if that’s what he’s doing. “I don’t know.” He says, holding open his back
for Morgana to leap into, “Depends.”
Ann is actually starting to look nervous, now. She’s done a good job of keeping it together,
Ren can acknowledge through his own nausea. “Well… I’ll text you after they question me, I

guess.”
“Okay.” Ren mutters back, and strides across the room as fast as he can, giving Kawakami a
stiff nod on the way out.
At the first opportunity, he ducks into the bathroom, locking himself in one of the stalls and
half-collapsing on the toilet with the lid closed.
“So?” Morgana pops his head out of the bag. “Are we going?”
Ren runs a hand through his hair. It snags on the knots. “I don’t know.”
“What if something happens, though!?”
“I don’t know.” Ren repeats. The bathroom is kind of nice, actually. Better than the
classroom, where everyone has a habit of staring at him. Better than the student council
room, where two cops of dubious familiarity stare at him for a living.
Ren tries to take a deep breath. He still feels like there are ants on his neck. “If we leave now
it’s obvious I’m running.”
“So?” Morgana demands, “They won’t be able to find you!”
“What about after, though?” Will it matter? Once the Metaverse is gone and the existence of
the Phantom Thieves is hopefully reduced to a dubious urban legend, even past Shido’s
eventual trial, will anyone care enough to hunt down the leader?
He didn’t have to turn himself in last time, but that was thanks to Maruki. Who’s to say an
easy switch like that will stick in the real world? They don’t know who he is now, and Ren
wants to keep it that way.
But they do know.
But they don’t know for sure.
Would it matter either way at all?
Ren doesn’t want to be some level of on the run for the rest of his life. He doesn’t want to be
the guy on a list who needs to have twenty eyes turned his way to make sure he never acts
out.
(Then what does he want?
The world keeps turning. Arsène muses, nonsensically. Ren takes that to mean he doesn’t
know either. Or he’s not self aware enough.)
Caution, or expediency?
They’ll know anyway.

“Let’s go.” Ren decides quietly, tugging his phone from his pocket.
Morgana nods. “Good. We’ll tell everyone else that we aren’t going back to school.”
No, no they aren’t. Some things never change.
“Mementos.” Ren whispers into the receiver.
***
Haru has spoken with police a fair few times over the past few months, following her father’s
breakdown. She must say, she much preferred when it wasn’t obvious how suspicious of her
they were.
“Haru Okumura.” The detective greets, as she’s escorted to the student council room. “A
pleasure to meet you.”
Haru hums. It isn’t much of a pleasure to meet him, in turn. She pulls back the chair, and
smooths down her skirt as she takes a seat.
The detective’s smile strains as the silence stretches a bit too long. “Right.” He says, “We’ll
just be asking you a few questions, if that’s alright?”
Well she hardly has any choice. “Of course.”
“Great.” The detective leans back, “How close would you say you were to the incident
involving Suguru Kamoshida at the start of this year?”
“Not at all.” Haru answers easily. “I wasn’t a student of his, nor was I close to any of the
victims.”
“I see.” The detective nods, “How about a few times removed? Do you know anyone who
was particularly angry about the incident?”
As far as questioning goes, it’s rather clumsy. Haru assumes they already have a list of
suspects printed out ready to arrest the second they act a little too suspicious. She assumes
she very well may be on that list. It all depends on how sharp a man Masayoshi Shido is, and
that’s not a bet she would like to take.
“I’m not very close with anyone at this school.” She says, as her first lie, “Anyone I’ve
spoken too hasn’t had much to say on the matter, especially months after the fact.”
“You believe the situation is resolved?”
“So long as Kamoshida is prosecuted successfully, then yes.” Haru says, a bit pointed.
“Of course.” The detective agrees easily. “Now, forgive me for bringing up your father, but
I’ll be asking a few questions about him as well.”
Haru nods. She expected as much.

“Were you ever the target of harassment at school due to your family?” The detective asks,
his tact shifting. Haru muses that if they wanted to play up the we just want to bring those
who’ve hurt you to justice angle, they ought to have led with that.
“No.” Haru tells him, “As I said, I’m not close with many people, and I avoid introducing
myself by my family name when I can.”
“Huh, clever.” The detective hums, “Is there anyone who you’ve heard expressing any anger
or discontent towards your father, broadly?”
Haru gives him a delicate shrug. “My father angered a lot of people. I suspect anyone who
works for Big Bang Burger would have reason to have grievances.”
“Did he anger you?”
Well, there goes the sympathy angle. “He was my father.” Haru says, and that part is honest.
“I’ve forgiven him for a lot of things even before…”
She trails off, hoping they’ll interpret her silence as a quiet grief, rather than the unknowable
bundle of something she still struggles to examine in full. Perhaps she’ll get the chance, when
the police aren’t breathing down her neck.
“My condolences, Okumura-san.” The detective says.
Haru shifts in her seat. “Is that all?”
“Ah, just one more thing.” He says, “Makoto Niijima, your student council president, has
been missing for several days.”
Haru widens her eyes, “I did notice she was absent.”
“Right.” The detective says, “You said you weren’t close with many people at this school, but
did you have any conversations with her? Anything to indicate her whereabouts?”
“None.” Haru answers, “We rarely spoke. I hope she’s alright, though…”
“As do we.” The detective hums, clicking his pen with finality. “Well, that’s all for today.
You’ve been very helpful, Okumura-san.”
Not even a passing mention of the Phantom Thieves, is it? Perhaps she should have brought it
up herself. She imagines her more gossipy peers would turn the tables on who it is that’s
being interrogated quickly, given the chance.
It’s a bit late to tack on. Instead, she stands, smoothing her skirt again. She gives a short bow
to both the detective and the officer at the door as she’s escorted out.
It’s good the Sakuras have already left her apartment. Perhaps she should consider re-hiring
some of her father’s favoured muscle. If she’s to be in danger even while she’s giving her
pretence of playing by the rules, she thinks now is the time to make a stand on Shido’s level.

Chapter End Notes

hiya! i almost forgot to prep this chapter. this also means i forgot about my Self Imposed
Deadline for last chapter's comment responses-- if you get a reply from me after already
reading this chapter, then my bad lmao (this will likely happen). hopefully i'll get around
to it the morning of this chapter's release. or maybe earlier! (this will likely not happen)
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! Nothin', but that Magician's still doing the rounds
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 4
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Haru: goodness, all this metaverse business is so convenient. problems practically
evaporate.
Shido: [does anything]
Haru: maybe normal assassins still have a place in the job market, actually

Chapter 103
Chapter Summary

shifting stones, and an interlude

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It’s about now that Ryuji really wishes he had some friends in his class.
His best friends get to live it up in class D. Everyone else is either a year above or below him.
Everyone else, Futaba, the lucky bastard, doesn’t have to go to school.
Oh, and Yusuke. And Akechi. Shit, Ryuji would be glad to have Akechi in his class right now
— anything’s better than being left to panic as Ushimaru gives a shitty lecture about a shitty
subject, and shitty cops swing by every once in a while to pull someone out of class.
Shitty.
It’s about now that Ryuji considers maybe he hasn’t been as not-suspicious as he could’ve
been. For all he knows these cops already have him on a list of “definitely the Phantom
Thieves—arrest immediately” and he’s been screwed since he stepped foot onto campus.
Well, it’s not like they’ve called him up yet, and it’s not like they can interview every single
shujin student. That would be kinda overkill—
“Ryuji Sakamoto?” The cop says from the doorway.
Shit. Shitty. Effin’ terrible.
“You heard him.” Ushimaru grunts in Ryuji’s direction. Ryuji scrambles out of his chair,
cramming his hands in his pockets and ducking his head as he trails after the cop, leading him
down the hall to the student council room.
Damn, this place looks like shit now that Makoto’s not here. She… might be happy about
that?
“Sakamoto-kun.” Some detective-looking asshole sitting at the table says, “Please, take a
seat.”
Ryuji tries very hard not to grimace at the shrieking noise the chair makes as he drags it out.
He collapses onto the seat, folding one of his legs over the other.

He gets the sudden urge to be the first one to talk. He doesn’t, but the stare the detective is
giving him is setting him on edge.
“Now,” the detective starts, after way too long of a pause, “We’ll be asking you some
questions about the past year, if that’s alright?”
It’s a question, but Ryuji isn’t stupid enough to consider it one. “Uh, sure.” He coughs,
“About the Phantom Thieves or whatever?”
Should he have been the first one to bring them up? Should he have just pretended this isn’t
an interview about a magical group of vigilantes, that they probably know he’s a part of?
Goddammit, where’s Morgana when you need him?
The detective chuckles. A good sign? “That’s who we’re hoping to catch. You were…
involved in the incident with Suguru Kamoshida at the start of the year, yes?”
A bad sign, actually. “Uhm.” Ryuji swallows. What the hell is he supposed to do? Lie? He’s
not as bad as Ann, but he’s not great. “Yeah.”
“Says here that you were set to be expelled, before his change of heart.”
And they could also just check. Right. “Yeah well. I pissed him off.”
“There was also another incident involving the two of you? Last year?”
Ryuji’s knee twinges. “Uh huh.”
“Anything else to add to that?” The detective pushes.
This guy is seriously an asshole. “Nothin’.”
The cop at the door snorts. Ryuji decides he’s also kind of an asshole.
The detective rifles through some paper. “Well, you’re right that this interview is about the
Phantom Thieves. Did you ever see the calling card when it was posted?”
“Uh— yeah. It was on the notice board, and Kamoshida was throwing a fit about it.” Ryuji
says. Maybe he isn’t terrible at lying? Or that bending the truth shit that Akechi likes to do.
“Was there anyone who seemed to have a particular vendetta against him?”
“He was assaulting people, dude.” Ryuji snaps, “Anyone who wasn’t ignoring it was pissed
the hell off. But everyone thought the calling card was a prank before it uh— worked.” He
tacks on.
“I see.” The detective hums.
Was that too aggressive or something? It would be weird if Ryuji wasn’t aggressive about it—
the fucker broke his damn leg and ruined his friend’s life.

Ryuji feels his leg bouncing. “…S’that all?”
The detective waves a hand, and gives him a vague smile. “Yes, that’s all, Sakamoto-kun.
You can head back to your classroom now.”
Ryuji doesn’t waste any time tripping out of his chair and towards the door. The cop guarding
it almost starts after him, probably to make sure he actually heads back to class, but the
detective gestures him over, and lets Ryuji go.
Well, they didn’t arrest him. Doesn’t mean he isn’t still completely fucked.
He needs to—
Leave? Leave school? Do what Makoto and Akechi have been doing? Maybe Ren and Ann
need to do the same thing.
But shit shit shit does that even matter when they know where he lives? He can’t just vanish
like the rest of the thieves can, he needs to think about his mom. What the hell does he even
say? Hey, ma. Sorry, but your shitty son has actually been running with thieves the past year
and we need to pack up and leave right now.
Dammit dammit dammit.
He needs to talk to Ann. And to not walk around in the real world.
The walk to Ann’s is a lot faster when he’s panicking, even while trudging through the
gloomy topside Mementos. He jogs up the stairs two at a time, and kicks in the door that
annoyingly keeps mending itself thanks to the shared cognition of Ann not having a kicked-in
door.
He trips out of Mementos, and—
“Isn’t it a bit early?” Akechi comments from the couch, eyes barely even flickering up to
acknowledge him.
Oh, damn. Ryuji guesses school isn’t technically out yet. That’s something he’ll have to
worry about later.
Actually, it’s something he has to worry about right now.
“There were cops at school.” Ryuji blurts.
Akechi’s head snaps up, and his eyes narrow. “What were they doing?”
“Uh, questioning.” Ryuji says. “People. They’re try’na track down the thieves.”
Akechi clicks his tongue. “They did this last time, after Okumura died. I expect Shido is
getting antsy.”
“Yeah.” Ryuji shuffles over to the couch, letting his knees buckle and collapsing back onto it.

Akechi eyes him. “Are they onto you?”
“Probably.”
“Hm. You might have to join Makoto in hiding. The others might have to, as well.” Akechi
muses.
He says it so casually, it kind of ticks Ryuji off. “Effin’ how?”
“You seemed the type to leap at the chance to avoid school.” Akechi mutters, looking slightly
taken aback. It’s a weird look on him.
“Yeah!” Ryuji throws up his hands, “Usually! But I’m not like Makoto, if I skip out for
months, I’m gonna have to repeat! Or just be expelled!”
“To my knowledge, Ren faced no such issue last time.” Akechi offers, eyeing him warily.
“Have you seen Ren’s grades?” Ryuji scoffs, leaning forward and digging his hands through
his hair. “Ain’t no way teachers are lookin’ to get rid of him.”
“He also has a criminal record.” Akechi says, “I imagine taking a month or more off of
school won him no favours.”
Teachers like Ren. They didn’t use to, but the same charm that ensnared all the thieves has
rubbed off on all the school staff, too. Most of them, at least. Enough of them. Ryuji has no
such luck.
“I can’t put this shit on my mom.” Ryuji says into his hands.
Akechi says nothing.
“I can’t just tell her we need to find somewhere else to live.” Ryuji says. “What if some of
Shido’s goons come in and trash the place? We can’t afford to fix that shit. What if we’re
there when it happens?”
“Haru-san would be more than willing to cover any damage costs.” Akechi tells him, “If you
asked her.”
“Stop bein’ reasonable, dude!”
Akechi scoffs, whatever strange hesitance he had fading quickly. “No, please. Disregard my
advice, helpful as it is.”
“You never give advice.” Ryuji mutters.
“Then cherish it, it’s rare.” Akechi sneers.
Well, at least Ryuji has successfully steered Akechi’s demeanour into something normal
again. He doesn’t feel much better for it.

“When’s Ann gonna get back?” Ryuji mumbles, still into his hands, like Akechi would know.
“How am I supposed to know?” Akechi snaps.
“Dude, you don’t get it.” Ryuji says, starting to feel that tug of desperation in his chest. “I
can’t drag my mom into this.”
Akechi is quiet again.
“She already had to deal with me after Kamoshida broke my leg. It’s not— she shouldn’t
have to— I didn’t— when we started bein’ Phantom Thieves, I never thought it would get
this bad.”
Akechi is still silent for a moment, before he asks. “Would you change it, if you knew where
it would end up?”
“No. Yes?” Ryuji drags his hands down his face. “I dunno.”
Akechi stares, waiting. Unhelpful bastard.
“I’d still get Kamoshida.” Ryuji decides, “Ain’t no way I’d let that shitbag get away with it.”
Akechi hums.
“Wouldn’t wanna let Madarame get away with it either. Yusuke was in a bad way, y’know?
Even if he didn’t admit it.”
An unreadable expression twitches over Akechi’s face. The closest thing Ryuji can compare
it to is smug.
“Kaneshiro’s gotta go.” Ryuji mutters. “I dunno if Futaba needed us to screw with her head,
but. Not leavin’ her on her own, either.”
“I believe that’s your answer, then.” Akechi comments.
“Fuck.” Ryuji says with despair.
“If it helps, this exact type of mess wasn’t something you faced last time.” Akechi says.
“That just means this is your fault.” Ryuji spits. Unfair, but this shit sucks.
Akechi snorts, “Most things are. Not letting Ren and Sumire share in the blame?”
“Ren’s my best friend. Sumi’s too nice.”
Akechi rolls his eyes. Ryuji’s life is falling apart, he can take it.
“Where the hell is Makoto, anyway?” Ryuji drags himself out of his shrimp posture. “Or her
sis.”

“Sae-san keeps to herself.” Akechi says, “And Makoto avoids me on principle. Good thing
you haven’t been yelling, else we would have had to deal with the two of them, too.”
“Would rather them than you.” Ryuji says to the TV.
“I haven’t even provoked you this time.” Akechi says, lip curling. “If you want to deal with
either Niijima while they’re both stir-crazy, be my guest. I assure you they’d have the exact
same advice I’ve given you.”
Maybe that’s true. Actually, Akechi has been borderline nice this entire encounter. Maybe
any other time Ryuji would have the bandwidth to appreciate it.
He kind of wants to flop back forward and bury his face in his hands again.
“What am I gonna say to her?” He mumbles. “Where are we gonna go?”
“Conveniently, your best friend just spent a considerable amount of time searching for a safe
house of his own. Ask him.” Akechi says derisively. Maybe Ryuji shouldn’t have been this
much of a dick, if Akechi is gonna meet him blow for blow.
It’s then that there’s some stumbling in the apartment’s entryway. “I’m back!” Ann’s voice
rings out in a sing-song.
“Ann.” Ryuji says, voice choked with relief.
“Ryuji?” Ann blinks, still standing in the doorway. She drops her bag, striding over to the
couch, “How’d you get here before me?”
“Uh.” Ryuji leans back to look at her properly, “Left early.”
“Oh.” Ann stares, “Oh, shit. Ren did that too.”
“How was your questioning?” Akechi asks blandly.
Ann presses her lips together, twirling her hair around a finger. “Bad? I’m bad at lying. They
didn’t seem… that suspicious? But I couldn’t really tell.”
“You didn’t leave early, though.”
Ann shrugs, wringing her hands together. “Nope. If they’re not already onto me, I don’t
wanna paint a target, y’know? Even if I stop going to school, they still know where I live.”
Her, and everyone else. Ryuji feels kinda like shit again.
Akechi has a sour look on his face. He clicks his tongue. “Worst comes to worse, we pack up
and live in Mementos.”
“Get serious, dude.”

“I am serious.” Akechi says, and Ryuji cannot for the life of him tell if that’s true, “Mementos
is better than being killed in a home invasion.”
Ann groans, “I guess. Should I stop going to school?”
“I think I gotta.” Ryuji says, resigned.
Akechi hums contemplatively. He jerks his head towards Ann, “You keep going. Test the
waters tomorrow. Keep your phone on you so you can leave at any time.”
“You got it.” Ann says with failing enthusiasm.
He looks towards Ryuji, “You.”
“Me?” Ryuji says, with about the same amount of enthusiasm that Ann mustered.
Akechi tilts his head, “I suppose you ought to start packing.”
Ryuji folds in on himself again. “Fuck.” Ann pats him on the back.
(Despite the unfortunate twist in fate, Akechi feels the Chariot grow to rank five.
Figures, that striving for the best outcome brings with it more strife. Maybe he should lend a
hand.
But how?
Hm.
Ah, well, there is someone he could ask.)
***
Ren doesn’t exactly remember the walk back to Shinjuku, but he’s here now, so it must have
happened.
Or, no, he would have driven? It’s a good thing there are no pedestrians in Mementos, he
supposes. Though if he ran into anything, Morgana would surely be yowling his complaints,
so maybe he’s just great at driving on autopilot. Good for future reference, if nothing else.
It’s also a good thing there are three distinct rooms in the Sakuras’ safehouse, because Ren
doesn’t see Sojiro or Futaba immediately upon materialising out of Mementos.
Morgana pokes his head out of the bag, “…Ren?”
“Mm?”
“You good?”
Ren leans against the countertop of their kind-of-shitty kitchen. “Yeah.”

Morgana hops out of the bag, and gives Ren a very pointed look that says liar.
Ren is fine. This whole thing sucks and it stressed him out, but he’ll live. He is alive,
presently, and not being beat to shit and stuck with needles. A great turn of events. Excellent,
even. He could do that again tomorrow.
Except, he won’t be going to school tomorrow. Or again, until Shido is dealt with. That’s
fine, too. He doesn’t mind rotting at home.
Not-home. This safehouse, tucked in some overlooked corner of the red light district. This
safehouse that’s a bit mouldy and the lights flicker, and hasn’t been infused with the rich
smell of coffee and spices and probably never will.
Maybe Ren can admit he doesn’t like it here.
“…Maybe we’ll have to ask Kawakami for schoolwork.” Morgana says, after Ren doesn’t
say anything in response to his pointed look.
“Maybe.” He probably won’t need it. He’s done this before, after all. Although he never did
get to sit through those December classes. Well, not that it really made much of a difference.
Will this make much of a difference? How desperate is Shido, anyway? He wasn’t racing to
strike down the thieves in their own homes last time, and Ren was only barred from going to
school after he was declared legally dead.
Last time, Shido still had an ace up his sleeve and a paper shredder at the ready. If only
Akechi had the chance to play along a little longer. Or would that have been worse?
Ren doesn’t know. He never knows! He misses when he knew everything, or when the
curveballs were more like trials rather than insurmountable leaps.
Morgana is saying something again, and Ren isn’t paying attention. He hums absently, and
reaches up to scratch at his neck.
It’s itchy. Maddening, actually. The more he thinks about it the worse it gets. He kind of just
wants to claw all his skin off—
“Ren!” Morgana bats at his leg. “There’s someone at the door!”
That startles him to attention. First, his thoughts leap to visions of Shido’s goons and various
yakuza-shaped silhouettes, until his phone buzzes in his pocket.
Ohya: open the door kid!
Ohya: youre the one who invited me have some hospitality
Oh.
Well, at least she didn’t cause a commotion. It would be bad if she drew any attention from
the street outside— or worse, if Sojiro and Futaba came out of whatever room they’ve

claimed to find Ren spacing out in the kitchen.
“Ren!” Morgana hisses again.
“Coming, coming,” Ren mumbles, stumbling over to the front door, checking through the
peephole just to be extra sure, and unclicking the latch to let Ohya inside.
Ohya whistles as she steps through. “You guys really haven’t prettied up the place yet, have
you?”
“We’ve been busy.” Ren tells her flatly.
“And it’s only been four days!” Morgana shouts from the floor, and is promptly ignored.
“Have I ever told you how loud that damn cat of yours is?” Ohya whistles, sounding
impressed.
“Probably.”
At that, Ohya gives him a look. The look, the look that Ren is well familiar with, usually
from people generally less lackadaisical than Ohya, which means Ren must really look like
shit. “You alright there, Amamiya?” She asks.
Morgana glares at Ren, snaking around his legs. “Um.” He says, suddenly disliking the twin
intense stares directed his way. His neck starts to prickle again.
Ohya looks genuinely worried now, which might be worse. “Kid?”
“Mm?” Ren’s voice won’t break if he doesn’t open his mouth.
“Uhh.” Ohya shifts from worried to vaguely panicked, “Uh, okay, do you wanna sit down?”
Kind of. Ren nods stiffly.
“Cool. Great. Uhm, there’s…? The couch?”
There is a couch. Ren can’t remember if he was going to eventually sit down before Ohya
barged in, but it sounds like a great idea. He shuffles over, shoulders hunched and head
ducked, very firmly clenching his jaw as to not let anything escape.
There’s some clanging from the kitchen, and Ohya practically dives to put a glass of water on
the rickety coffee table.
“Um,” She says, making several aborted motions like she’s not sure if she should also sit
down. “So.”
Ren slowly picks up the water, and takes a sip.
“Bad day at school?” Ohya tries.
“You don’t know the half of it.” Morgana says, hopping up onto the coffee table.

“Huh,” Ohya says, still looking wildly out of her element, hands hovering like she wants to
pick the cat up, “Is he allowed to be on the table?”
“He can do what he wants.” Ren mumbles around his glass.
Ohya drops her hands back to her sides. “Cool. Okay. Free range cat. I guess you do keep
him in your bag, you gotta make up for it somehow.”
That’s pretty funny to think about. Ren snorts.
Ohya’s face makes it seem like the stilted levity is an oasis in the desert. “Should I do a
standup set? Will that fix…” She gestures to all of Ren, “This?”
“Can’t hurt.” Ren and Morgana say in unison. Ren almost laughs again at the small absurdity
only he can hear.
Ohya looks to be genuinely scrambling for more jokes, before she blows a raspberry. “Outta
bits, kid. Guess we’ll just have to do this the old fashioned way.”
“Which is?”
“Therapy?”
Ren grimaces. “Not a fan.”
“That sounds like something to unpack with a therapist.” Ohya tells him, “Which I am not.”
Ren takes another long sip of water. It’s a bit too cold, actually. His throat closes up. “Has
invading people’s privacy for a living not given you the gist?”
Ohya whistles, “Geez kid, I’m hardly gonna publish a story. You might be right about the
privacy thing, though.”
Ren hums. Morgana gives him a pointed look.
“There were cops at school.” Is all Ren says, which he realises a beat too late is far more
revealing than he’d like.
Ohya grimaces. “Not a fan, I take it?”
“I have a record.” Ren reminds her. They also beat him to shit and drugged him for good
measure, and the infuriating thing is that it technically didn’t happen.
Ohya clicks her tongue, “Guess that’d do it. Doesn’t help that you’re on the run.”
Ren gives her a dirty look.
She quickly waves her hands in surrender. “I get it, I get it!”
“Does she?” Morgana asks dubiously.

“But, uh,” Ohya fiddles with the sunglasses propped on her forehead, “Lala-chan doesn’t
mess around with this safehouse stuff. She only mentions it to people she trusts 100%, and no
one knows she owns these buildings here. They’re all under different names and none of
them are hers, so no one other than me is gonna be barging through your door.”
Ren hadn’t really been concerned about that, but it does weirdly help. He’d still like to talk
about anything else.
Morgana, best cat in the world that he is, prods at Ren’s knee with a paw. “Maybe tell her
about the Cleaner stuff?”
Ren puts down his glass of water. “We found the Cleaner.”
Ohya blinks, thrown, “No shit?”
“None.”
Thoroughly distracted from her bumbling attempts at therapy, Ohya’s eyes sharpen, “Well?
Spill! And fuck, Amamiya, how’d you do it? Did that gun weirdo or your ex-fed dad beat me
to the punch?”
“We beat you to the punch,” Ren says with emphasis, though technically only Sumire can
tangentially claim credit.
“Goddamn weirdo thieves.” Ohya mutters. “Stupid fucking magic.”
Ren tries for a trademark smirk. He gets about halfway there. “His name is Tsutomu
Shiraishi.”
“Never heard of ‘im!” Ohya says cheerfully.
“I think that’s the idea.” Ren tells her.
“How annoying for the rest of us.” She says, scribbling the name down on a notepad she rips
from her pocket, “Not that it matters anymore. The name is all you needed, right?”
“Well.” There’s not much of a smooth segue for this. “Not exactly.”
Ohya eyes him suspiciously.
“We need to know where he’s based.” Ren says.
“Where?” Ohya’s eyes narrow further, “You’re not plannin’ to barge down his front door, are
you?”
“His hideout.” Ren clarifies. “And not literally.”
Morgana bats at his leg again for the pun-adjacent quip. Ren carefully detaches the claw that
snags on his pants.

“Suspicious, Amamiya.” Ohya says. “Very suspicious.”
“You should be able to work better with a name, right?”
“And cold.” Ohya laughs with an edge of bitterness. “But yeah, a name’ll help. Assuming
asking questions doesn’t get me killed.”
“Don’t do that.” Ren says quickly, feeling pins again against his neck and arms.
“Joking, kid.” Ohya says, equally hasty. “I’m not stupid. I know how to conduct a proper
investigation. Best in the biz, remember?”
Best in the business, relegated to trashy magazines and paparazzi stories for asking too many
questions. Better a shitty job than dead in an alley, they both know.
Babbling, Ohya continues, “Gun weirdo’ll probably love having a name. You told him yet?”
“No, I was gonna do it today.” Ren says, “Probably should have called to see if he’s open.”
Ohya gives him a look, “You were gonna go and meet him to break the news?”
Ren gives her the same look. “…Yes?”
“…Is there something weird about that?” Morgana asks Ren. Ren gives a small enough shrug
for plausible deniability.
“Uhh…” Ohya suddenly looks awkward, “How ‘bout I go tell him? We need to work
together, anyway, so. You,” She pushes the glass closer towards him, “Finish your water. Or
something.”
Oh.
“I’m fine.” Ren says.
“Maybe you should be the comedian, Amamiya.” Ohya snorts, which does kind of sting,
“Take a nap or something.”
“I’m not a child.” Ren snaps.
“You think naps are just for toddlers?” Ohya says, mock outraged, “Wait till you’re thirty,
you’ll be able to sleep on anything for any length of time. Though by the life you lead, you’ll
probably only have to wait till you’re twenty.”
That wasn’t the point Ren was trying to make, but he can’t quite tell if that’s supposed to
signify a bright or grim future.
“Sleep is good.” Morgana chimes in, predictable little weasel that he is.
Ohya rolls her eyes at what must be a particularly sour expression on Ren’s face, “What, do
you want me to logic this at you? I kinda already did. I’ve gotta work with this guy, so it’s

more convenient for everyone if you don’t play at middleman. Take a break, kid.”
Part of Ren wants to tear through Mementos, guns blazing. Another part of him wants to fuse
with his shitty, awful mattress. He thinks if he does either one he won’t stop until someone
makes him.
Ren tries to formulate an argument for— something, anything, but Ohya barrels on before he
even gets the chance to decide on a thesis. “Well, gotta go! Text me if you need anything! Say
hi to your whacky dad for me!”
She’s out the door in a flash, and Ren is left in the living room with a half-drunk glass of
water on the coffee table.
Something like exhaustion seeps into his spine, even has his heart still jackhammers in his
chest. Maybe he won’t be able to fuse with his mattress even if he tries.
“…So, what are you gonna do?” Morgana asks, tail flicking back and forth.
Ren sighs.
“Sleep.” He concedes, and does just that right there on the couch.
***
On Saturday morning, Futaba receives two messages, which is weird for a couple of reasons.
The first, is that she’s got one apiece from Akechi and Ann. Akechi, weirdly, she texts more
than Ann in a one-on-one situation, but Akechi should be his own category of strange and
upsetting. Maybe-brothers, she reckons, are always strange and upsetting.
The second, is that they’ve both texted her about the same thing.
Panther: heyy!! sooo tl;dr ryuji kind of needs a safehouse for him and his mom?? you dont
have one spare do you??
Crow: Ren has likely already told you, but since Shujin is now under more scrutiny Ryuji
will likely have to stop attending school. He and his mother are still in danger, though, so are
the avenues you used to acquire a safehouse still available?
Well. Look at that.
Two problems. One: Futaba isn’t the one who hooked them up with this safe house. Two:
what the hell is Ryuji’s plan for his uninitiated-in-the-ways-of-thievery mom anyway?
Luckily, problem one can be pretty easily solved by bothering Sojiro, and problem two
sounds like Ryuji’s problem. Assuming his mom doesn’t make it everyone else’s problem.
Futaba smacks her phone back on her extremely uncomfortable futon, and crawls her way out
of the sheets. An arduous task; the bubble of warmth is an inviting barrier against the evergrowing cold. She’s pretty sure this place doesn’t have heating.

“Sojiroooo…” She whines as she shuffles into the other room.
“Futaba?” Sojiro responds in kind, barely looking up from the book he’s squinting at through
his glasses. Maybe he should get a stronger prescription.
Futaba, in her state of barely awake, realises that perhaps she’s not panicking about this
situation as much as a normal person should. No one’s ever accused her of being normal, but
no one’s ever accused her of being not anxious, either, so she should still probably find a way
to break this to Sojiro without giving him heart palpitations.
“Uh,” She says, “Do we have a backup safehouse?”
Sojiro’s face twists like he’s eaten a lemon, and Futaba calls that a score zero for her in terms
of phrasing.
“Not for us.” She says quickly. “For Ryuji and his mom?”
She wakes up a bit more, and realises that she skipped over an important implication in the
texts she received.
“Where the hell is Ren, anyway?” Futaba interrupts Sojiro before he can start talking.
“He skipped dinner.” Sojiro says, standing up (and woah, the sound of knees cracking really
does travel). “You didn’t see him and the cat passed out on the couch?”
Futaba did not see that, as she was busy being passed out in her room. Technically her and
Ren’s shared room, but again: too unconscious to notice the absence.
She hops into the living room, and spots Ren face down on one of the couch pillows, Mona
curled up on top. She leans over the side, jabbing Mona to wake him up.
“Hey!” Mona yowls, sounding barely intelligible as he falls to the floor.
“Wake up, kitty!” Futaba snickers, “We’ve got a problem.”
“We always have a problem!”
“He’s got a point.” Sojiro chimes in, as he joins Futaba in standing over the couch.
Futaba grabs the pillow from under Ren’s head, and gives him a solid whack. “Wake up!”
Ren makes a garbled noise, arms twitching from shock. He slowly turns his head, and blinks
blearily up at Futaba and Sojiro.
“S’dinner?” He mumbles.
“More like breakfast.” Sojiro snorts.
Ren doesn’t really react. “Oh.”
“You should probably eat something.” Morgana suggests. “I’m starving, too.”

Ren hums vaguely, rubbing at his eyes.
“What’s up with Shujin?” Futaba asks, and Ren pauses in his very slow waking-up ritual.
“Oh, uh…” Morgana’s ears flatten against his head.
“…Don’t you have school today?” Sojiro asks from where he’s wandered over to the kitchen.
“Can’t go.” Ren says flatly.
“There were a bunch of cops doing interviews.” Morgana rushes to elaborate. “They’re
definitely suspicious of Joker.”
“Probably.” Ren adds.
“Definitely.”
“So we’re not going back.” Ren finishes.
Well, that explains it. Jeez, maybe Futaba shouldn’t have passed out so early yesterday, and
she wouldn’t be finding this out a day later than her two alarming texts expected her to.
“Okay.” Futaba says, and Sojiro sighs. “Great.” Terrible, actually.
“That explains why the other kid needs somewhere safe, at least.” Sojiro mutters as he cracks
some eggs into a pan.
Ren jolts, sitting up properly in a flash. “Who?”
“Ryuji.” Futaba tells him, “He and his mom would be kinda screwed if the cops know he’s
one of us.”
“Right.” Ren blinks rapidly— is he still waking up? Must have been one hell of a nap.
“Right, shit. Okay. Um?” He looks towards Sojiro, a bit desperately.
“Your other contact had a place for us lined up, just in case.” Sojiro says, far calmer than Ren
and far calmer than Futaba would be were she not still in the process of booting up all her
systems. Power comas will do that. It’ll hit her in an hour, probably. It seems to be hitting
Ren right now.
“Iwai does?” Morgana asks, flicking his tail as he slinks over to the kitchen. Probably looking
for something to eat, greedy cat. “Great! That’s easy then.”
“It is.” Sojiro agrees, not looking up from cooking breakfast.
Well.
Her phone buzzes in her pocket.
Ann: any updates?? :>

Futaba checks the timestamp on the first message, and— yep.
Futaba: its been literally an hour
Ann: sooooo?
Well, she does have a point there. Better Ann bothering her than Akechi bothering her,
Futaba supposes.
Futaba: mr gun man has a place for us
Ann: oh!!! great ill tell ryuji right away
Futaba: are you also skipping school?
Ann: no im hiding my phone from ms kawakami
“Kawakami can probably tell.” Ren comments, reading the messages from over Futaba’s
shoulder.
Futaba snorts. “Well, lets just hope the cops don’t confiscate her phone.”
Ren hums shortly.
Futaba puts her phone away, and gives him a look. “What’s up?”
Ren blinks. “Hm? Nothing.”
The rest of Futaba’s systems are starting to boot up— properly, this time. Don’t collapse and
die is an as-soon-as-she-wakes-up type of thing. Talk good was second, still hammering out
some bugs. Remember how people work is solidly pretty low priority (not by her own
choice), but she’s beginning to remember that collapsing on the couch instead of his perfectly
usable bed and not eating dinner isn’t normal Ren behaviour. Or normal people behaviour,
herself notwithstanding.
Morgana seems pretty tense, too. Which, arguably, is normal for him. But not like this.
Futaba does, in fact, know how to read context clues.
She just isn’t sure what to do with them. She very suddenly kind of hates this. Her chest feels
a bit tight.
Which is stupid, because this was fine two seconds ago. Ren barely seems upset, and here she
is, panicking over nothing maybe. Is she supposed to sit him down and demand what’s
wrong? Does she do something subtle? Will he hate her forever if she just ignores his weird
mood and hides in a corner to play video games?
“So.” Futaba eventually says, jamming her hands behind her back in case they do anything
ridiculous, like start to shake, “What are we gonna do?”
“About?” Ren asks.

“Uh,” Futaba scoffs. “Everything.”
Ren hums, still just that slight bit off.
Futaba continues, “Ryuji’s all good now, but what happens if they catch onto Ann?”
Ren doesn’t hum, this time. Just stares.
“Sorry.” Futaba backpedals immediately. “Sorry, that’s— this is bad.”
Futaba thinks she’s fully awake, now that she’s feeling exactly how bad all of this is.
“Is Haru gonna start staying home too?” She asks, “What about Sumire?”
“I didn’t ask.” Ren tells her.
“Well, I’m gonna.” Futaba mutters, whipping out her phone again.
Oracle: soooo count off, whos stuck home?
Queen: You already know about me.
Skull: yup
Crow: Accounted for.
Oracle: ren and mona are stuck here too
Oracle: what about haru and sumi?
Violet: I’m still at school!
Violet: I don’t think I’m in too much danger right now
Noir: Likewise
Noir: If that changes I’ll let everyone know
Fox: is there something wrong at Shujin?
Maybe they should all get better at cluing each other in when things happen. She sees Ryuji
take initiative to start filling Inari in, and takes that as her cue to stop paying attention.
“How is it?” Ren asks, not bothering to look over her shoulder this time.
Futaba shrugs. “Just you and Ryuji are staying home, I guess. For now.”
“Better than everyone.” Ren says.
Futaba shrugs again. She guesses that’s true. “Welcome to the stay-home club.”

“I’ve already been a member.” Ren says, under his breath.
“Huh?”
“Last time.” Ren swallows. “After our big plan to dodge Crow.”
“Oh.” She says. “Right.”
She forgot.
Figures this has something to do with Akechi. Or maybe it doesn’t? His involvement could
be purely tangential. Futaba still counts that as being his fault, though, because it feels like
everything is his fault somehow.
“I don’t mind not going to school.” Ren says.
The fact that he voiced it at all makes Futaba immediately suspicious. “Yeah?”
“Uh huh.” Ren voices.
“Uh huh.” Futaba repeats.
Liar.
Futaba traces the path they all took to get here, and tries to find a better one with hindsight.
Ironic, she knows.
Ren having to go into hiding is nothing new. Maybe the fact it’s happened twice is what’s
weighing on him. Futaba doesn’t think that they can’t change anything— they have changed
things, plenty, whether by accident or careful (haphazard) planning. Though she gets the
feeling that would feel a lot less monumental if she were the one having to live through all
the same stuff twice.
Everyone else having to go into hiding is a new one. As a member of the only-one-perceivedtimeline crowd, Futaba has no idea how they managed to dodge this the first go around. She’s
a little worried the answer to that is Akechi, which would be wildly confusing and infuriating
for a multitude of reasons.
She’s starting to feel like this timeline just kind of sucks. Absolutely terrible. She wants to
crawl back into her room, her real room, and curse the names of the people who fucked this
up. Count on the universe to give the one girl who didn’t know what she was doing a second
chance. Count on the universe to do it for the sake of guy who killed her mom.
Ah, well, there’s the slight uptick, she guesses. Akechi isn’t dead. Whoop-de-doo. Good for
him.
Would Futaba have ever found out that Akechi’s her brother, (maybe, maybe, she cannot be
thinking about this like it’s a done deal,) last time? Did she find out, and just never told
anyone? It probably would have had to have been after he died, if she did. If she ever could
have, it would have been after he was already gone.

Maybe both the timelines suck. It tracks that no matter what, her mom isn’t the one who gets
to have a time-travelled second chance at life. Even Haru’s dad managed to get out of this
alive. She’s starting to wonder if the cosmic joke is on her.
Well, she thinks, giving Ren yet another look, it’s not like she’s the only one getting laughed
at.
“Oh,” Ren says, “By the way, Ohya and Iwai should be searching for where the Cleaner’s
holed up by now.”
“Huh.” Futaba remarks, because you really do miss a lot when you pass out for twelve
consecutive hours, “Hope they’re quick.”
“Yeah.”
They’d better be quick. If this was all for nothing Futaba is going to be very upset.
She can smell the eggs coming along in the kitchen.
Privately, she gives up on figuring out what’s wrong with Ren. She can barely figure out
what’s wrong with herself.
“Breakfast’s ready, I think.” She mumbles. Maybe she’ll drag him into playing some retro
games. Terrible days get better when you do literally anything else.
Ren does perk up slightly at the mention of food. “Nice.”
It is nice. Breakfast also tends to make things better. Futaba notes this for later.
***
An interlude, from a time indeterminate:
There is a man who sits at the top of a tree, and crafts paper dolls.
He makes them from reference. Life-like, perfect mirrors of reality. He folds the paper just so,
creases it with precision, and not a soul can distinguish them.
Often, his reference will have jagged edges. Razor blades extended to slash and cut, to make
paper ribbons or to spill blood and crack bone. He tucks the edges away, carefully, to let his
dolls fit in. No one will mind, he thinks. It’s better this way.
His dolls are perfect. He sets them down among the clay people, smiling as they slide right
back in. No one ever realises that the original was gone for even a moment.
The first doll he made sliced open his hand.
It was a small thing, barely a papercut. But as he tried again to fold in the edges, the doll
leapt out of his hands, smeared with clay, and was lost.

Well, there wasn’t much he could do about that. A first draft, there’s a learning curve for
everything. The next doll he made did no such thing, and none thereafter.
He tried to put it out of his mind. An impossible task; he made that doll for someone special,
after all. He saw the doll dash past the base of his tree, the clay boy he made it for grinning
with delight, and frowned. It’s good he likes it, of course, but he worries about those jagged
edges.
He’ll smooth them down later. He’ll pick out the kiln-fired shards from the boy too, while he’s
at it. They’ll both be happier for it.
One day, the first doll comes to kill him.
The man isn’t entirely sure how to react. He could simply crush the paper in his hands and be
done with it, but it feels cruel to damage something he made with such care. He folds it in
half instead, and tucks it in his pocket. He’ll fix it later— he has so many more dolls to craft.
The man at the top of his tree—
There is no tree.
But there is snow. The kind one finds on a crisp February morning.
But there is steel. The kind one finds twisted in knots.
But there are nerves, and veins, and wires, all pulsing and beating in mockery of a heart.
There is a tree.
And there is a torch,
Takuto wakes up.
What a strange dream, he thinks, and goes back to sleep.
The tree keeps growing.

Chapter End Notes

Why hello! my poor habits continue, and i seem to have forgotten to respond to last
chapter's comments yet again. hopefully i'll rectify this not too long after this chapter
goes up LMAO
in other news, it's somewhat irrelevant but ultimately entertaining news to say that i've
fallen back into Rain World hell. unsurprisingly, Five Pebbles has rotted my brain

(there's a joke to be made here), and upon reinspection of his dialogue, i can sigh and
confidently say "close enough, welcome back Goro Akechi (calculator edition)"
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! ah ha! the chariot once more
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 5
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Maruki: what a strange dream! anyway
Shadow Maruki, cheerfully patting down some fertiliser and giving a thumbs up: :)

Chapter 104
Chapter Summary

hopsctoch, of the distinctly more dangerous variety.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It turns out, camping out behind a dumpster is a really shitty place to be.
Ohya supposes misery loves company. Misery loves company slightly less when it’s shared
with a gruff gun weirdo that she barely knows even in a professional context. Misery loves
company slightly more when it’s shared with someone who also has a vested interest in
helping out a certain kid in over his head.
“So…” Ohya says, fiddling with her camera lens.
“Quiet.” Iwai grunts, doing an admittedly excellent job of peering inconspicuously over the
dumpster every once in a while.
Being inconspicuous is, in many respects, the foundation of Ohya’s job. Doesn’t mean she’s
great at it, unfortunately. Her best strengths come with her myriad connections and being
more persistent than the average dog gunning for a bone. She’ll still stick around for the
inconspicuous part, though.
Her other greatest strength is talking someone’s ear off until they cough up something
interesting.
“Talked with the kid much?” Ohya asks, conversational.
“You’re the one who had to contact me, what do you think?” Iwai snaps back, apparently
forgetting his own vow of silence.
“Hey, the kid looked rough.” Ohya waves a hand. “Besides, he’s a wanted man. You want
him to risk trekking all the way to your dingy back-alley shop? Weirdo teleporting aside.”
Iwai turns to give her a look, “Weirdo what now?”
Oh. Oops. Tight lips are only selectively one of her great strengths. She guesses Amamiya
hasn’t shown that particular stunt to Iwai just yet. Ohya shrugs, trying to play it off, “They
call him a Phantom Thief, but he’s more like a ninja if you ask me. Just showing up places
and scaring the living daylights out of everyone.”

“Guess he’s pretty light on his feet.” Iwai comments, losing interest.
After a moment, he adds, “Did get a call from the ex-fed, though.”
Ohya is glad that the two of them have independently decided to refer to Sakura near
exclusively as such. “Oh ho! And what did he spill?”
“Nothin’ that helps us, before you get excited.” Iwai grunts. “Just to ask if I had a place for
some other kid and his mom to set up shop.”
Ohya grimaces, “Apparently the cops are startin’ to get antsy, so I’m not surprised that a
couple of the other kids need to get outta there.”
“Yeah.” Iwai agrees. “It’s a good place, so they’ll be fine. I might have to do grocery
shopping for them or some shit, which I’m less thrilled about.”
“Oh, you’ll live.” Ohya rolls her eyes.
Iwai rolls his right back. “The more I go back and forth the more chances someone has to
connect the place to me.”
Oh. That too. “Maybe Amamiya or whatever kid you’re setting up can help you out there.”
She says, vague. Their whacky teleportation really does have infinite uses.
“Shut up.” Iwai hisses suddenly, and Ohya does just that.
She hears the sound of two sets of footprints walking past the alley they’re camped in. Two
men, chatting.
“—s her name?”
“You think I write that shit down?”
“Ah, you’re no help.”
“You tryna steal her from me?”
Some laughter. “Yours? She’s paid to like you! Don’t let the boss hear how you’re wastin’
your paycheck.”
“It ain’t his business after…” the voices fade as they wander past.
The two of them sit in silence for a few tense beats. Ohya fiddles again with the settings on
her camera, for want of something to do.
Photography was never her exact speciality. She’s the writer, the interviewer, she doesn’t
really have an eye for this stuff, even if she can get by. This camera isn’t even hers.
There’s some unresolved righteous fury that causes her fingers to tighten in their grip. She
could probably find Kayo right now, if she wanted. Whatever it was that Amamiya did, it got

the chief off her ass and solidly in her pocket.
She’s been busy. Busy doing fuck all, that is. There’s about nothing she’s been able to
contribute to the thieves search, and even now she’s just playing along with Mister Gun
Weirdo’s own leads. If she wants to be entirely honest with herself, she’s had all the time in
the world.
She’s just a coward.
What does it even look like when someone survives a mental shutdown?
“If you’ve got your head in the clouds, you might miss something.” Iwai grumbles.
Ohya snorts, “Miss what?”
Iwai shrugs, “Tattoos, maybe. You never know.”
Ohya begrudgingly fixes the settings she was fiddling with. Even if they’re only camping
outside Iwai’s old haunts for someone who might be willing to spill info, it’s a fair enough
point.
“…How’s the shop going?” She fishes for more small talk as she joins Iwai in standing. She
kinda forgot how bad she is at letting silence sit. A blessing and a curse, in most cases.
“Same way it always is.” Iwai mutters, keeping his voice low, “Got a couple a’ repeat
customers. Enthusiast types. The occasional dumbass that I have to kick out. The occasional
cop that I also have to kick out, but nicer.”
Ohya snickers. It’s a good image.
“Kid hasn’t swung by in a while, except to fill me in on all this mess, so I guess he’s got all
the stuff he needs.” Iwai adds.
“Huh.” Ohya hums. “…What the hell can he even do with fake guns?”
“Beats me.”
Privately, Ohya decides to file this under Magic Bullshit. Seems like a good call.
“So,” She says, “Are we just gonna stand behind the dumpster all day or are you gonna work
your magic?”
“I’m lookin’ for a mark.” Iwai snaps back.
“Well you’ve been lookin’ for three hours.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Iwai mutters. He suddenly holds up a hand, “Hold on.”
“Found someone?” Ohya doesn’t dare peek over the top of their hiding place.
“Maybe.” Iwai whispers back. “Probably. Saw someone I remember.”

Ohya raises an eyebrow. “That a good or a bad thing?”
“Let’s find out.” He cracks his neck, and steps out past the dumpster and out of the alley.
“Well, look who it is? You’re a sight for sore eyes.”
Whoever it is Iwai’s spotted, they sound a bit younger than the usual fare of yakuza goons.
Twenty-something, Ohya guesses. “Iwai? Hey, it is you! The hell’re you doing here?”
“Just in the area.” Iwai says, and Ohya scrambles to whip a notepad and pen out of her
pockets.
“Thought you quit the business?”
“Thought you were too young to be in it.”
“Hey now, I’m a grown man!”
Iwai’s disbelieving snort is audible even from Ohya’s hiding spot. Maybe she should learn to
mimic it. Seems like the sort of thing that would win any argument immediately. “Everyone
under thirty looks like babies when you're my age.”
“You aren’t even fifty yet.”
“I’m gettin’ there.”
Ohya has to clamp a hand over her mouth. She didn’t foresee unwanted laughter to be one of
the hurdles she’d have to leap, but apparently the gun weirdo can be funny when he wants to.
“Yeah, yeah.” The twenty-something says. “Anyway, you got business with the boss or
somethin’?”
“Nah, course not.” Iwai brushes him off, “Parted amicably.”
“Whatever you say…”
“I do like to keep an ear to the ground, though.” He continues. “Hear what’s what. Some
folks haven’t got the message that I’m not in the business anymore, and I like to know who’s
knocking at my door.”
“If there’s other families bothering you, I’m sure the boss can—”
“None of that.” Iwai interrupts, “I’m really just lookin’ for a lead. I can clean up my own
mess.”
“Someone mentioned you and Tsuda were getting into it.”
“Tsuda learned to back off.”
“Alright, alright.” The twenty-something says, placating. “Not a fan a’ gossip.”
“Never have been.”

“Fair enough. Well, what can I do ya for?”
It’s a good thing the kid-kind-of-too-old-to-be-a-kid is stupid enough to let this conversation
happen right out here in the open, Ohya muses. Nice to have her ears trained in on the whole
thing.
“Know anything about the Shiraishi family?” Iwai finally asks.
“Shiraishi…” the twenty-something mutters.
“Ever heard of ‘em at all?”
“…I have.” Is the eventual answer. “They keep to themselves, enough that I only really
started hearing about them recently.”
“Been making waves, have they?” Iwai asks.
“Eh, nah. Just makin’ themselves known. Word is their boss is getting bored sticking to the
shadows.”
“Probably something like that.” Iwai agrees.
“So they’ve been bothering you?”
“Not really.” Iwai dismisses. “Just nosing where it ain’t their business. You know where I can
chat with ‘em?”
There’s a pause. Ohya hovers her hand over her notepad with her pen expectantly.
“…You sure you wanna talk to ‘em alone? I’ve heard they only start shit with people who get
in their way.”
“Well,” Iwai says, “I just wanna make it clear exactly how not in their way I am.”
“…I’ll ask around.”
“Thanks, kid. Be in touch.”
Well, isn’t that something?
***
Things Ryuji assumed he was getting into, joining the Phantom Thieves:
One: Kicking ass, taking names. Shredding through Kamoshida’s palace was awesome in
every sense of the word, minus the parts where Kamoshida himself sucked.
Two: Maybe dodging the cops. Ryuji was pretty sure what they were doing wasn’t technically
legal, and that became extra obvious when Akechi stood up on live TV and gave his whole
spiel.

Three: Probably hiding this from his mom, forever.
Things Ryuji did not assume he was getting into, joining the Phantom thieves.
One: Time travel.
Two: Dodging the cops, badly.
Three: Definitely not hiding this from his mom. He’s going to have to stop hiding it from her
right now, in fact.
He’s actually already packed up his room. Crammed everything in boxes and bags. He was
gonna have to do it anyway, so why not sooner rather than later?
He’s also using it as a way to avoid talking to his mom. Sue him. Or, don’t, since that’s how
Ren got into this mess, and as much as Ryuji’s life kinda sucks right now, he still doesn’t
envy Ren’s.
“Ryuji!” His mom shouts from the other room, “Dinner!”
“Yeah, got it!” He shouts back, voice crack and all. It feels like it’s probably a bad omen.
He should bring it up over dinner. Right? It’ll be fine. …Right? Yes. Yes it will. His mom is,
without question, the best person ever, which really only adds to the pressure of Ryuji
absolutely not wanting to tell her about how his stupid vigilante stunts have uprooted their
life. Or will uproot their life. Definitely will, as quickly as they can be packed and ready to
go.
He scoots out of his room, with the same amount of dignity as a man marching to his absurd
and easily avoidable death, and takes his usual seat at the table.
“Okonomiyaki.” His mom declares, shifting the food onto his plate. It looks damn good, as
normal.
Ryuji shoves some into his mouth before his mom even gets the chance to sit down, just to
postpone his demise a little longer. The vaguely more responsibility-oriented part of his brain
internally thwacks him over the head for this.
“You didn’t go to school yesterday.” His mom says, as soon as she sits opposite him.
Ryuji chokes on his food. Oh, shit.
“And the school phoned me to say you skipped your afternoon classes on Friday.” She
continues.
There’s probably a lesson to be learned here about putting off important things. Ryuji will not
internalise it.
They actually almost already had this conversation, yesterday, when his mom told him he
was going to be late if he didn’t get his ass in gear, and Ryuji had replied “not goin’” with a

poor excuse for finality.
His mom must have heard something in his voice, because she let it go. Sucks that isn’t going
to work for more than one day.
“Um.” Ryuji coughs.
“I just—” his mom sighs, “I thought things were going better at school. You said you and that
girl Ann were getting along again, and— what was your new friend’s name?”
“Ren.”
“Ren. And that other boy? The one that came around for dinner once?”
“Yusuke.”
“Him! And didn’t you even say you were friends with the student council president?”
“Uh. Yeah.” Ryuji debates shovelling some more food into his mouth.
“That’s great!” His mom exclaims, the way she did the first time she heard this information.
“So what’s happening?
“I’m a Phantom Thief.” He blurts.
His mom stares at him.
Well, she did give him the perfect setup.
***
It’s not too weird for Ann to get a call from Ryuji, but it is pretty weird for him to start it with
“I think it went fine?” with no build-up or lead-in.
“Uh.” Is all she can think to say in response. On the floor, sitting on her futon, Makoto gives
her a strange look.
“Wrong number?” Makoto guesses, face serious in the way that probably means she’s
somehow twisted wrong number into a series of highly specific circumstances that mean the
apartment is compromised and the world is ending.
“No.” Ann says. Makoto’s expression darkens further. “It’s Ryuji.” Her expression
immediately un-darkens, into something resembling disappointment.
“Oh, hey, is that Makoto? Sick.”
“Yup.” Ann turns her attention back to the phone. After a second, she scrambles to put it on
speakerphone. “Uhhhh what’s up?”
“The sky.” Ryuji says.

Ann waits. Makoto also waits.
“Tough crowd.”
“Bad joke.” Ann counters. “But seriously, you gonna spill, or…?”
“Right. Yeah.” Ryuji mutters, “So, uh, I told my mom. About everything.”
Makoto winces, and Ann is glad she briefed her in advance about the whole situation at
school. “Oh!” Ann exclaims, “So it went well?”
“Well…”
“It went… pretty okay…?”
“Yeah, let’s go with that.”
“Did she even believe you?” Makoto asks.
“Uh, not at first.” Ryuji says, “Which I gotta be honest, it’s kinda surprising that she didn’t
already know.”
“Well I suppose you weren’t loudly proclaiming it in your own house.” Makoto says drily.
“Yeah, yeah. You don’t get to talk, stalker.”
Makoto pouts, which is a rare enough sight that Ann almost bursts out laughing.
Instead, she contains her giggles behind a strained smile. “How’d you convince her?”
“Metaverse.”
Ann whistles. “That’d do it.”
“Almost gave her a heart attack, I think.”
“That’d also do it.” Makoto agrees. “Are you ready to move out?”
There’s a sigh, “Yeah, I guess. Mom’s been packing. I should probably help her out,
actually.”
“Probably.” Ann agrees.
“Mm.”
There’s a distinct lack of movement or hanging-up sounds on the other end of the line.
“So you get to skip school…!” Ann tries to say cheerfully.
“Uh huh.” Ryuji says, as unenthusiastically as Ann thought he’d never be about the concept.

“I know it sucks.” Ann says, commiserating.
“I’m guessin’ you didn’t have to pack up and skip too?” Ryuji asks, “Yesterday?”
Ann tugs at her hair, a bit nervous at the thought, “Nah, not yet. They weren’t questioning
anyone yesterday, but they were still around.”
“Huh.”
“I suppose you’ll have to keep up with your studies in the meantime.” Makoto says.
“I guess.” Ryuji says, miserably.
A pause.
“Akechi and I sometimes study together.” Makoto says, and Ann graciously decides not to
mention that they haven’t done that since they’ve been at each other’s throats. “You could
come join us sometime, if you’d like.”
“You guys’re doing third year stuff, though?”
“Oh!” Ann quickly jumps in, “I can ask Ms. Kawakami for extra material! She’s probably
already set some stuff aside for Ren, so I can just ask her to make double.”
“…Really?”
“Uh, it’d take me like ten minutes to get you stuff, tops, so, yeah?”
“Oh.” Ryuji says, “Uh— thanks. Thank you.”
Another pause.
“Never thought I’d be glad to have homework.” Ryuji comments, sounding a bit more
upbeat.
Ann snorts, “I wasn’t gonna say it.”
Makoto chuckles, “Nor was I, but you can be sure that I’ll be more than happy to help teach
you the material, Ryuji. Akechi will, too.”
“No he won’t?”
“He will be.” Makoto says again, very sternly. Ann preemptively feels sorry for Akechi.
***
It’s a rare occasion that Sumire feels she’s slipped under the radar. Whether it be the spotlight
or the regular gossip mills, she’s found herself the unfortunate centre of attention these past
two-one years.

But the police stalking the Shujin perimeter and its student council room hardly seem to care
she exists at all. She hasn’t even been called in for questioning, as many of her distinctly
unsuspicious classmates have.
“I heard Sakamoto and Amamiya weren’t at school on Saturday!” She hears one student
whisper.
“Really?! Are they here today…?”
“Haven’t seen ‘em!”
Sumire really wishes they would stop talking. If not for Ren and Ryuji’s sake, then for the
sake of not drawing any more attention from the prying ears of officers, their exact pool of
knowledge unclear.
Sumire certainly doesn’t want to draw any more attention to herself, either. She doesn’t know
what she’d do if she had to pack up and run. Hide in Mementos, maybe? But she’s got two
parents, a scholarship, and a gymnastics career she ought to be thinking about, sputtering its
last breaths or no.
A little dramatic. Ella chides. Sumire supposes she agrees. Once the year is gone she can
always regain her momentum. Maybe. Potentially.
It’s always the second priority.
She should find something to pass the school day that isn’t just wallowing.
Speaking with Haru tends to make her feel better. This was closer to an absolute truth earlier
in the year, but it’s hardly Haru’s fault that everything to do with the thieves is so turbulent
that it seeps into what remains of their normal lives, too.
Well, usually it’s not her fault.
That aside, Sumire begins climbing the stairs to the roof to track her down. If there’s anything
about Haru that will never change, she thinks, it’s that little garden of hers.
(It would have changed, had they not been caught in a year long stasis. Sumire suspects that
Haru will find some other small garden to dote on once she graduates, though, if not a larger
one.)
Sumire has her hand on the doorknob to the roof when she jumps about three feet in the air as
someone calls out to her.
“Are you allowed to go up there?”
Sumire does not shriek, “Um!” She whirls around, and sees a— detective? He’s got the
police badge, but no uniform— standing, lackadaisical below her on the stairs. “I’m part of
gardening club.”
He just looks confused at that.

“The garden’s on the roof.” She stumbles over herself to elaborate.
“Ah, gotcha.” The detective clicks his tongue. “Might I ask for your name? I don’t believe
I’ve had the pleasure of interviewing you yet.”
“Oh, no I, um.” Sumire swallows. She’s bad at this. Why is she bad at this? “I haven’t been
called in yet. I’m Yoshizawa.”
“Yoshizawa…” The detective mutters, and smiles with recognition, “The gymnastics honours
student, right?”
“Mm.”
“Hey, good luck with that.”
“Thank you.” Sumire says tightly.
“And sorry, for your loss.”
Oh. Sumire feels her chest spasm with sudden tightness, before she can’t really decide what
to feel at all. She can’t really decide what to say, either.
Are police allowed to know that? To bring that up? Who is she kidding, of course they’re
allowed. The conspicuously crossed-out row above her name on the class roll is apparently
enough to make an impression.
“I’ll let you get back to gardening.” The detective gives a wave, “Don’t stress too hard when
you get called in for questioning, hey? It’ll just be a short chat.”
Sumire nods numbly, and waits for him to disappear completely out of sight before spinning
on her heel to rip the door to the roof open. She slams it shut behind her, collapsing against it
and sliding to the ground.
“…Sumi-chan?” Haru’s voice wafts from the direction of the planters.
“Mmpf.” Sumire grunts into her knees. She can’t find the willpower to look up before she
hears Haru’s shoes gently tapping towards her, taking her own seat against the door.
“I think I heard some talking.” She says mildly. “Was someone bothering you?”
“One of the police officers. The detective, I think.” Sumire admits, peeling her face off of her
legs.
Haru hums, in a way that suggests that explains it all. Sumire feels her chest loosen slightly.
“They are a bit unsettling, aren’t they? Did he say anything in particular?”
Did he. “Not related to the thieves.”
“Well, that’s good then.” Haru leverages herself off the ground, dusting off her skirt and
stockings. “Do you want to help me? I’ve got some weeding to do. I’ve been neglecting the

poor seedlings of late, I’m afraid.”
“That’s what I came here for.” Sumire laughs weakly, taking Haru’s offered hand to haul
herself up.
Haru tosses her some gloves, and gestures to the growing pile of weeds on the concrete that
she’s already excavated as the toss pile, and they get to work.
Sumire doesn’t mind silence too much. But right now, she’d prefer some chatter. “I don’t
know why they scare me so much.” She says.
“They are rather dangerous.” Haru says in a low voice. “It’s not just the threat of arrest that’s
looming, either.”
No, the threat is far worse. Though maybe that’s always been the case, and it’s only now,
tangled in the heart of it all, that Sumire gets a front row seat to exactly what that means.
“They don’t even seem that suspicious of me.” She grumbles to herself, ripping out a weed
with extra force, “I’m painting a target on my back acting like this.”
“If they don’t consider you a suspect, then you’ll seem like any other nervous teen.” Haru
smoothly counters, “They don’t have any other frame of reference to compare you to.”
“He knew me by name.” Sumire says.
“Well, you are an honours student.” Haru points out, “I suspect they’d know Makoto-san’s
name too, even if she wasn’t an active person of interest.”
Haru really is very calm about all this. Annoyingly so. Sumire knows better than most that
she isn’t as put-together as she appears, but the facade is an excellent one, she has to concede.
“I’m surprised you haven’t decided to follow in Ren-senpai and Ryuji-senpai’s footsteps.”
Sumire comments, idly tugging another weed out of the soil.
Haru hums, her attention focused on the planters. “I considered it.” She says after a moment.
“But even though I admit my interview was somewhat concerning, I believe I’d be
significantly harder to get rid of than most of our friends.”
A fair point. Sumire tilts her head, “I guess you have…” she pauses. “Bodyguards?”
Haru giggles, “I suppose I could hire some, yes. But I’m mostly referring to the optics. My
father has just gone insane.” She says, conversationally, “If I were to mysteriously vanish so
soon after, it would raise some questions. I suppose they could just murder me in the way that
was done to the SIU director, but I’m of the belief it might be more trouble than it’s worth.”
Sumire dearly hopes her belief is correct, because this seems like a dangerous game to play.
All of this is dangerous, though. It didn’t stop Sumire when this started and she’s not going to
let it stop her now, either.

It would be rather sad to give up, so close to the end. Ella muses in agreement, and Sumire
can hear the hum of bells and ticking clocks ringing in her ear.
She hesitates to call this close to the end, but she couldn’t agree more.
***
One of these days, Akechi is going to properly assess the potential obstacles they may
encounter in the future and deal with them in advance, before they’re all stuck with the
waiting game once again.
He used to be quite good at doing that. He’d gotten into the rhythm of what Shido would
want when, and would clear requests in large batches, do schoolwork ahead of time, come to
interviews with his makeup already done, the works. An infinite shame that it’s so much
harder to work against Shido than for him.
The grass is always greener. Robin comments. Akechi ignores him, as he usually does.
Mementos remains as a wonderful place to clear his head. He could never tell if this place
made things better or worse, months ago, but that was before he had the free time to
aimlessly wander the surface. Tokyo minus the entire population is quite the place to be.
“I suppose you did imply you come here recreationally.” Kitagawa says.
Akechi supposes he should have expected Kitagawa to do the same, after their last encounter.
His lip still curls with annoyance. His kingdom for people to leave him alone.
“I get bored.” Akechi tells him, not turning to look. “Unless I feel like bothering any of my
current housemates, or like provoking Shido and the police into trying to arrest me again, this
is the only place to go.”
“I’m more surprised you don’t spend your time down in the tunnels.” Kitagawa comments,
not sounding particularly judgemental. Akechi still bristles.
Though— damn, he could be doing that, couldn’t he? Has he seriously conditioned himself
into a compromise with Ren even without the initial reason of his being injured still in place?
“…Have I annoyed you?” Kitagawa hazards, sounding vaguely bemused.
“Not you. Ren.” Akechi grits, marching forward with increased fervour.
“Ah. What for?”
“Existing.”
“Well, that’s hardly new.” Kitagawa manages to match his pace, to Akechi’s continued
annoyance. “I wouldn’t mind exploring the upper tunnels with you, if you wished to let off
some of your anger.”

“I’ll consider it.” Akechi says. He can’t tell who he’s supposed to be being contrarian
towards, at this point.
Kitagawa just hums, seemingly content enough with that answer.
“…Are you seriously just going to follow me around all day?” Akechi snaps.
Kitagawa startles, “Oh. Well, yes.”
Akechi should have expected that.
“Unless you want me to leave?” Kitagawa adds.
Something of the twins’ monologue echoes in Akechi’s head.
Oh, for fuck’s sake.
“Do what you want.” Akechi says.
COWARD.
Indecisive.
One of these days, Akechi is going to find a way to kill personas.
“I will.” Kitagawa says, “In fact, I do have some more questions for you.”
“About.”
“Maruki’s palace. The aesthetics, I mean.”
Akechi sighs. “Of course.”
“Meaning you’ll answer my questions?”
“Meaning I’m not surprised.”
Kitagawa frowns. “Ah.” A pause. “Will you still answer my questions?”
Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose. “Fine.” He’ll bite. “Ask away.”
“Excellent.” Kitagawa smiles. “First, I’m curious as to—”
Akechi does answer Kitagawa’s questions, though he does his best to tune him out. The less
time spent thinking about Maruki’s palace and the man himself the better.
Kitagawa cuts himself off at some point, “Are you truly listening?”
“No.” Akechi admits.

Kitagawa makes a face as close to a pout that Akechi’s ever seen him make. “You can say so
if you find this uninteresting.”
“I’m afraid I’ve never cared much for aesthetics in the same way you do.” Akechi says. “And
I care for anything relating to Maruki even less.”
“I see.” Kitagawa frowns, “Well, then I suppose that I should apologise for asking similar
questions about his reality the other day.”
“It’s fine.” Akechi tells him, “If I didn’t want to answer, I wouldn’t have.”
Akechi frowns to himself the moment he says it.
“Then I retract my apology.” Kitagawa says.
“Do what you want.” Akechi echoes through grit teeth.
“Hm.”
“What?”
“We can still go to Mementos proper if you wish.” Kitagawa says.
Akechi scowls, “Is this your way of saying you want to go to Mementos?”
“I don’t particularly mind either way.” Kitagawa admits, “But you do seem bothered by
something.”
“And you think violence will cheer me up?”
“Is that not true?”
Annoyingly, it is.
“Well?” Kitagawa prompts, having taken his silence as an affirmative, “Shall we go?”
Akechi works his jaw. “No.” He decides, “The surface is fine.”
Kitagawa nods, “So it is.”
Maybe Akechi should have just rotted away on his bed and stared at the ceiling all day.
“It’s odd.” Kitagawa says after a while, “Despite being directly linked to one of the earliest
changes of heart, I feel I’m under the least suspicion.”
“You’re lucky.” Akechi comments. “If you went to Shujin you’d have to be on the run like
the rest of us.”
“Ann hasn’t had to leave yet.”
Luck again. “I’d say it’s only a matter of time.”

Kitagawa hums. “Perhaps you shouldn’t say so.”
“Are you superstitious, Kitagawa?”
Kitagawa shrugs. “Taking a gamble on such things feels like a poor idea, at this time.” He
pauses, “And please, call me Yusuke.”
Does that make all the thieves that he’s been dragged into given name basis with? Maybe he
should start calling Ren ‘Amamiya’ again just to balance the scales.
He probably won’t do that.
“Nevertheless.” Akechi continues, “It’s hardly gambling when it’s a probable fact.”
“Is that not an oxymoron?”
If you squint, he supposes, but his point stands. “Saying something aloud doesn’t change
whether it will or won’t happen.”
“…There are perhaps some circumstances where this is not true—”
“In this instance, Yusuke,” Akechi snaps, “Saying that Ann is likely to come under suspicion
will not make the situation worse.”
“Ah, true enough.” Yusuke relents, “Considering it still unsettles me, however.”
“On that, we can agree.”
“Do you have plans if things go awry?”
“No.” Akechi grits, “Unless Ren is able to whip yet another safehouse out of his ass, then
we’re stranded.”
Yusuke hums, and frowns. “If all else fails, there’s still Mementos.”
“I suppose.” Akechi admits begrudgingly, “Though I don’t want to speculate on the effects
that may have on Sae-san.”
“Perhaps she will have to live elsewhere.” Yusuke concedes, “I can always visit you and Ann
in Mementos if you feel you need company.”
“What, on the grimy subway floor?”
Yusuke sniffs, “Surely you can find someplace better.”
They probably could. Why had Akechi defaulted to sleeping on concrete last he slept here?
Why the hell had Sumire joined him?
“We’ll find someplace better.” Contrarianism aside, Akechi doesn’t have Ren’s tolerance for
shitty bedding. He assumes Ann has even less.

“Good.” Yusuke smiles, “I recommend a place with a good view.”
Akechi rolls his eyes.
A stretch of silence.
“If not to paint, why are you here?” Akechi asks. He’d assumed to follow in Akechi’s
wandering for the sake of it, but he finds Yusuke is always harder to read than he first
appears.
“I can’t paint constantly.” Yusuke clicks his tongue, “Though I wish I could. Inspiration is a
necessary factor as well.”
“You really do enjoy being here.” Akechi remarks drily.
“I do.” Yusuke agrees easily, “My painting you saw me work on last time is almost complete.
I just need one last thing.”
“That being?”
“This and that.” Yusuke waves a hand, “Technical details, of course. I worry it isn’t
compositionally interesting enough.”
“I thought it was fine.” Akechi mutters.
“Fine isn’t good enough.” Yusuke scoffs.
Akechi rolls his eyes. “Have it your way. Try not to out yourself with a painting of the
collective unconscious in an art competition.”
Yusuke blinks, “Ah. Would that be a problem?”
“Unless Masayoshi Shido himself waltzes to a gallery to view your painting personally, then
assuming he paid attention to any of my—” or Isshiki’s, “—visual descriptions of Mementos,
then you’ll be fine.”
“Excellent. I’ll continue my work, then.” Yusuke says. “I’m quite attached to it.”
Akechi hums. “It’s a nice painting.”
“That’s hardly the only reason I’m attached to it.”
“I’m sure you have a very sentimental and dramatic reason as well.” Akechi drawls.
“I do have that.” Yusuke says. “I wouldn’t consider sentiment to be a bad reason to be
attached to something.”
“I didn’t say it was.” Akechi says, which is true.
“You implied it.” Yusuke says, which is also true.

Akechi scoffs. “Your painting is harmless. Be as sentimental as you want.”
“I will.” Yusuke says primly, “I suspect I’ll be dramatic about it, too.”
Ridiculous.
“You’re extremely dramatic yourself.” Yusuke adds.
Robin laughs. Akechi resists the urge to stab something.
WITH WHAT WEAPON?
He could make it work.
“I’m as dramatic as I need to be.” Akechi says around his teeth.
“I don’t dislike the drama.” Yusuke says, as though that’s a normal thing to say. “It’s quite
inspiring in and of itself.”
“Draw a picture. It’ll last longer.” Akechi snaps.
“I’ve already drawn several.”
Of course he has.
“Would you like to see them?” Yusuke asks.
“No.”
“A shame. I’m quite proud of them.”
“What’s your angle here?” Akechi roughly tugs a hand through his hair as he picks up the
pace a little more. “Make your point.”
Yusuke blinks. “Ah. I don’t really have one. I’m just trying to make conversation.”
Nothing ever feels like just a conversation. Everything feels like knives running over his skin
looking for the best place to stab into his ego or his trust.
“Do I seem like I have a point?” Yusuke prods.
“No.” Akechi lies.
“Hm.”
“Let’s just go.” Akechi turns on his heel. “I think I’ve had enough wandering for today.”
“Oh.” Yusuke jogs to keep up, “Then I believe I’ll stay here. I’ve barely taken a look
around.”
“Apologies for distracting you.”

“Not at all.” Yusuke already seems to be losing interest in Akechi and is redirecting it to the
scenery, “Goodbye. If you wish to see the painting when it’s done, please do let me know.”
Maybe he will. Or maybe he won’t, to prove a point of his own.
You’re tangled in knots. Eurydice comments, voice wafting from a deeper recess in his soul.
Picking at the thread is getting nowhere. It’s hard to tell if it’s pulled looser or tighter as the
Hanged Man grows to rank six.

Chapter End Notes

Triple affirmative! Triple affirmative! A solution to my Lack Of Locking In has been
found! which is to say my scholastic year has come to its conclusion, and i once again
have a wealth of free time and an emotional weight off my back. ...which is not to say
that i'll be going to back to weekly updates. sorry gang my backlog is languishing
LMAO
but! the folks who hang out over on bsky might be aware of the Jazz Jin Writing Month
event happening for november (a NaNo alternative that started last year- basically just a
community event for writers in the fandom to Lock In and all chat about Locking In), so
hopefully that will light a fire under my ass, so to speak. if you're a writer yourself with
a bsky account, i encourage you to join in! it's a good time and a great chance to hear
about other people's projects!
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! why hello there yusuke
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank 9
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7

Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: good fucking lord can you stop talking in riddles
Yusuke: ? this is how i normally talk
Akechi: fuck. can you stop talking in riddles?
robin&loki: lol. lmao

Chapter 105
Chapter Summary

A festival during the off-season

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ann isn’t a big fan of the cops calling her in for questioning again.
It’s pretty much the same as the first time, which is the only thing keeping her from dashing
into the Metaverse and sprinting all the way home. The questions are a little more probing, a
little more personal, but eventually the detective whose name she didn’t bother to remember
sends her off with a bland smile and that’s that.
Ms. Kawakami gives her a vaguely concerned ‘you good?’ look as she returns to her seat,
expression bored enough for plausible deniability.
Ann just shrugs. She doesn’t know, and if she thinks about it too hard to find out, she’ll
probably crumble into a nervous wreck.
“You look like shit.” Akechi tells her when she gets home.
It’s Ann’s first instinct to be supremely offended, because it is quite literally her job to look
not like shit. It is her second instinct to be slightly less offended, because she probably does
look a little bit like shit. Stress is terrible for the everything.
It’s her third instinct to wonder if she should be delighted by the comment, actually. Akechi
insults everyone given the chance, but maybe this is the friendly kind of insult?
“Thanks!” She decides to say, tossing in a bright grin.
Akechi just gives her a look.
Maybe not the friendly kind of insult. Ann’s smile wavers.
Akechi scoffs after a moment, “Well? What’s the verdict?”
“About…?” Ann drops her bag in the front entrance and wanders over to lean on the couch
where Akechi is sitting.
“School,” He says. “Have they caught on, yet?”
Ann grimaces, “No?”

Akechi frowns.
“You don’t sound particularly confident,” He comments.
“Well, I’m not.”
“Wonderful,” He mutters.
Ann twists her hair in her hands, “They questioned me again. But that could just be because I
was close to the whole Kamoshida thing.”
“Potentially,” Akechi concedes. “Did they seem overly probing?”
Ann doesn’t know. “I don’t think so?”
“Well,” Akechi says airily. “Then I suppose we’ll have to let this play out. The jig is up the
second you’re absent from school, so it’s hard to be proactive.”
Ann is kind of regretting offering her house as the safe haven for half the team. She’s a shitty
liar, so having the weight of don’t be suspicious squarely on her shoulders seems kind of
unfair.
“So…” Ann taps her foot against ground, “That’s it?”
Akechi shrugs. “It seems so.”
Huh.
Ann shuffles around to join Akechi sitting on the couch.
“What’cha doing?” She prods.
Akechi pointedly picks up a book off of the coffee table. “Reading.”
Liar, he was definitely staring into space and chasing Makoto out of the living room with his
presence. “If you say so…”
“I do say so.”
Silence. Ann notes that Akechi’s eyes are completely still as he stares at a page.
“…What’cha reading?”
Akechi rolls his eyes. “A book about…” He quickly flips the book to look at the cover,
“Native birds.”
“I didn’t think you were interested in wildlife, Ann remarks, swinging her legs back and
forth.
“I’m not not interested,” Akechi frowns at the book. “I think it’s Sae’s.”

“That makes more sense.”
Akechi clicks his tongue and tosses the book back on the table. “I still haven’t much to do
around here.”
“We could…” Ann wracks her brain for anything in her house, “Play a board game?”
Akechi scowls like the very suggestion is offensive.
“I have chess?” She tries to sweeten the deal.
“Are you good at chess?”
“No,” She admits.
“Then why bother?”
Ann frowns, and tosses herself forward to lean her hand in her chin. “Just tryn’a be helpful.”
Akechi gets a weird look on his face. Ann has seen a lot of weird looks on Akechi’s face, but
she thinks this one might be new.
“…What?” She prods.
The look gets weirder.
She pokes him with her foot. “What?”
The look morphs into a scowl, which is easier to read, at least.
“Are—” Akechi starts, and stops, “Are we—?” He cuts himself off, and the scowl deepens.
Ann has two words to work with to try and guess where on earth this is going:
One, could be that this is a very awkward confession. She discards this both on principle for
whatever the hell is going on between him and Ren, and because she’s not entirely sure if he
likes girls at all, and if he did it would probably be Haru or something.
Two, could be that this is his attempt at broaching the topic of exactly how fucked they are
and the time bomb they’re sitting on. Ann also tosses this out, since Akechi’s never minced
words before, and she’s pretty sure he’d sooner die than display anything close to resembling
fear about the sword over their heads.
Three, could be that this is a distinctly different kind of confession of… friendship? Ann
hopes it’s this one. It’s wishful thinking, but he did stick around for her dinner-made-withlove plan the other day, so that has to count for something?
“We…?” Ann prompts.
“Fuck’s sake,” Akechi mutters.

“C’mon, don’t leave me in suspense!”
Akechi clicks his tongue. “Who would you consider your friends?”
If this is option three, he’s being weird about it. Which Ann probably should have expected.
“Um like, a list?”
“Sure. That.”
“Uh…” Ann doesn’t have that many friends, why is this hard to remember? “Shiho… and,
well. All the thieves, I guess?”
“You guess.”
“Yeah?” Does Mika count? Mika might count.
“I see.” Akechi’s face twists into something weird again. All of this is weird. Ann is starting
to veer towards actual concern.
“…How about you?” Ann asks, because it doesn’t look like Akechi’s going to continue the
conversation on his own.
Akechi presses his lips together.
He cannot be serious. “You’re not even gonna name, like,” Ann waves her arms
incredulously, “Haru-san and Sumire-chan?”
“Sure.”
“Oh my god,” Ann despairs. “I don’t know why this is getting to you now, but you should
probably give up and accept that we’re all you’re friends.”
Akechi wipes a hand down his face, “Awfully presumptuous.”
Maybe Makoto would object to the label. Or maybe she wouldn’t? What about Futaba?
Maybe this is more complicated than Ann gave it credit for. Akechi’s still stupid.
“I’m not an idiot,” Akechi says, and Ann jumps, “I know that most of you would claim to be
my friend if asked.”
“Okay…” Ann drawls out, “So, you think we’re lying?”
“No.”
“Oh.”
“It’s—” Akechi starts and stops again. His frown grows a bit deeper.
Ann waits.
“Why bother?” He says.

Ann immediately frowns.
“Beyond pragmatism,” Akechi continues, apparently finally having found his words, “I’ve
practically made it my mission to be unpleasant to be around, and only half of it is
intentional. Why keep pushing?”
“Ren kept pushing,” Ann assumes.
“Ren is a prime example of what not to do.”
Alright, point. Ann kinda forgets sometimes that Ren technically ended the world.
“Well, then what about Haru and Sumire?” Ann folds her arms, feeling petulant. This has
turned back around on her, somehow, and she’s not a fan.
“Arguably also examples of what not to do,” Akechi counters easily, mirroring her folded
arms, “But they’re hardly exempt from this, either.”
“Well?” Ann is struggling to find words herself. This seems stupid. This seems like an
overcomplication. “You like them, don’t you? You’ve helped them, and they help you, that’s
how it works.”
“Beyond pragmatism, I said,” Akechi snaps. “But fine. Sumire and Haru have a vested
interest to keep pushing. The rest of you do not.”
“You have helped us, though?” Ann feels like maybe she shouldn’t be playing his game at his
level. She’s never been good at twisting arguments.
“Helped you dig your own graves, maybe.” Akechi’s lip curls into a sneer, “Congratulations.
You’re in the unique position of knowing exactly how much easier your life would be were I
not in it.”
“Not everyone can throw people away so easily.” Ann digs her nails into her arms.
“But you do,” Akechi says. “Everyone decides people aren’t worth it all the time.”
Ann laughs, a bit bitter, “I know.”
“Then you see my point.”
“Not really,” Ann admits. He has a habit of talking in circles.
Akechi rolls his eyes, “I’m practically asking all of you to find something better to do. So
why don’t you?”
Ann bites her lip.
Well,
“You aren’t asking, though,” Ann says.

Whatever ghost of triumph that had settled onto Akechi’s face is replaced by a frown.
“You tell us we’re stupid plenty,” Ann continues, “But you don’t actually try that hard to stop
us.”
Following her to the kitchen. Butchering some vegetables. Serving mediocre dinner. Ann is
surrounded by people who think too hard.
Akechi’s face twists like he’s swallowed something sour. Ann grins.
“So, mister detective,” She declares, “Why leave the door open?”
Akechi’s shoulders tense, before he deflates, throwing himself back onto the arm of the
couch.
“I don’t know,” He says.
Ann shuffles over, “Uh huh?” bull.
Akechi glares.
“C’mon,” Ann says, thoroughly confident that she’s won by this point. “If you find us so
annoying, why do you stick around?”
“Currently, my continued survival is dependant on you.” Akechi snarks.
Oh good, you do still want to live, Ann thinks to say, and then very abruptly doesn’t when the
thought makes her stomach turn. “Still,” She insists, because there’s always something more
than pragmatism. “You could have stayed in Mementos instead of here.”
“You dragged me here,” Akechi snaps.
“Not physically,” Ann folds her arms, “You’re stronger than me in both worlds. If you didn’t
wanna come, you didn’t have to.”
Following her back home. Sticking around, despite being bored out of his mind. Throwing
himself to the wolves.
Akechi has the look of a man who’s just uncovered a complex conspiracy surrounding his
own subconscious. Ann almost starts snickering.
Akechi scoffs, “Why do I even bother.”
That is the question, isn’t it? Though Akechi barely seems to be asking.
Ann threads her hands together. “…Well… I don’t think everyone notices.” Though getting
arrested for them was a pretty obvious sign. Not everything else is so clear.
(Funnily enough, she thinks, Ren seems both the best and worst at cluing in.)
Akechi is silent. Ann fidgets a bit.

“Do you want people to notice?” She asks.
“I think,” Akechi says, looking up at the ceiling, “That I need to make up my mind.”
Ann smiles. “Let me know when you decide, ‘kay?”
(Akechi tilts his head back down to look her in the eye. The Sun laughs a song as its thread
turns to iron, steeped in blood, growing to its final rank.)
Ann stands, dusting off her skirt, “I’m gonna hang out in my room ‘till dinner. Just knock if
you need anything!”
Akechi scoffs again, which she expected. He has no rebuttal, which is less expected.
As she shuffles off, he calls her back, “Ann?”
She jumps, “Yeah?”
“Thanks.”
Ann grins. “Anytime.”
***
Ren’s phone is ringing. He almost doesn’t notice it at first.
“Joker!” Morgana hisses, prodding both Ren’s side and the phone in question.
“Shit,” Ren expresses. He snatches his phone off the mattress.
Morgana leaps onto his shoulder, “Who is it?” He demands.
“Ohya.” Ren accepts the call. “Hello?”
“’Sup, kid.”
“Good news or bad news?” Ren flops back onto the futon. There hasn’t been much to do
these past few days other than sleep.
“What, not even a hello?”
“I did say hello?”
“You did say hello,” Morgana confirms.
“Ganging up on me with your cat?” Ohya snorts.
“You have no idea,” Ren says vaguely. “Anyway, good news or bad news?”
“’Hello Ohya, my greatest contact and favourite reporter, how are you on this fine Tuesday
evening?’”

Ren rolls his eyes as Morgana snickers. Traitor.
“How are you, Ohya,” Ren deadpans dutifully.
“So-so,” She says. “I wanted to ask how you’re doing, Amamiya.”
“Fine,” Ren says.
“Not bored yet?”
Ren is pretty bored. “Eh.”
“Eh,” Ohya repeats.
“Yeah.”
Morgana gives Ren a look. That disappointed look, like Ren’s done something. Ren hasn’t
done anything for at least three days.
Perhaps that’s the problem. Metatron comments. Ren tries and fails to toss him to the back of
his mind.
“Whatever you say, kid.” Ohya eventually sighs, “it’s good news, by the way.”
Ren sits up again, “Oh?”
“We got you a location.”
Ren stands fully this time, immediately rooting around for his probation diary in his halfunpacked cardboard box. “Hit me.”
“It’s just a stone’s throw from Akiba,” She says. “Outskirts. A back street, but not too backstreet-y, y’know?”
Ren does know. “Send the address to Futaba.”
“Her number being…?”
Ren quickly pulls the phone away from his ear to open his texts. He pastes Futaba’s number
to Ohya, “That.”
There’s a muted ding over the line, “Huh. That.”
“You’d better be thankful, kid!” Ohya adds, audio quality changing as she presumably puts
herself on speaker. “Me and Gun Weirdo slaved away trying to find where this guy’s shacked
up. Do you know how many times he nearly blew our cover?”
“You sure it wasn’t you?” Ren smiles.
“Rude!” She yelps. “I guess I won’t tell you the other good news.”

“Hm?”
“Gun Weirdo should have gotten your friend and his mom set up by now,” Ohya says. “Or,
contacted them or something.”
One of the many bundles of tension in Ren’s chest unspools, relieved. “That is good news.”
“That’s everyone out of danger, right?” Morgana says excitedly. Ren nods, and tries not to
think of Ann’s loose end.
“Glad to hear it!” Ohya cheers. “Alright. Shortstack should have gotten the message.”
“Cool.”
There’s a pause. “Hey, Amamiya?”
Ren frowns. “Yeah?”
“We’re counting on you,” Ohya says, voice grave. “Do us proud, yeah?”
The tensions respools with purpose. “Yeah,” Ren says. “I’ll try.”
***
“Y’know dude,” Ryuji says, hauling one box on top of another. “You don’t have to be here?”
Yusuke sniffs, “I assume you have a lot of things to move.”
“Yeah?” Ryuji watches as his mom agonises over what to ditch and what to cram into another
box.
“Then you ought to appreciate extra hands,” Yusuke says.
Ryuji guesses. He would have appreciated a van, but he got swept into this so quickly that
asking Ren and by extension Morgana for a hand kind of just… slipped his mind. He feels
awkward calling now.
He was in the middle of chatting with Yusuke over text when he got the go-ahead from Gun
what’s-his-face to start packing. Yusuke apparently took this as an invitation to invite himself
over.
Ryuji’s not complaining, but, “…Do you just want free dinner, dude?”
“I will not say no.”
“Yeah, yeah you can stick around,” Ryuji mutters. His mom’ll probably be thankful for
something to fuss over that isn’t the fact they’re packing up their whole apartment.
“Ryu!” His mom calls, “We should keep this photo, yeah?” She waves a picture frame over
her head.

“Whatever you want, ma!” Ryuji shouts back, “But it’ll still be here when we come back?”
“What if some thugs trash the place!?”
Ryuji grimaces. He’d call her high-strung, but he’s kinda been thinking the same thing.
“Memories are wonderful things to keep,” Yusuke comments, “It would be a shame to find
them destroyed after some senseless act of violence—”
“Yeah, toss it in the box, ma!” Ryuji shouts.
His mom tosses a thumbs-up over her shoulder.
Yusuke frowns at having been interrupted, but shakes it off pretty well. “Is there anything in
particular I should be doing?” He asks.
“Uh.” Ryuji scans the room, “I guess? We should probably get all the boxes in… a pile. For
Mementos?”
“That would make sense,” Yusuke says, which is great, because Ryuji has no idea what he’s
doing. “I’ll get on that.”
As Yusuke shuffles off, Ryuji’s mom sidles up next to him. “So is he also…?” She whispers,
“Ah?”
“A Phantom Thief?” Ryuji also whispers, even though he really doesn’t need to.
“Yeah!”
“Yeah,” Ryuji confirms. “He joined us right after, uh. Kamoshida.”
“Got wrapped up with the new heroes on the block, huh?” His mom beams, “What’s his
fancy name?”
“Codename, ma.”
“That.”
“It’s Fox.” Yusuke tells her from across the room.
Ryuji’s mom looks Yusuke up and down, squinting.
“His mask is like a fox thing,” Ryuji answers the unspoken question.
“Like yours is a skull?” His mom grins, and winks, “Stylish.”
Ryuji thinks this reaction is, without a doubt, the best possible thing he could have hoped for.
That starry-eyed wonder of heroes doing good in the dead of night is something he inherited,
apparently, and once the hurdle of shock and the general everything about all of this was
leapt, his mom seemed downright—

Ecstatic ain’t the right word. Ryuji can still feel the tension and fear for what he’s landed
them in thrumming through the apartment.
But, a few cracks of giddy cheer spark against it here and there. Ryuji feels kinda bashful
under the new source of attention.
Yusuke places another box on top of the forming pile, and frowns at the same time that Ryuji
feels his phone buzz in his pocket.
“Something up?” His mom asks warily.
Ryuji checks the texts,
Oracle: good news!
Oracle: unless you had plans tomorrow
Oracle: we got a location. meet atttt panthers ig
Panther: fine by me!!
Queen: Meaning we’re starting the palace tomorrow?
Joker: it’s about time we got started
Ryuji doesn’t bother reading the next few rapid fire messages, a grin spreading across his
face. Yusuke hums cheerfully.
“…Good something?” His mom taps his shoulder.
“Yup.” Ryuji cracks his knuckles, “We might be able to come back home pretty soon after
all.”
***
When Sumire saw the texts in the thieves’ group chat the night prior, she almost cheered out
loud.
The final, actually final this time, roadblock cleared, no extra addendums, which she isn’t
going to waste excess time thinking about lest she jinxes it. She wouldn’t say she’s excited to
deal with a whole new palace, but she’s also not not excited.
She might be a bit excited.
We’ll have to meet in Mementos, Ren had instructed the night prior, so make sure you figure
out where it all is beforehand. Fair advice, and a fair course of action— even disregarding the
people who would be arrested or killed on sight by Shido’s men, Sumire thinks that danger
extends to near everyone when considering they’re going to be lurking near a yakuza family’s
headquarters.

And lurk she does, idly tapping her shoes against the ground, waiting for the others to arrive
in Mementos. Makoto, Goro, and Ann all arrive in a group, as expected. Ryuji, Haru, and
Yusuke arrive pretty shortly after. Finally Ren, Futaba, and Mona make their entrance with
skidding tires and a panicked car horn.
…Cat horn?
“Alright.” Ren, to his credit, does recover relatively quickly from the near-crash. “Everyone
here?”
A round of nods and “here!”’s. Ren hums in acknowledgement, and whips out his phone.
“Anyone wanna do the honours?” He says, holding the nav out to the huddle of thieves.
Makoto shuffles on her feet, before moving forward, “Tsutomu Shiraishi” She says.
Candidate Found.
“Tsutomu Shiraishi’s family headquarters”
Candidate Found.
“Carnival.” She recites.
Candidate Found. Beginning Navigation.
Mementos twists, and,
Sumire smells… smoke? Grease. Sauce.
She sees lights. Colours. A lot of them. She hears—
Well. It sure is a carnival.
“Huh,” Joker says.
“Hm,” Crow agrees.
Oracle groans very loudly. “There’s no path.”
There is, in fact, no path. The palace consists of market stalls in rows and rows and rows,
stretching around the perimeter of three large circus tents, each bigger than the last. Lights
are strung from every possible pillar, lanterns dull against the sharp glow bursting from the
top of the tents.
“…Doesn’t the lack of path make our job easier?” Noir asks.
“It doesn’t,” Crow says.
“No path means that the way to progress could be anywhere,” Oracle complains.

“…I’d assume the first of the three tents?” Queen points forward.
“Kinda looks like a straight shot to me,” Skull agrees.
“We’ll find out quick.” Joker says. “Oracle, Mona, sense anything?”
As Oracle buries her face in her screens and Mona perks up to sniff around, Crow clicks his
tongue, “Not going to ask me?”
“…Do you sense anything, Crow?”
“No.”
Joker makes a well there you go gesture with his hands.
“Uh,” Mona awkwardly interjects, “I don’t sense anything either. Aside from the general
direction of the treasure.”
“Saaame.” Oracle sing-songs unenthusiastically.
Crow makes a well there you go gesture with his hands.
Joker looks more tired than Sumire thinks is normal for the first two minutes of a palace
infiltration. “So there’s nothing. That’s all I wanted to know.”
“It’s always good to get multiple professional opinions, Joker,” Crow bites back.
“Well, you don’t really need ‘em when you’ve got me,” Oracle says.
“What about me?!” Morgana yelps with great offence.
“Alright,” Queen cuts in, “This isn’t really important, is it?”
“On the contrary,” Crow says, deadpan enough that Sumire figures he’s in a fucking-withpeople mood. She can appreciate the levity, if nothing else.
Queen ignores him, “Shouldn’t we start exploring? If this palace is going to be more complex
than it appears, we don’t really have time to waste.”
“Yes, we should. Thank you Queen,” Joker says, readjusting his mask. “Let’s poke around a
little.”
The thieves all start to tentatively walk forward down one row of market stalls. Sumire spots
food stands, festival games, carnival games, prizes, the works. The food does look very good;
it’s too bad palace food doesn’t fill you up.
Aside from stalls, cognitions mill about in droves. Mostly faceless, so Sumire supposes they
don’t really matter. She can see shadows patrolling a few rows down too, dressed as security
and fixed enough to their designated paths that they don’t seem to be in much danger.

“None of these guys are gonna freak out by the way we’re dressed, right?” Panther asks, hand
flexing over her whip.
“They don’t seem too bothered right now,” Oracle says from where she’s floating in
Necronomicon.
“Stay on guard,” Joker instructs anyway. “I figure something’ll flip a switch at some point.”
“Well, don’t jinx it,” Sumire mumbles, moving a bit closer to the centre of the group. Noir
gives her a sympathetic smile.
“We’re almost at the first tent,” Noir says, “So perhaps we won’t have to stay here so long
after all.”
“Yeah…” Joker mutters dubiously, as they approach a larger shadow wearing a security
uniform guarding the entrance to the first tent.
“Welcome,” The shadow says, not sounding all that welcoming. “Do you have a ticket?”
Sumire, Joker, Haru, and Mona all let out various shows of exasperation. That particular
hurdle in Ooe’s palace didn’t take that long to leap, but it doesn’t exactly bode well.
“We appear to have misplaced ours,” Crow says with a TV smile. It doesn’t quite have the
same effect when behind his jagged black mask.
“A ticket is required for entry of the circus tents,” The shadow says. “The rest of the carnival
is free to explore for the public, however.”
“How would we acquire a ticket?” Fox asks.
“A replacement, that is,” Queen hurriedly adds.
The shadow doesn’t seem to care what their cover story is. “Tickets can occasionally be
acquired via prizes throughout the carnival. Or bestowed upon individuals by the ringmaster
himself.”
“Thanks,” Joker says, already backing away. “We’ll be back, probably.”
The shadow hums, disinterested, as the thieves march back down the row they came from.
“So…” Skull drawls. “Guess we gotta play some games?”
“Sounds fun!” Noir smiles brightly.
“Ugh.” Oracle makes a retching noise. “Last game-y palace was false advertising.”
“You could stand to be more optimistic,” Fox comments.
“Can it, Inari.”

“We won’t know until we try,” Joker says, eyeing the surrounding stalls. “How many unique
stalls are there, Oracle?”
“Unless you want us to be here for twenty minutes, then I can’t tell. But there does seem to be
a lot of kinda similar ones.”
“Saves us having to comb through them for a specific one, I suppose,” Queen says.
“True enough.” Crow folds his arms. “All that remains is the question of how we’re going to
go about this.”
Everyone stands still, not making any move to step forward.
“…This one seems fun!” Noir says cheerily, pointing to a shooting game inside a large stall,
manned by a bored-looking cognition.
“’Course she wants to shoot something…” Skull mutters, in a voice that Sumire assumes was
supposed to be quiet.
“This one can be two-player,” Noir reads from the stand instructions. “Anyone care to join
me?”
There’s a pause.
“…It does seem fun,” Queen admits.
“Go for it,” Joker prompts. “Pick up where you left off at the arcade. The real one, I mean,”
He clarifies.
“Alright,” Queen concedes, inching forward to stand next to Noir. “Excuse me?” She asks the
cognition, “We’d like to play?”
“One hundred yen,” The cognition drones.
“Pretty cheap.” Panther nods approvingly.
“Kind of a waste,” Joker grumbles, handing over the requisite yen. “Since it’s getting
absorbed into the void of this guy’s head. …Right?”
“Who knows.” Mona shrugs.
“Aren’t you the expert?”
“I’ve never had to pay money before!”
Back at the stand, Noir and Queen have been handed toy guns, loaded with foam bullets. “Do
you suppose it’s rigged?” Noir muses.
Queen jumps, like she isn’t sure if she’s being addressed. “We’ll find out.”
Noir hums.

“Hit as many targets as you can. 10 targets for a small prize, 20 for a big prize,” The
cognition instructs. “Anything off bullseye is a miss. Three misses and it’s game over.”
Queen blinks, “A bit strict.”
The cognition shrugs.
“Don’t miss, now,” Crow says lowly.
“I’ve got it,” Queen snaps.
Two targets spring up at the far end of the stall, about five metres away.
Noir tilts her head. She raises her gun in both hands, closing one eye, and fires.
Even within the split second before the bullet hits its mark, Sumire can tell it’s missed. The
toy gun has weaker force than is normal, and especially so for Noir, while the bullet is barely
heavy enough to propel itself with any accuracy.
The bullet lands on the lowest edge of the target.
“One miss.” The cognition announces.
Noir frowns, looking at her gun. She turns to the cognition, “I don’t suppose you’d allow
outside firearms, would you?”
“No.”
Noir’s frown turns into a pout.
Queen grimaces as she raises her own toy gun. Sumire can see her aim further upwards than
Noir did, hesitating slightly before squeezing the trigger.
The gun fires, and the bullet lands above the bullseye. Closer than Noir’s, but still a miss.
“Two misses.” The cognition says.
Queen lowers her arms, pressing her lips together tightly.
The targets spring down, replaced by four that spring back up. “Two targets each.” The
cognition says.
“Alright,” Noir murmurs under her breath.
“Good luck!” Sumire tries to encourage.
Noir shoots her an appreciative smile, quickly turning her attention back to her task. She
raises her gun again, sweeping her arms up and down as she considers her angle.
She fires,

Bullseye.
Sumire claps, and there’s a whoop from Skull and Panther behind her.
“I think I’ve got a feel for it,” Noir says. She aims her gun at her second target, and fires
again.
She strikes another bullseye, and Sumire joins in on the cheering. She can see Crow nod with
approval.
Queen sucks in a sharp breath as it’s her turn to shoot. She raises her arms, adjusting
similarly to how Noir did. She grimaces as she squeezes the trigger.
Bullseye.
Sumire applauds, and there’s another set of cheers. “Nice,” Joker says.
“Feels like a fluke,” Queen says under her breath, looking equally nervous as she goes for her
second shot.
Even as her hands waver, she lands another bullseye. Her shoulder’s slump with relief.
“Two isn’t a fluke, is it?” Noir smiles as Sumire, Panther, and Skull continue their hype-man
routine.
“Hopefully not.” Queen mutters, as the four targets are replaced by six.
“Three each,” The cognition says.
Noir cracks her neck, rolling out her shoulders. She fires at all her targets in quick succession,
One, two, three dead-on hits.
Noir bounces on the balls of her feet, looking pleased as the cheering gets rowdier.
“Don’t get too flashy about it,” Oracle advises, having dropped down to the ground with the
rest of them.
“I’ll try,” Noir says, coy.
Queen looks even more nervous this time, somehow. She aims, and fires once,
A hit,
Twice,
A hit,
Thrice,
—A miss.

***
Not a miss by much. A hair off from the centre. Any other time, Akechi would consider it to
be passable.
Any beginnings of a grimace on Makoto’s face or aw’s of sympathy from the other thieves
are abruptly cut off by a swift strike of light that envelops them all. Akechi’s jaw cracks with
force as the pain lances up his spine. There’s an echo of yelps and shrieks from the rest of the
thieves as they seize against the attack.
The light fades, and,
“Tut, tut!” A voice sounds through the carnival, “Don’t you know mistakes can cost you your
life?”
Akechi was really hoping this carnival business was going to stay strictly metaphorical.
Futaba looks a half second from collapsing. The second she regains control of her faculties,
she whisks herself back into Necronomicon, a small sniffle crackling through the psychic link
before it’s quickly shut down.
“Shiraishi?” Akechi hazards, calling up to the sky.
“Aw, glad to see you remember me, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi glances at the thieves, still picking themselves off the ground in various states of
disarray.
“Usually the terms of failure are outlined before the game begins,” Akechi grits out.
“Where’s the fun in that, kid?”
“Can we assume the price of failure is the same across the board?” Ren calls out, apparently
having found his voice again.
“And that it applies to everyone…?” Sumire adds wearily.
“You certainly can! If you’re going to ride off someone’s coattails, expect to go down with the
ship.”
Akechi is rapidly starting to get a better picture of how Shiraishi ticks.
“So that’s it, then?” Makoto says. The waver in her voice is barely perceptible, but her fists
are clenched for all to see. “Play these games, get a ticket? With the addendum that this will
happen each time we fail?”
“Ah,” Shiraishi sighs, “That’s so… rigid. How ‘bout this? I’ll give you thieves a ticket,
personally, if you prove yourselves to me.”
“No deal,” Akechi says immediately. Ren stomps on his foot.

“What?” Akechi snaps, “That’s so vague he could keep us going in circles forever.”
“Good to see you learned something about business from the boss, Akechi-kun.”
“I doubt Shido ever let you get away with such a loose deal.” Akechi feels his fingers strain
as he clasps his hands behind his back. “Let’s not get sloppy, now.”
“I’m afraid you’ve gotta step up if you want to play with the big kids, Akechi-kun.” Shiraishi
hums. “But just for you, I’ll cut you something a little better. I always did want to see how
you worked, you know?”
“The hell are the rest of us, chopped liver?” Ryuji mutters.
“Gotta say, you thieves haven’t impressed me,” Shiraishi says. “But if any of you want to step
up to the plate, be my guest. I can’t deny that I’m curious if Akechi-kun’s heel turn was the
result of anything other than a flight of fancy.”
Akechi breathes, and decides not to send Loki to shred through all of the nearby stalls.
“To be clear,” Haru speaks up, “If Goro-kun were to prove himself, the rest of us would also
be granted tickets to enter the circus tents?”
“One shining, golden ticket: of valid use for the whole lot of you.”
“We’re not in a position to deny the terms,” Yusuke says.
“They’re not that much different from what we already had to do,” Sumire points out.
“Minus the threat of sudden and inescapable pain if Crow screws up,” Futaba snarks.
“The rest of us can still chip in.” Morgana folds his arms. “We don’t have to rely on Crow if
we don’t want to.”
Akechi rolls his eyes, “Please, don’t strain yourself on my account.”
“It might be the best option, though?” Ann frowns, ignoring him. “Just, uh… thinking about
these sorts of games.”
“I think we can assume they’re about to get very… thematic,” Ren says. Akechi raises an
eyebrow at the word choice.
“I suppose I haven’t seen any goldfish-scooping games around,” Fox says with a frown. “I
had assumed they were a staple of such events.”
“Looking for food, Inari?” Oracle snickers.
“…Do foxes tend to eat goldfish?” Fox looks up at Necronomicon, confused. He pauses.
“Not that I would be opposed.”
“As fun as the comedy routine is,” Shiraishi drawls from above, “I’d love to speed this up.”

“Oh, great.” Morgana makes a face as Ren quickly starts marching down the path, looking
for another game. “A timer.”
“I don’t believe time constrains were part of the deal,” Haru says tightly, but she also jogs to
keep up.
“I’ve got a carnival to run. I’m a showman! The least you brats could do is make it
entertaining.”
“So long as we get our ticket,” Akechi says through his teeth, eyeing the stalls.
“Let us know if you spot anything interesting, Oracle,” Ren says. “Or easy,” He adds.
“Target games are supposed to be easy,” Futaba sniffs.
Akechi can see Makoto’s expression twist slightly.
“But hey, looks like there’s more than just games,” Futaba adds, “There’s a Ferris Wheel, a
whole ass haunted house,”
“I don’t think a Ferris Wheel is going to get us anything,” Ann sighs.
“Unless we get creative with it?” Sumire suggests.
“We’ll come back to it.” Ren declares.
“The haunted house seems interesting,” Haru says, “Though I’m a little lost as to the exact
theme of this place.”
“It’s something of a mishmash, I take it.” Akechi eyes their surroundings with more scrutiny.
At a glance, the games and stalls could be ripped straight from any summer festival. Towards
the fringes, however, it blends into a carnival, a theme park, and not to mention the extremely
obtuse circus tents that gate their progress.
“…Do we have to go to a haunted house?” Makoto asks, with clear dread.
“You should go,” Shiraishi offers his commentary.
“No one asked you.” Ryuji glares at the sky.
“Not to rain on your parade, ‘cause I also don’t like this guy,” Futaba interrupts, “But if he’s
telling us to go somewhere, we probably have to go there.”
“Your UFO friend is pretty sharp,” Shiraishi says, and Futaba fake retches.
“…Then I guess it’s decided,” Ren says, reluctant.
Futaba makes another disgusting sound over the psychic link, “I’ll lead you guys there. Chop
chop!”
***

“It’s not particularly creative,” is Yusuke’s immediate critique.
Ann shrugs, “It just looks like every other haunted house?”
“Exactly my point.”
“Good for us, if it’s predictable,” Ren says.
“We all know that certainly won’t be the case,” Akechi mutters.
“…Maybe it won’t be so bad?” Sumire smiles.
“You really have to stop saying these things,” Akechi says.
“We should stop saying things in general,” Futaba says, “And start getting a move on.”
“I agree,” Makoto says, though she doesn’t look very enthused.
Ren waves them forward towards the door of the haunted house. Ann is right, in that its
facade appears the lowest common denominator of every depiction of a haunted house
Akechi has seen in his life. Twisted iron fence, too many cobwebs, so many cracks in the
brick that it looks like a structural hazard.
“There’s no shadow for enterin’?” Ryuji observes as they walk through the front door.
Futaba drops down from Necronomicon, her persona not able to fit through the door. “No
cognition, either. Guess entry is free?”
Shiraishi doesn’t comment. Akechi presses his lips together.
The inside is only somewhat incongruent. Just as many spiderwebs as the outside, though
instead of standard rooms and a general ghostly atmosphere, they’re met with a labyrinth of
mirrors, some cracked and shattered. Dull lighting seeps from the ceiling, bouncing every
which way.
“It’s not… so bad,” Makoto says.
And all of a sudden, it’s pitch black.
There’s a distinct notion that Akechi probably should have seen this coming.
“Well,” He says aloud.
No one responds.
“…Hello?”
No response, or shuffling. Akechi reaches an arm out, aiming for where the wall would have
been. That’s gone too.

Shiraishi has no commentary for Akechi’s sudden isolation. He has no doubt that the shadow
could comment if he so chose; maybe he feels silence will set Akechi on edge.
It doesn’t, not really. Palaces have thrown worse at him. Silence tends to be silence, or a
metaphor for some deep seated fear, but even that loathes to keep itself vague for long.
Akechi picks a direction and walks.
He hisses with surprise as a flash of a blade nearly takes off his head.
“Didn’t anyone ever teach you that you need to play it safe in this line of work?” It seems
Shiraishi can’t restrain himself any longer.
“You’re the showman,” Akechi snaps.
Shiraishi laughs, “That I am! I had my turn in the circus, though. The ringmaster’s word is
final.”
“You really think you aren’t still stuck in the game?” Akechi tentatively begins walking
again.
“It was pretty entertaining, doing all that, trying to curry favour,” Shiraishi muses, “But I
gotta say, having everyone as my bitch is a lot more fun.”
“I made you obsolete.”
“And look where you were. I think I got the better deal, kid.”
The unfortunate thing is that he’s right. Akechi dodges another blade with more grace.
“And now you’re back again,” Akechi says.
“If the boss wants to hire another guy, he can feel free.”
Akechi remembers Shiraishi’s cognition in Shido’s palace. For once it seems that Shido is
under no illusions about his relationship with this particular employee.
Well,
Shido tends to assume absolute loyalty, for whatever reason that may be. He’s usually right
about that, too.
Akechi parries the next blade with his own sword, baring his teeth.
“Is your little test going to be held exclusively in a dark hallway?” Akechi calls out to the
ceiling, “A little escape room, for your amusement?”
“Hey, good idea.”
Akechi snarls as two blades flash at once.

“You used to something easier?”
“Usually there’s more things trying to kill me.” Akechi probably shouldn’t be giving him
ideas.
“We could play that game.” Shiraishi hums. “See how long you last.”
“Do you usually have swarms of things trying to kill you?” Akechi makes a point to scrape
the wall with his sword as he parries the next blade.
“Hey, sometimes I get hired to kill other yakuza. They’ve got goons. And sometimes highstrung politicians are smart enough to hire security.”
“Seems messy,” Akechi comments.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard about how clean your jobs are all the time, kid.” Shiraishi snorts.
“Sounds like that’s a one-sided affair.”
“If it works.”
“You can see why I’m sceptical.”
“Why does it matter?” Akechi can’t be bothered to tread carefully anymore. The strikes of
blades are beginning to become predictable. “This isn’t my day job.”
“Just your night job.” Shiraishi laughs. “What else pays the bills? Sitting pretty in front of
cameras? Licking Shido’s shoes?”
Akechi’s lip curls. Whatever happened to being a detective? “I think you’ll find I’m recently
unemployed.”
“I’m real curious about that.”
“And you’ll have to stay that way.” Akechi smiles his best TV smile, hoping Shiraishi can
see it even in the dark.
“Well he has to be somewhere!”
Akechi freezes. There’s a sudden pinpoint of light, and an echo of voices, Haru as the one
who just spoke.
“You think I’m not trying?!” There’s Futaba.
“We’re not trying to rush you.” And Ren, definitely sounding like he’s trying to rush her.
“I’m sure he’s okay,” says Sumire, though she sounds worried. “It’s Crow. He’s cleared
palaces on his own before.”
“That doesn’t make him invincible, and Shiraishi seems to have it out for him,” Makoto says.
The Ryuji, “Eh, he just seemed kinda weird about him.”

“That’s worse!” Ann snaps.
Akechi takes a step forward,
A whole storm of blades suddenly block his path.
“Not yet.” Shiraishi hums.
“The hell?” Akechi hisses, stumbling back.
“I think you’d better stay on your own a little while longer.”
“And why the hell would I play by your rules?” Akechi kicks some of the blades out of the
way with the flat of his heel, already marching through the gap.
“You want that ticket, don’t you?” Shiraishi says, and Akechi pauses. “And I want to see how
you work. You, not those other brats. Win win, yeah?”
Well.
“I disagree,” Akechi says, but doesn’t move forward.
“C’mon, Akechi-kun,” Shiraishi drawls, grin audible, “You’ve got limited options.”
“And what would you have me do instead?” Akechi scowls, “Wander around in the dark until
one of your stupid knives finally gets me?”
“Gotta have a little spice in your life,” Shiraishi says, “Always be ready for the knives
swinging at your back.”
“Cute metaphor,” Akechi snaps, “Except for the part where they’re swinging for my front.”
“Hey, that’s why it’s a metaphor.”
Akechi lets out a frustrated growl, pointedly marching away from the panicked voices of the
thieves.
“That’s what I like to see.” Shiraishi chuckles. “Strike it out alone. Don’t let your tag-alongs
weigh you down.”
“I’m not the leader.” Akechi deflects a slow-swinging blade. They’re just set dressing at this
point.
“Oh?” Shiraishi hums, “Didn’t realise thieves dealt in loyalty.”
“Neither do assassins, last I heard.”
“Which is why I’m the leader of my clan, rather than some other dipshit. The whole family’d
be up in flames if they let my cousin get the spot.”
“Would you not just kill him?” Akechi shoots a dry look at the ceiling.

“Exactly why the family would be up in flames.”
Akechi snorts. Unwillingly.
“If you’re not the leader, and we are dealing with leaders here,” Shiraishi says, “Then who
is?”
“What, you can’t tell?” Akechi mutters.
“They all look like a bunch of bumbling idiots to me.”
Akechi had thought the same. But even he could tell no one other than Joker could possibly
be their leader.
Charisma.
GENERAL IDIOCY REQUIRED TO START A GANG.
Both can be true, Akechi supposes.
“Lemme guess. The pink fluffy one?”
Then again, Haru does also share a certain aura about her. Though she’s lacking in the idiocy.
“Try again.”
“How ‘bout spikes?”
Makoto? “Perhaps you should get better aim yourself.”
“Rat’s nest, then.”
“Ding ding ding.” Akechi says unenthusiastically.
“I s’pose I can see it.”
Akechi makes no comment. A knife flashes to his left, and he claws it out of the air.
“Trying to catch me off guard?” He sneers, “How about deciding on what you want from
me?”
“You know, it was supposed to be me who killed you when the boss managed to snap you up
from who knows where.”
Akechi stops walking.
“’Course, then you up and vanished, and no one was very happy about that.” Shiraishi
chuckles. “I was a bit impressed, though. You convince that prosecutor to lend you a hand?”
“Hardly matters, now,” Akechi says dully.

“I disagree,” Shiraishi mocks, “Y’see, if the boss had his way, it’d be both you and Rat’s Nest
with your brains blown out in some sad corner of the police station underground. I’ll bet the
plan before you went turncoat was that you were supposed to do the deed yourself. You’d fit
in more than me.”
“Your point?”
“I wonder if you could have done it.”
Ha. “I assure you, I could have.”
“Really now?” Shiraishi says indulgently, “You ever killed anyone in real life, Akechi-kun?”
Technically yes, and Technically no. “Technically,” Akechi settles on.
“Your weird magic doesn’t count,” Shiraishi misinterprets. “It’s poor etiquette to leave a job
unfinished.”
“Meaning?”
“I think you have a thief to hunt down.”

Chapter End Notes

hey hi hello! alas, i don't have an awful lot to say. unless you're talking to me about
rainworld. the brainrot (there's still a joke to be made here) continues
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! welcome to the Max Rank Club, Ann!
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank 9
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7

Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Shiraishi: you just gotta kill the leader
Akechi: what? no.
Akechi:
Akechi: actually now that you mention it, that might be cathartic

Chapter 106
Chapter Summary

Mirrors of several variants, and trapeze arts

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“You cannot be serious.” Akechi snarls.
This is ridiculous. He’s willing to play along for the sake of progress, but he has his limits.
Palaces can always be bent more than their rulers realise, and Akechi is more than willing to
start heaving Laevateinns into the fabric of not-reality.
“I’m serious!” Shiraishi cackles.
“If you think I’m that desperate for your damn ticket, you’re sorely misinformed.”
“What’s a little murder amongst friends?”
Hilarious. “Not particularly friendly, if I’m doing it on someone else’s orders.” Even funnier.
Shiraishi clicks his tongue, “I suppose you don’t have to actually kill him.”
Akechi gives a baffled look towards the ceiling, “And what would you have me do instead?”
“I’ve told you I want to see how you work.” Shiraishi says, “So work away, Akechi-kun.
Show me you could kill the leader of the Phantom Thieves, if you so chose.”
A better deal, if still entirely absurd. Doable, if not irritating.
Akechi grinds his teeth.
“Fine.” He says, scraping his blade against ground and marching in a random direction in the
dark.
He can still hear the echoing voices of the thieves somewhere within the dark, hiding away in
the light. He’d appreciate some distance before he begins.
“Walk me through it, Akechi-kun.” Shiraishi says, in a terrible impression of a TV-show host.
“What’s your game plan?”
Akechi smiles.

It’s a simple thing, to let Loki do his magic. Slipping into the shadows, entrenching himself
in the weave of the cognitive world, and making himself entirely indistinguishable from the
walls and floor. Untraceable.
Untraceable, even to Futaba, who Akechi knows for a fact was unable to track him even
when he was right on their tail in Shido’s palace. He got a good laugh out of that one, at the
time. Morgana will have no luck either, his track record with being unable to pin Akechi
down an even longer list.
Of course, Shiraishi seems to already have Akechi being untraceable covered. For now, at
least— though who knows how long he’ll let that last. So all that remains to hide from is,
“Where’d you go?” Shiraishi hisses, sounding genuinely baffled. Akechi grins. He’ll
appreciate the lack of running commentary.
He looks to the ceiling, and finds that it’s still entirely dark. A blade haphazardly attempts to
strike several metres from where he’s actually standing.
He rolls out his neck, and leaps upward, grasping for anything.
And— ah. There’s a beam.
He pulls himself up, and blinks away the sudden light. Space doesn’t work right in here,
clearly. The mirrors are back, despite the fact that by all rights Akechi should have just pulled
himself well above them.
“There you are.” Shiraishi snaps, and Akechi immediately leaps for the ceiling again,
grabbing another beam.
“Shit.” Shiraishi expresses after a moment, and Akechi quietly snickers. He stands, pleased
to see that ceiling remains ceiling and floor remains floor, and that he can hear the thieves far
more directionally than he was able to prior.
Placing a foot forward, he walks.
What is there to even stalk, in the house of mirrors? It can barely qualify as haunted, unless
Akechi were to consider himself the spectre. It’s hardly tracking to tail the thieves, their
voices getting louder still as he follows them at a leisurely pace.
“You still can’t find him?” Makoto demands, when their voices become distinguishable
again.
“No!” Futaba snaps. “Stop asking!”
“I can’t even get a whiff of him,” Morgana complains. “And he was just here ten minutes
ago! It’s like he vanished!”
“It’s safe to say that Shiraishi is playing some sort of game,” Yusuke says.

“It’s unsporting to barge in, when we’re meant to be the players,” Haru says pointedly
towards the ceiling.
After a moment, Ren speaks up, “Anything?”
“No, Joker.”
“Then…” Ren looks to be letting genuine panic slip through his mask. Akechi is mostly
surprised it didn’t start happening earlier.
From his perch, he sees Ren’s eyes flash red as his brows furrow in desperate concentration.
His eyes wander up, up, glazing over Akechi entirely, Loki’s shadows rippling.
He sees Ren pause, double take,
His eyes land on Akechi again.
They go wide—
Now,
With a kick, Akechi shoots to the ground. Sword in one hand, gun in the other, he catches
Ren by the shoulder on the way and shoves him down. Ren grunts, immediately winded,
collapsing flat on his back as Akechi lands on top of him, sword to his neck and gun to his
forehead.
It takes the thieves barely a half-second to erupt in panic.
“What the eff?!”
“Joker?!”
“Crow!”
“Is this good enough for you?” Akechi demands loudly, voice sharp enough to cut through
the ruckus.
Silence.
“Well?” Akechi looks to the sky. “I could slit his throat if I flicked my wrist. If my finger
twitched, you’d have to scrub his brain off the floor.”
More silence.
“This is familiar,” Ren comments, apparently having gotten over his shock. Akechi pointedly
digs the barrel of the gun a bit further against his skull.
“Not bad, kid,” Shiraishi finally says.
Some of the thieves begin to untense. Others tense further.

“Don’t you have something to give us?” Akechi says.
“Check your pocket.”
Akechi doesn’t have pockets. He reaches into Ren’s pocket instead, and pulls out a ticket that
reads admit one.
Akechi waves it in the air, “By admit one I do hope you mean admit all.”
“Sure, sure.”
Akechi responds with a sneer.
Ren’s cheeks are starting to look a bit red. “Uh. You can get off me now.”
Akechi has half a mind to keep sitting, but he rolls his eyes and stands.
Someone coughs.
“Well,” Makoto says. “Good job.”
Akechi gives her a look.
“…We’re glad you’re okay?” Sumire says, though she doesn’t sound too sure. Akechi would
also probably be disturbed if someone dropped from the ceiling with intent for violence, so
he lets it slide.
“I think that’s enough for today,” Ren decides. No one protests.
***
It had become remarkably apparent, exactly what ordeal they would all have to tolerate when
traversing Shiraishi’s palace.
Given the general state of things, (that being, cutting it as close to the wire as they dare)
Akechi might have insisted they push forward, were circumstances different. The
circumstances, however, included suffering the omnipotent presence of a shadow intent on
fucking with them. Akechi was, and is, as done as everyone else.
He doesn’t think anyone got the last laugh there. Even Shiraishi seemed unsatisfied, which is
as much a recipe for future success as it is great pain and complication.
The thieves had parted with a smattering of expression, ranging from dour to irate. Ann had
retreated to her room immediately upon their return to the apartment. Makoto and Akechi
could only grunt out a vague summary of their exploits to Sae, rife with holes and a general
aura of go away.
Sae got the hint, eventually. Makoto, on the other hand, isn’t doing the same. Or maybe it’s
Akechi not picking up her hints.

He doesn’t want to leave the living room. Either she budges or they have to suffer each
other’s presence.
…Several minutes pass, and neither of them move. Suffering it is.
“Good job,” Makoto says, after what must be an age, “In the palace.”
“You’ve said as much already,” Akechi points out, raising an eyebrow. He doesn’t see a
version of Makoto who would ever not loathe to give him a compliment, let alone double up
on them.
Makoto’s nose wrinkles. “Well. The rest of us were running around like headless chickens,
so.”
He also doesn’t see a version of Makoto who would ever surrender herself to complete
humility. One caught in the throes of developing a complex, however, he thinks is extremely
likely. Has already happened, in fact.
“Seemed par for the course, to me,” Akechi says.
Makoto’s nose wrinkles further. She says nothing.
Maybe Akechi should give up and retire to his room, if this is how it’s going to be. He still
doesn’t want to leave the living room.
“If you were so unsatisfied with how things were going, surely Joker wouldn’t begrudge a
small mutiny?” Akechi says drily.
Makoto snorts, “And put myself in charge instead? We’ve all seen how that tends to turn
out.”
Akechi hasn’t seen Makoto’s leadership firsthand, actually. He also thinks he may have
stumbled upon the root of the complex. The urge to leave strengthens.
“Doubtless Shiraishi would fail to be satisfied by the outcome of a rigged shooting game,”
Akechi says.
Was there not some resolve to try harder? Robin comments.
Yes, but not with Makoto.
Loki laughs. Akechi isn’t sure whether to take that as at least half his soul being on his side
or not.
“Don’t try to make me feel better.” Makoto snaps.
Akechi wasn’t trying to do that, exactly. “Would you rather I tell you how much of a terrible
shot you are?”
Makoto looks angrier. Akechi rolls his eyes.

“I don’t need to listen to you,” Makoto decides.
“You don’t,” Akechi agrees.
Makoto stares at him like she’s just remembered he’s there at all. Akechi stares back.
Makoto’s stare narrows.
“Why are you so good at everything?” She blurts.
Akechi thinks that perhaps he really should have left, a few minutes ago.
“You exaggerate,” He says mildly.
“Top of your class,” Makoto lists.
“I’m technically a dropout,” Akechi says. They both are.
“Celebrity.”
“I think I’m last week’s news, at this point.”
“Physical strength, apparently.”
Akechi frowns down at himself, “You’re surprised?”
Makoto glares at him, “You look like a twig.”
Akechi, very slowly, very pointedly, flexes an arm.
“You look less like a twig,” She concedes, with what must be great difficulty. “But you still
look like you’d fold with one punch.”
“I don’t,” Akechi informs her.
“I’m aware.”
Makoto’s jealousy has been a point of contention between them for as long as they’ve known
each other. First, and then again, over and over, about Sae. About grades. About everything
under the sun, apparently.
Akechi had found it amusing, had sometimes needled this fact directly. Other times, he hardly
cared at all. These days, he finds himself wishing to be removed from the situation entirely,
whether trapped between the Niijimas or caught against Makoto’s expectations for herself
and him.
He has been trying. Surely no one can accuse him of apathy, in the face of whatever the hell
Makoto wants from him.
Ah, Eurydice deigns to comment, But you have certainly been masking it as such.
Akechi doesn’t think those things should be so intertwined.

“Whatever,” Makoto says. “It doesn’t matter.”
“It doesn’t,” Akechi agrees.
“That’s easy for you to say.”
“It shouldn’t be particularly difficult for you to say, either.”
Makoto doesn’t seem to have a response for that one. Akechi takes the short reprieve to stare
up at the ceiling.
“…Do you seriously want my life?” Akechi says, after a belated burst of absolute incredulity.
“I’d probably put it to better use than you do,” Makoto hisses.
“Alright, Miss hindsight.” Akechi says with venom, “By all means. Dying and then having
your corpse strung up like a puppet is sure to be a delight for you.”
“That isn’t.” Makoto’s face spasms. “That isn’t what I meant.”
“Really.”
“Really,” She spits. “I don’t get you.”
“You’ve shared similar sentiments before.”
“And you haven’t changed.”
He isn’t sure if he trusts her opinion to be unbiased, but he finds can’t really tell either way.
Haven’t the thieves’ personas evolved after they achieved personal growth, or something
equally saccharine? Robin and Loki remain in their jagged pieces, unable or unwilling to fit
together.
Makoto’s persona hasn’t changed yet, either. Akechi recalls Anat, and Agnes, and has only
seen Johanna for months.
“Neither have you,” He says.
Makoto’s hands flex.
“I have changed,” She insists after a moment.
“Really?”
“The me from the start of the year wouldn’t have been able to do this,” She says. “Any of
this. I would have been— I don’t know. Too scared, maybe.”
Akechi thinks Makoto had been at a tipping point for a long time. He also thinks there’s a
difference between fear and cowardice.
Uncharitable.

Perhaps. But then again, he doesn’t quite believe it of her now. He supposes she really must
have changed.
“Then what the hell does any of that have to do with me?” He snaps.
Makoto blinks, then looks annoyed, “It doesn’t.”
“Which is what I’ve been trying to—”
“Except it does, too,” She immediately amends.
“Make up your mind,” Akechi hisses.
“Only after you do,” Makoto immediately fires back, which is so childish and nonsensical
that Akechi can’t find an easy way to refute it.
***
Makoto doesn’t think she’s won, exactly, when all Akechi gives her is an unimpressed look,
but she does appreciate the moment of him not talking.
It’s always all about him, somehow. And what’s worse is that he only makes it so
intentionally about half the time. She wonders, often, if she’s the only one who feels like this.
The only one stuck in a one-sided rivalry with someone who has deemed that he has better
things to think about than how he’s a wrench in the gears of her life.
When she joined the thieves, she felt more assured than she’d ever been her whole life.
A goal, a purpose, and a righteous one to boot. It was easy to take charge with strategy, to
offer her thoughts; she’s student council president, she knows how to manage a group
meeting.
But she wasn’t the leader. Ren is. Was. Still is.
She didn’t mind being support. She filled her own irreplaceable niche, and that was enough
for her, really. Then Futaba joined, and she was clever, and smart, and a prodigy, and Makoto
had no idea how to talk to her. Which was fine, she was still important,
Then Ren started having visions and dreams, and it was another puzzle to solve. A mystery to
crack. Who is the black mask? Surely the girl with crimson red hair and not the boy who
called her a pushover.
Then, another domino along the line, she figured she could tolerate Akechi’s sudden presence
if he was willing to play nice. It felt charitable, like she was being the bigger person. Like all
of her strained smiles and the twitches in his expression meant winning. Like trying to save
him could mean—
Could mean,
(What, that he owed her? That he could never possibly win again, with an outstanding debt.)

And then,
The boy who called her a pushover was instead the man who’s killed and driven others mad,
and her short-lived spark of pure vindication was quickly smothered with no one else caring
nearly as much as she did. Her bone-deep certainty of being right was shattered twice in as
many days, and it didn’t really feel like they had any leader at all, anymore.
It certainly wasn’t her. She’s always liked the idea of leading. Holding authority where she
used to have none. Dad was a leader.
She can’t do anything right, never could, never will. Akechi can’t, either, but he has the
audacity to fail upward.
She fails, and trips down, down,
Within the wellspring of your own mind.
She thinks it’s a little more literal than that.
You envision a pit, a ditch, a cliff face, and forget that it could not possibly matter less if
your grip upon fictional handholds is firm.
It’s not so simple, though. Makoto knows she’s prone to spiral. She also knows she’s—
Justified?
Well, when put like that.
The fact remains that pitfall or no, some things are unsalvageable. Some twists of fate leave
things permanently out of her grasp and she doesn’t know what she’s doing wrong.
You had such conviction, when you were swatting flies. Her persona laments.
Things change.
Not everything must. The ground will shift, but you can choose to stand firm, or adapt.
Hm.
Metaphorically.
She gathered. But she still—
She,
She’s not contrarian.
You aren’t.
The last time she was ever so cornered that she nearly brought everyone down with her, she
felt her blood burn so hot that she cracked the floor and blazed a path with fire and engine

exhaust. It had been electric, pure sensation and conviction that she wasn’t going to let
anyone—
Anyone,
There is not much point to an obstacle that you can simply walk around.
She’s starting to see that, yes.
It’s not as electrifying. Not as burning, or even as strong a force of will that overcomes her.
More a swoop, a drop, and a pleasant warmth that spreads outward to the tips of her fingers
and toes.
And, a name that bubbles up to her lips.
“Anat,” Makoto shares with the ceiling.
The obstacle gets to hear it too. “Goodness.”
Makoto looks back down, and narrows her eyes, “Don’t tell me you recognise her.”
“Whatever epiphany you just had, you must have had last time, too,” Akechi comments, dry
as ever.
Makoto snorts, “Good for me.”
Akechi tilts his head, “I suppose.”
Well.
A moment of silence, where Makoto finds that the ceiling is rather good company, actually.
“…Is that all?” Akechi asks.
“You can leave.” So can Makoto, but she really doesn’t want to.
Akechi sniffs. “I don’t want to.”
Worse than an obstacle, the implication that they’re in any way similar makes her skin crawl.
She stands quickly, “Have it your way.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
(And, to his great chagrin, feels the High Priestess grow to its final rank. Some part of him
twinges to feel underwhelmed, before remembering bonds go both ways. All that does,
unfortunately, is make him feel out of the loop.)
“Makoto,” He says.
Makoto pauses on her way out of the living room. She raises an eyebrow to match his.

Akechi rolls his eyes, “Your damn shooting was fine.”
Makoto opens her mouth, closes it. She settles on nodding stiffly, and finally leaves.
***
Sumire’s excitement for this new palace has admittedly stagnated somewhat.
From the tricks and the blatantly personal angle that Shiraishi is attempting to play, any
illusions of tearing through a cognitive realm with raucous laughter has been thoroughly
dispersed. Any illusions of any part of this remaining some semblance of fun have also
kicked it.
And with that sour mood in mind, Sumire stands with the thieves just one day after their last
infiltration outside the first of three circus tents. Joker looks stressed, Crow looks annoyed,
and Sumire is happy to see that Queen doesn’t seem all that discouraged, despite looking
pretty out of it the day prior.
In fact, she actually looks a bit smug. Sumire sees Noir give her a curious look.
“So…” Oracle drawls from above, “Still got your ticket, Crow?”
“I’d better still have my damn ticket.” Crow says threateningly, in the direction of the shadow
guarding the entrance. Shiraishi himself is yet to comment.
“I wonder what’ll be inside?” Sumire muses, as there’s a small scuffle between Joker and
Crow after the latter remembers his lack of pockets.
“Hopefully nothing too crazy.” Mona grimaces.
“I believe you’d be jinxing it, to say so.” Fox hums.
“You’re double jinxing it by pointing it out, Inari!”
“Got it,” Joker suddenly announces, holding their collective ticket aloft. The pockets of his
coat look mildly shredded.
“Yes, yes, let’s get a move on,” Crow says briskly.
“Akechi-kun has the right idea,” Shiraishi breaks his silence, “You kids have got a show to
give.”
“Do we,” Queen says flatly.
Joker walks up to the shadow guarding the tent, flicking the ticket to be caught between his
middle and index fingers. “Heya,” He says. “Ticket for, uh,” Sumire sees him do an internal
head count, “Ten.”
The shadow stares for a beat too long. Just as Joker looks like he’s about to say something
more, the shadow gives a stiff sweeping bow, and steps aside.

The thieves all exchange various glances, before Joker tentatively waves them forward.
Stepping into the tent, any lingering light from outside is quickly swallowed by the tunnel of
fabric. Sound is muffled, as well, making for a rather miserable view of bobbing shadows as
they all walk forward in relative silence.
“Very suspenseful,” Shiraishi comments.
Sumire assumes that it’s Crow who immediately swings his sword at the ceiling.
They aren’t left in suspense for much longer though, as a sharp prick of light appears at the
end of the tunnel that grows brighter and brighter, until it blooms. Sumire has to quickly duck
her head and cover her eyes, only managing to look up after blinking away the light seared
onto her eyelids.
When she does, she’s greeted with a carnival’s worth of equipment.
Knives and large balls and hoops and rings and, most eye-catchingly, a tightrope, all piled on
the sunken stage in the middle of the tent, surrounded by rings of entirely empty seats, raising
up by layers after the last.
Skull whistles.
“There’s no audience.” Noir frowns.
“…Maybe we’ll be the audience!” Panther says, which is a bit too falsely optimistic even for
Sumire.
“Afraid not,” Shiraishi says. “I’ve misplaced all my performers, y’see. I’m looking for some
new ones.”
“I don’t believe that turn of phrase quite works, here,” Fox says.
“Unless it’s something weird and convoluted,” Oracle says, still earthbound after dropping to
the ground to move through the tunnel, “Like, ‘I misplaced my gun, which then manged to
fire twenty-or-so odd bullets directly into the foreheads of all my performers.’”
“Hey, I can go with that.”
“How about we don’t?” Queen snaps, exasperated.
“No need to get so tetchy, miss,” Shiraishi chuckles, “One show is all I’m looking for,
serious.”
“And what’s stopping us from just walking right past this?” Crow drawls towards the ceiling.
“Another ticket, for one.”
On the far end of the tent, another shadow materialises, guarding a fold in the tent’s fabric
that Sumire hadn’t even seen.

“The next tent is even more exclusive, you get me?” Shiraishi explains, reasonable as
anything. “Can’t have just anyone wandering in. That’s where the real shows are. Think of
this like an audition.”
“Last time didn’t count?” Joker asks.
“I suppose if Akechi-kun wanted to waltz on past, that’s well within his power to do so.”
All the thieves blink. Crow himself tilts his head curiously, looking rather like his namesake.
“The rest of you? Well, that’s another story. You’ve given me nothing to work with! Other
than letting yourselves be stalked and hypothetically killed by our friend here.”
“That’s not fair!” Oracle blurts, “He has cloaking or some bullshit!”
“I do have that,” Crow agrees.
“Doesn’t change facts, missy.”
Oracle grumbles something likely uncharitable under her breath.
“So, what?” Skull makes a face at the equipment scattered across the stage, “You want us to
juggle?”
“You can juggle?” Panther asks, incredulous.
“Nope.”
“That’s for the best,” Shiraishi interjects drily, “Because I was hoping for something a little
more entertaining than that.”
Sumire stares the equipment down, looking for anything that might constitute entertaining.
What on earth is Shiraishi even looking for? He’s a fan of danger, clearly, fabricated or
otherwise. Emotional danger, something uncomfortable.
“Do all of us have to impress you in some manner?” Noir asks.
“How about this? If one of you extra kids does something really showstopping, I’ll consider
you all a package deal.”
Crow scoffs. Sumire’s eyes land on the tightrope.
Joker rubs a hand down his face, “It’d be great if you were a little more specific about—”
“I’ll walk across that.” Sumire blurts, pointing towards the tightrope.
Everyone stares at her. She gets the impression that Shiraishi is staring, too.
“…Would that be enough?” She tacks on, voice getting dangerously close to a squeak.

After a moment, Shiraishi bursts out laughing.
“Go for it, kid!” He cackles, “I gotta see this.”
The stares turn into a round of contemplative expressions, most of which also have the extra
effect of looking rather constipated.
“…You can do it!” Panther cheers, eyeing the tightrope warily.
“How high up d’you think that thing is?” Skull asks. Panther jabs him in the stomach.
“Well, you are a gymnast,” Mona says. “If you think you’ve got this, Violet, I say go for it.”
Sumire does not point out that none of her gymnastics exploits involve tightropes. Or beams,
for that matter. She shoots a look in Joker’s direction, dutifully ignoring whatever concerned
or dubious expression is likely on Noir and Crow’s faces.
Joker shrugs, his hands in his pockets.
What wonderful encouragement.
“Pretty sure you don’t take fall damage in the cognitive world, if it’s any consolation.” Oracle
says. “Well. So long as you don’t think too hard.”
Oh, great—
“Now that your pow-wow’s done,” Shiraishi interrupts, “Can we get this show on the road?”
“Right.” Sumire straightens up, squaring her shoulders and marching towards the ladder.
“Yes.”
Some of the thieves give cheers of encouragement. Sumire shoots them a wary smile in
response.
She holds her breath as she climbs the ladder. It’s a terrible habit, born of nervousness, that’s
caused her trouble in her routines before. Stress means she either can’t breathe, or will
hyperventilate, and both ways mean she can’t get any air.
She very purposefully takes a deep breath as she reaches the top. She takes extra care to not
look down, as much to avoid looking at the thieves as avoiding acknowledging how far down
the ground is.
It didn’t look that high, standing below.
This is why she went for floor gymnastics. Beams and bars freaked her out. Still freak her
out.
“Stalling?” Shiraishi says, addressing just her, for once.
“No,” Sumire says.

“Then hurry it up, girl. Suspense is a tool best used sparingly.”
She can’t drag this out forever. Still looking forward, she kicks off her heels, and toes the
edge of the platform, trying to find where the tightrope is. When she finds it, she delicately
shifts her whole foot out, dead centre.
The rope seems sturdy enough. She’s got good balance. She’s got this, it’s fine.
She straightens her back, tightens her core, throws out her arms, and swoops her other leg off
the platform.
She places it neatly in front of the first, and she doesn’t fall.
She thinks she hears the thieves cheering, down below. Her ears are ringing.
“Not bad.” Shiraishi says. “Might take you an hour to reach the end, at this pace.”
“Thanks,” Sumire grits through her teeth, and takes another step. The rope shifts beneath her
feet, and she pulls her back up even straighter as she just barely begins to cant forward.
She can’t let her joints shake. She can’t let her foot roll. She’s got good balance, but bad
recovery.
She puts another foot forward.
“Hm.” Shiraishi hums.
“What?” Sumire asks, eyes flitting up before she forcibly drags them back forward.
“This isn’t nearly as entertaining as I thought it would be.”
Sumire takes another step. Her foot hovers above the rope for just a moment too long, and
her stomach swoops before she properly lands. “You’re not changing your mind, are you?”
“No, no. Let me think.”
Sumire isn’t sure if she’s meant to wait. She thinks waiting would just make her sweat so
much that she’d slip and fall even while being perfectly still, so she takes another step.
Three steps later, and Shiraishi speaks again.
“I do have an idea, actually.”
Another step. “Yes?”
“A show is supposed to be stylish,” Shiraishi says. “Get some pizzaz in there, y’know? Throw
a curveball or two.”
Sumire thinks she’s getting the hang of the tightrope. “…Yes? And?”
“Think fast.”

Sumire’s chest seizes as she hears and feels the rope strain beneath her feet. Her knees
buckle, as her weight forcibly shifts and all the panic crashes back onto her in an instant.
Swooping from her left, a trapeze bar swings just out of reach.
As the rope snaps, Sumire leaps, and catches it, just barely with her left hand.
She lets out a small shriek as she scrambles to get her right hand on the bar, the wires
swinging with force applied from somewhere above. She briefly swings up to readjust her
hands, feeling her shoulders strain under the sudden weight.
“Hey, nice catch.”
Sumire doesn’t dignify that with a response. She focuses on swinging her body in time with
the trapeze, to avoid being flung off by a clash in momentum.
“Good form.”
“Thanks,” Sumire grits, with real sarcasm this time.
“Think you can do it again?”
Sumire braces, for what good it does, as she’s flung up, up, spinning upside down, the back
of her knees clanging painfully against another bar, her hair and coat left trailing toward the
ground as she’s left gripping the bar only by her legs.
Taking a sharp breath, she quickly shimmies out of her coat, letting it float away. Her arms
now free, she grits her teeth as she levers herself up, grasping at the bar and the wires
suspending it, climbing to her feet.
“Fancy.” Shiraishi whistles, “I see why the thieves guild over there let you take a crack at
this.”
Sumire does her best not to glance down at the thieves in question. “Anything else?”
“Oh, sure.”
On command, a spinning hoop comes whirling past her in an arc. She yelps, and manages to
grasp it with one hand as it tears past her, ripping her off her feet. She tucks herself into a ball
on instinct, folding her legs around the hoop and hugging it with all her might.
The hoop spins and spins, on its own axis as well as in an orbit from the ceiling. Sumire
wrests one hand free to clamp over her mouth as she feels bile rise in her throat.
Slowly, the hoop begins to loose momentum more and more, until it’s left doing an uneven
little twirl from the centre of the ceiling. Sumire doesn’t dare loosen her grip.
She squints an eye open, barely aware that she ever closed them in the first place. She peeks
upward, much closer to the top of the tent than she’d prefer. She doesn’t look down.

Drifting alongside her, a curtain of ribbons haphazardly flutter in long lines from the ceiling.
They look… sturdy enough, she supposes.
Shiraishi seems to have run out of quips and running commentary. She’s not really in the
mind to appreciate it, given that she’s stuck up here.
She slowly reaches out, and gives one of the ribbons a sharp tug.
…It doesn’t immediately detach. Whether it’ll hold her weight is another story.
Unfolding her limbs like a particularly gangly spider, Sumire fits herself to properly sit inside
the hoop. She reaches out an ankle, and winds a ribbon around it once, twice, thrice, lunging
away from the hoop to fully shift herself over to the ribbon.
Bracing her free foot over her other, she swings back and forth until she has enough force to
launch over to another ribbon that stretches further down. There’s a brief moment where she’s
holding her own weight purely by the strength of her elbows, as she clumsily wraps this
ribbon around her ankle with her other foot.
Securing herself again, she tries to chart a path.
There’s a ribbon close enough that she forgoes a jump and just reaches out to catch it. Body
working quicker than her mind can make the decision, she sends out her other arm to catch
the next ribbon, then another, and another, until she’s dancing down, twirling and throwing
out kicks just for the sake of it.
In spins and leaps, she falls to the ground with the utmost grace she can muster, catching
herself along the hoop and bars along the way, before leaping to grasp at one final ribbon that
stretches all the way to the stage, slipping down it in a tight spiral.
Her feet finally touch the floor with minimal fanfare, and she just barely remembers to throw
up her arms in some semblance of a finishing pose, rather than slumping over with immediate
relief.
The thieves are somewhere behind her, she thinks. She sees her coat on the ground a few
metres away, but doesn’t dare move until Shiraishi says something—
“Now that was mighty impressive,” Shiraishi says, somehow still sardonic.
“Was it enough?” Sumire practically begs. Everything hurts. She’d love nothing more than to
collapse to the floor in a heap. She keeps her pose.
“Ticket’s in your coat.”
Sumire immediately drops to her knees, strings cut.
She sees his shadow first, as Crow slowly walks past her to pick up her coat, rifling around in
the pockets. After a moment, he whips out a ticket between two claws.
He turns to her, walking over and offering a hand.

“Impressive,” He says flatly. He sounds like he means it.
“Thank you,” Sumire gasps. She kind of thought she was going to die. She takes his hand and
hauls herself to her feet, turning to face the rest of the thieves.
Skull whistles. Noir claps enthusiastically, though her smile is strained.
“Can we go?” Sumire chokes out.
“Was gonna suggest it myself,” Joker says. Sumire nods weakly.

Chapter End Notes

hiya! still in rainworld hell (cough i have a couple of oneshots if you partake cough), but
more importantly, it's the holiday season! my family has yet to put up our tree, out of
sheer laziness.
i've made this joke in the past for those that follow me on bsky, but you can really tell i
was playing silksong when writing that last scene. mandatory platforming challenge is
eternal.
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! two max ranks in a row?? goodness, akechi's on a roll
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6

Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Makoto: do you know how annoying you are?
Akechi: believe it or not, i'm past the point of trying to be
Makoto: that's worse, actually

Chapter 107
Chapter Summary

Interlude II, and a little bit of theatre.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

An interlude, from a time quite present.
There was a man, once, who thought he ought to have everything.
Wealth; gold and shining jewels. People, his superiors soon to be lesser. The whole world and
all its wonders, shrunk to fit in the palm of his hand.
Shrunk, to be observed from the view of a tower a very, very long way from the ground.
He heard whispers in his ear,
All this and more is exactly what you deserve, yours by right.
He agreed, certainly. He was young, handsome; people already rushed to lick his shoes, beg
him for favour.
Not everyone, though.
Listen to me, and everyone shall.
So he listened. And listened. He invested, forged, made, more, more, more, until he had a
web strung up by his hand, pulled and tugged by the slightest movement of his finger.
He wanted for nothing.
He wanted for everything, still.
Contrary to what some fools may claim, the man knew there was no such thing as enough.
Those who say they have met the end of their means are merely to cowardly to speak of their
failing worth outright. Not him.
It started as a passing fantasy. Merely an idea, really. So many already looked to him for
guidance, for navigation, that he wondered if the effort of drawing the whole country into his
thrall was really worth it.
Listen to me, and—

Of course it was worth it.
It was a long, arduous process. He had to be charming, he had to be convincing. He couldn’t
spit upon everyone he dearly wished to— He had to learn to take the measure of a man based
upon what they could give him.
Most could offer him nothing.
Some, could offer him quite useful boons indeed.
And some lingering wraiths along the path offered him curses and chains that proved awfully
difficult to shake. Had he known they were haunting him, he would have excised them long
before they could become notable problems.
Listen to—
He’s working on it.
His passing fantasy, his ultimate goal, to sit at the head of the great ship and be known far and
wide as its captain, almost entirely within his grasp.
And yet remaining: poltergeists,
The attack dog freed from his leash. The scientist and her failed endeavours. And a band of
oh-so-elusive thieves that have proven wise to being snapped up by metal jaws.
He has eight days to work with. He hasn’t made any great strides, but to his knowledge,
neither have they.
(A report sits on his desk: Two breaches of the Metaverse in as many days, both in the same
location, the reason for such entirely unknowable.
Hm.
The time for careful plays is over, he thinks.)
***
Ann is starting to think she’s maybe-probably-almost-certainly screwed.
The first time the cops called her into questioning, she managed to mostly play herself off as
a ditsy and otherwise oblivious victim of circumstance. She could practically see them
writing her off as an airhead in real time.
Infuriating, but ultimately what she wanted. She swallowed down her scowl.
The second time, they seemed a little more wise to her act. She remains a terrible liar, and
there’s only so many ways to lie about exactly how involved in the Kamoshida incident she
was.

And now, after the third time, it’s pretty apparent the jig is up.
Except, they sent her back to class, still. And even still, Ms. Kawakami gave her a worried
look when she sat back down, which confirms to Ann that getting questioned three times isn’t
normal and she definitely should be worried.
She’s not in handcuffs, and she’s not yet home free. Ann very desperately needs the scale to
tip further in one direction or the other. The indecision is going to kill her before the cops do.
Surely they’re not afraid of getting the wrong person. Certainly not from a moral standpoint.
From a logistical standpoint, then? Shido must be getting antsy, and catching someone that
isn’t actually one of the Phantom Thieves isn’t going to lessen his problem.
Maybe. Probably. None of that quite solves her problem, given she’s one of the most
suspicious people in Shujin, the only other people vying for the title having already left.
Hesitation is where weaker hearts stumble. Hecate advises. Ann thinks that’s great and all,
but that doesn’t really sway her towards the decision itself.
Except, waiting around was always stalling, wasn’t it? Hoping they could get something
done before their enemies could. So it’s a toss up between making a decision and not making
a decision. When she puts it like that—
Still, still, and still again: there’s nowhere for her to go.
“I don’t think I can keep going to school,” Ann says to the elder Niijima as soon as she gets
home.
Niijima looks up, face already contorted in a signature frown. “Has something happened?”
“Um.” Ann feels like she’s getting questioned again, with the way Niijima is looking at her.
“The police wanted to talk to me again.”
“How many times is this?”
“Three.”
Niijima’s frown deepens, and Ann grimaces. “That’s not good.”
“Yep,” Ann agrees.
“What’s happening?” Makoto walks into the living room.
“I can’t go to school.” Ann tugs at her hair.
Makoto frowns in a way remarkably similar to her sister. “…I’ll grab Akechi,” She says, and
marches back out.
“I neglected to ask,” Niijima says as there’s the sound of muffled conversation the room over.
“Will the school contact your parents, if you’re suddenly absent?”

Ann tugs at her hair a little harder. She shuffles over to take a seat on the couch. “Maybe?”
She really doesn’t know. “They can try but… I don’t know if they’re… available.”
Niijima’s eyes narrow, and Ann thinks she likes this line of questioning even less, somehow,
“There’s really no way to contact them?”
“Well.” Ann laughs nervously, “I can definitely contact them pretty easily. I just, um. Don’t.”
They’re a distant sort. They weren’t always, but then suddenly Ann was old enough to be left
at home, so as to ‘not disrupt her schooling and friends’. She does appreciate that, but, well.
Distance.
“Not even during everything that was happening at Shujin earlier this year?” Niijima pushes,
which is an awfully delicate way of putting it.
“Ha,” Ann avoids eye contact, “I guess I got it in my head they wouldn’t believe me, for
some reason? After everyone at school was brushing me off. Or that they would try to do
something, and it wouldn’t work, and it’d just make everything worse.”
Niijima nods, which seems to be the end of that.
“What’s happening?” Akechi asks with much more immediate disdain than Makoto had upon
entering the living room. Makoto rolls her eyes behind his back, which is a funny enough
sight for Ann’s spirits to lift slightly.
She holds up her hands and drops them back in her lap, “Can’t go to school.”
“Hm.” Akechi tilts his head.
“Yeah.”
“Shit.”
“Yeah.”
“This was a likely inevitability.” Makoto says, which doesn’t really fix their main issue.
“I don’t suppose Amamiya’s contacts will have yet another place for us to hide out?” Niijima
asks drily.
“I wouldn’t bet on it.” Akechi folds his arms.
“There’s always Mementos?” Ann suggests.
“Who knows how long sis would be able to tolerate that place, though?” Makoto frowns.
“I admit my short experiences in the Metaverse have been unpleasant,” Niijima says.
Akechi clicks his tongue, “There’s nothing to say you won’t build a tolerance. We can’t rule
it out completely.”

“We’re not testing that on her!” Makoto immediately protests.
“I didn’t suggest we experiment, I’m just saying we can’t exclude it as a last resort.”
“If all else fails, it may be our only option,” Niijima agrees, but she doesn’t look particularly
happy about it.
Ann wracks her brain, “Is there anyone left who has house space?”
“Ren, Morgana, the Sakuras, and Ryuji are all already using safe houses, so not them,”
Makoto quickly lists.
“Kitagawa?” Niijima asks.
“He lives in a dorm,” Akechi counters.
“Yoshizawa?”
“She’s got her parents to contend with,” Ann answers this time.
“Okumura?”
Akechi opens his mouth, and then closes it.
“…She was dismissed as an option earlier since the police were still investigating her home,”
Makoto says.
“But I don’t think they’ve gone back in a while?” Ann presses her lips together, “She hasn’t
mentioned it, at least.”
“The same could be said about here,” Akechi points out.
“Even so,” Niijima says, “We can’t guarantee how trigger-happy Shido and his men are. One
day off from school could be enough for them to consider it worth it to raid the apartment.”
“True,” Akechi concedes.
“Well,” Makoto says. “Our options are gambling or gambling.”
Niijima snorts.
“…We don’t exactly have time to spare to deal with this,” Akechi says.
“So we do nothing,” Makoto deadpans, giving him a look.
“No, I’m saying that we can’t spare days finding a solution when the election is just over a
week away,” He snaps.
“Also a good point,” Niijima says, massaging her temple. “And don’t you all need to go back
to that palace today?”

“We do.”
“Well, we can still tell everyone,” Ann says, pulling out her phone. Gambling and gambling
sound like the worst options she’s ever heard.
“Try not to let everyone panic, will you?” Akechi says.
“They’ll probably do that no matter what I say.”
Akechi scoffs, which probably means he agrees.
“I say we pack our things.” Makoto folds her arms. “We don’t have a place to go, but if we
need to leave in a hurry, it’ll be good to have everything in one place.”
“In one place, and without potentially sensitive information lying about.” Niijima nods.
"Certainly,” Akechi says drily, “If we’re going to be shooting ourselves in the foot, it seems
excessive to fire twice.”
***
Given that they’re eight days out from their final deadline, Ren can’t even bring himself to
panic at the news.
Ann’s text had been alarming. Her rushed explanation that they’re preparing to leave at a
moment’s notice was less alarming, if only for the less stress it will cause Ren in the future.
“We don’t have anywhere else for them to go,” Futaba whispers to him, on the way to
Shiraishi’s palace.
“I know,” Ren says.
“We have… some options,” Morgana says through the radio.
They have plenty of options. None of them are particularly good.
“Unless anyone has anything productive to contribute,” Goro announces loudly as all the
thieves gather, “Then perhaps we can skip the panicked round of discussion?”
“…I suppose my residence remains as a possibility, if things go sour,” Haru says, looking a
tad contrite.
Makoto nods, “It’s… there.”
Silence descends. Ryuji coughs.
“…I have some ideas,” Haru continues.
“Anything that can be done now?” Ren asks.
“No.”

He nods, and takes out his phone, “Then we have a palace to clear.” As ever, there’s more
than one deadline ticking over their heads.
He activates the Nav, and lets Mementos spin.
The return trip to the second tent is quick, if not aggravating for the fact that it takes any time
at all. By the time they arrive, Ren is marching at the helm, throwing open the thick curtains
that no longer bar their entrance.
The second tent is distinct from the first like so:
The stage —mirrored from the first, in which Sumire had danced and leapt through the air—
rather than being set into the ground, is raised above. A ringed platform, accessible via steps
that stretch around its whole perimeter. The audience’s chairs radiate outwards similarly, all
set below and pointed inward.
It’s all quite theatrical. Ren doesn’t think that’s a good sign.
“Back so soon!” Shiraishi’s voice resounds, already sounding amused.
Ren waves both Goro and Sumire’s acquired tickets in the air. “Wasn’t sure if these had a
use-by date.”
“Can never be too careful,” Shiraishi agrees.
Ren raises an eyebrow, and shoves the tickets back in his pocket. He gestures to the empty
stage, “What’s on the docket today?”
“I’m glad you asked.” Ren doesn’t like the sound of that. “Y’see, I’ve had my fun with
Akechi-kun. And Miss Acrobatics gave the lot of you quite the introduction.”
Sumire fiddles with her gloves bashfully. Goro just scowls.
“But I haven’t seen anything particularly impressive from you.”
Ren points to himself.
“I wasn’t talking to anyone else, kid.”
Call it wishful thinking. “Why me, exactly?”
“You’re the leader, aren’t you?”
Ren grimaces.
“…No?”
“Yeah,” Ren corrects. “I am.”
“Great!”

In a snap, everything shifts. A spotlight is pointed directly downwards upon the stage, and the
rest of the tent and audience space is suddenly shrouded in unnatural shade.
“Up you get.”
Ren blinks. “To the…?”
He feels a force at his back, shoving him forward. He nearly stumbles over his coat as he’s
pushed towards the stage.
“Don’t play dumb, kid,” Shiraishi advises.
Ren does trip over his heels as the shoving ceases, covering his eyes from the sudden light as
he’s been dragged centre stage.
Another snap, and a hefty booklet of pages falls at his feet with a thump.
Ren stares. He looks up, and all the thieves are staring too.
“…Woo!” Ann cheers prematurely, “Go Joker!”
“What the hell’s he have to do?” Ryuji collapses back on one of the seats, looking
unconcerned.
“Um.” Ren picks up the booklet.
“What is it?” Morgana calls excitedly.
Ren taps at the front page. “A script.”
Goro snorts, taking a chair of his own and kicking up his feet. Ren glares, and glares some
more when he only gets a smirk in response. Some heat rises to his cheeks as he sees all the
other thieves following suit, gathering among the front-most seats and looking up at him with
expressions ranging from curious to downright eager.
“…So.” Ren isn’t exactly sure what he’s supposed to do here. He eyes the ceiling, wincing as
the spotlight immediately blinds him. He ducks his head, “You want me to read this?”
Shiraishi’s sigh is the most disappointed Ren has heard him through all their infiltrations. He
offers nothing else.
Ren makes a face, and turns his attention back towards the script.
“Scene, night. Enter—”
“You’re fucking with me, kid.”
Ren is fucking with him.
He clears his throat, trying to suppress his grimace.

“Woe, what is this misbegotten fate?” He starts, and the grimace is already back. “What is
this series of unfortunate spits upon my person? I, Arlecchino, timid fool and humble thief.”
Goro rolls his eyes. Ren wants to melt into the floor, a little bit.
“Some more spunk, mister leader!” Shiraishi prods.
Ren clears his throat again. “Il Capitano, that wretch. He who would seek to belittle my
company, seek mine, and our, end for sport.”
Ryuji is giving him double thumbs up. Yusuke keeps making gestures that Ren can only
interpret as turn up the emotion.
“But what can I do?” Ren reads out, “Cornered, and without recourse. I have no ace, nor
tricks, nor can my sticky fingers fix myself a way out.”
He pauses.
“There a problem?”
“Uh,” Ren tugs at his fringe, “Did you mean to enlist more actors, or am I supposed to play
this guy too?”
“Oh, right.” Shiraishi clicks his tongue, “Let’s see…”
All the thieves suddenly seem very interested in their hands.
“You.”
Goro curses loudly as some unseen force drags him towards the stage. From nowhere, a
script of his own drops into his hands.
He looks at the ceiling. “No.”
“No choice, Akechi-kun!”
Goro seethes as he flips to the right page. Eventually, he reads with flat affect, “If you believe
simple tricks and sleight of hand are all that are at your disposal, then you are more than
deserving of this fate.”
“Brighella!” Ren throws in a greeting bow, for fun. In the corner of his eye, Ryuji’s thumbs
up gets even more enthusiastic.
Goro scoffs before regaining his composure enough to recite his next line. “Il Capitano is
many things, but he is not immune to flattery. Nor tricks, nor subterfuge.”
“And how is that any different from my own methods?” Says Ren.
“Your methods,” Goro drawls, “Involving hustling idiots at cards?”
“Highly effective, you'll find!” Ren says cheerily. Maybe he doesn’t mind this so much.

“And what good has squirrelling away a pittance of Il Capitano's wealth done for you?” Goro
continues, “Now that he’s caught you by the tail?”
“Ah,” Ren sighs, “And there’s the rub."
“Quick to give up, you are,” Goro deadpans.
“Not so!”
“Then tell me your plans,” Goro insists.
“Tricky Brighella, I never would,” Ren shifts his voice somewhere colder. “I know you work
for Il Capitano.”
Ren watches Goro’s face go through a rather entertaining journey of emotion, settling
somewhere on severely irritated, mouthing something along the lines of ‘unoriginal’.
“Is that what you truly believe?” And Goro scoffs again, “Then I’ll take my advice and take
my leave, Arlecchino. Good luck wallowing yourself into the dirt.”
Immediately after finishing his line, the spotlight suddenly flicks off. Ren startles, and the
thieves yelp. After a moment, the spotlight flicks back on; narrower, centred only on Ren.
From the shade, Goro shrugs at him.
Ren fumbles with his script, turning the page. “Brighella is a scheming sort,” He begins
again. “I know not what he wants of me. Does he not serve Il Capitano loyally? Or have I
been fooled as well?”
He pauses again.
“…Maybe you should get all the people you need now, before someone new shows up and
we have to stop again.” Ren says to the ceiling.
“Whoops,” Shiraishi says, “Lucky, we only need one more.”
All the thieves begin examining the floor with interest again. Except Yusuke, who sits up
straighter.
“How about… you.”
Sumire squeaks as she’s dragged forward. The script is dropped in her hands before she even
makes it to the stage, stumbling to a stop under the light. She looks absolutely mortified, her
hands shaking as she tries to find the right page.
“Um…” She whispers, then coughs. “Unbecoming of you, fool, to fall for a bundle of your
own tricks!”
“Ah, fair Colombina!” Ren tries to give her an encouraging smile, “Crawling out of the
woodwork to grace me with your presence.”

“No verbal joust now, Arlecchino!” Sumire reads, aiming for stern and landing somewhere
around extremely nervous, “I know you’ve been tied up in knots by your own too-quick wit.”
“It was hardly my wit to land me here!” Ren protests, “It will be my wit that lets me out.”
“Il Capitano is no foe to be trifled with. Nor his tricky servant,” She recites, slowly.
“You believe me at my wit’s end?” Ren has to tamp down a snort.
“I believe your witticisms to be tiring.” Sumire gives him a look.
He didn’t write the damn thing. “I kid, I kid. But truly?”
“There is little hope left in store for you, Arlecchino! Unless you flee across the sea or the
world entire,” Sumire says.
“Ah, a man such as I can hardly afford a boat.”
“Perhaps a dingy,” Sumire looks to be suppressing a smile.
Ren whips out his arm, “Or perhaps one last trick to slip the knot!”
“I shall attend your funeral tearfully.” Sumire sighs.
The lights flick off again, and Ren is scarcely more prepared this time than the last. When
they flick back on, Sumire is off to the side in shade, while Ren and Goro are both back under
the light.
“Scheming Brighella!” Ren announces, with a bit more cheer than that line probably
deserves.
“What could you possibly want from me?” Goro scowls.
“Nothing you have not already offered!”
“Perhaps the price for my service should increase,” Goro reads snidely, “After you soiled it
with your spit.”
Ren turns away to hide his smile, “Too hasty, I was. I have come to rethink your offer.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“Though truly,” He turns back, “What is your offer?”
Goro shrugs, “Some subterfuge, some subtlety. Two things you are entirely incapable of.”
“Such barbs!” It’s hard to tell how many are actually directed at Ren. Most of them, he’d
wager.
“In truth, it depends on what you’re aiming for,” Goro says.

“I wish to make a fool of the man,” Ren declares. Interesting. “I took an eye, and he took an
arm. And now I wish to take a few limbs spare.”
A smirk twitches on Goro’s face, “Devilish! Now this I can provide. I’ll return to you soon,
Arlecchino. I’ve planning to do, schemes to lay.”
The spotlight, rather than switching off, simply shifts to only capture Ren.
Ren eyes the ceiling before continuing, “I still trust him not, tricky Brighella. His servitude is
no secret, his dubious loyalty even less so.”
“But fair Colombina…” Sumire buries her face in her script from the shade. “Her words stir
something in me. A curiosity! An idea! She urges me not to play devil’s games, yet
something calls for me to do just the opposite!”
Ryuji barks out a laugh from the audience. Ren isn’t sure if he should be offended or not.
“I’ll do this dance with Brighella,” Ren says, “But though he thinks little of me, he isn’t the
only one capable of schemes.”
The spotlight finally clicks off. After a moment, it flicks back on over Ren.
Ren takes a breath, prepared to speak his next line,
"Eh, skip it."
Ren blinks. Closes his mouth.
Goro lets his script drop to his side with a flop, "If you're going to get bored, couldn't you
have done everyone the courtesy of choosing a shorter play?"
"I like this one!"
"is this even a real play?" Sumire mutters, peeking out from over her script.
"Almost certainly not," Goro says.
"Exactly why we can skip ahead," Shiraishi announces. "This is my own work. I know all the
good bits."
Ren grunts as he's jerked forward, his script ripped from his hands. Suspended in the air, the
pages start flipping rapidly.
"You speak in riddles, fair Colombina…" He catches a glimpse of one of Arlecchino's lines.
Another page, "Your only chance is in gambles, Arlecchino!" says Colombina.
“Back and forth, you are.”
Another page,

"I bring good tidings, Il Capitano." A line from Brighella.
"Do you, loyal servant? Tell me more of your exploits!"
Another page.
"Still, Brighella eludes me." Says Arlecchino, "And Colombina has taken to being elusive on
purpose!"
The fluttering pages slow,
"How about..." Shiraishi drawls, "Here."
Ren's script is shoved back into his hands with a thump.
"Top of the page!"
Ren coughs. His rhythm is all but ruined. Ann gives him a sympathetic look from the
audience.
He coughs again. “Brighella! Just the man I was searching for.”
“Broadly, or right now?” Goro asks, much smoother than Ren managed.
“Both!” He regains some balance, “I'm curious to see what you've concocted in your time
acting as a ghost.”
Goro’s expression sours. “I do not cease to exist when out of your line of sight. For both our
sakes, I've been busy.”
Ren raises an eyebrow at the note attached to his next line, and dutifully turns to address the
audience “Busy with aid, or betrayal? The latter will be true no matter which side the coin
falls.”
Goro sighs loudly before reading his next line to Ren, “Ready yourself, Arlecchino.”
Ren waves a hand, “Yes, yes, might I ask what for?”
“I understand that you are not particularly suited for business, so I've taken the liberty of
setting the dominoes,” Goro says. “All you have to do is enjoy the show.”
Ren frowns at the next line on the script, opening his mouth to complain about the lack of
actors again, before Shiraishi’s voice booms overhead, “My dutiful servant!”
Goro startles, just barely. “Let. Me. Handle this,” He grits.
Ren gives a bow, “As you wish!”
The spotlight shifts, capturing just Ren and Sumire.
“Arlecchino!” Sumire calls. “What a fine mess you've found yourself in.”

“Yes I expect you would think so, fair Colombina,” Ren says. “I've never known your
convictions to swing so wildly!”
“You are taking a chance,” Sumire recites. “Lucky then, that you revel in such things.”
“Spying on my affairs?” Ren prods.
Sumire sniffs. Seems Ren isn’t the only one being clipped with vague personal attacks, “As I
do with everyone.”
“I would expect nothing less!” Ren laughs, “Truthfully, you've arrived just in time. Brighella
is smithing his lies, and I've yet to determine if he's the sort to share the spotlight.”
“He's an untrustworthy man,” Sumire says, shooting Goro an apologetic look. Goro just
shrugs.
“Mhm?” Ren prompts.
“A wildcard!”
Ren’s laugh tears out of him without consent, this time, “Of which we share in common!”
Sumire’s lips twitch up, “You ought to let him handle things.”
Ren tilts his head, “Quite the fence-sitter, of late.”
Sumire turns the page of her script, frowning before she reads her line. Ren looks down to
check—
He can’t read it. The letters swirl across the page as though the ink is still wet, unable to
settle.
An uncomfortable moment later, with Sumire squinting down at the page, she manages to
read, “I’m afraid I simply don’t know!”
A snap, and the spotlight covers the whole stage.
Goro looks to the ceiling. “Il Capitano, I bring good tidings.”
“I should surely hope so, servant!” Shiraishi laughs.
Goro’s face twists into a sneer. He closes his eyes, and resettles himself. “A report, of your
earnings. Your tenants and… associates have proven lucrative.”
“I would expect nothing less.”
“Yes…” Goro trails off, looking toward Ren.
Ren takes a step forward. “Ah, Brighella!”
“Is that the wayward thief?” Shiraishi calls from above.

“In the flesh!” Ren bows.
“What a turn!” Shiraishi cackles, “And what good timing. I do wonder what’s in that report
of yours, Brighella.”
“You imply it would be bad for me?” Ren says.
“I believe it simply dictates exactly how much you owe me.”
“Really?” Ren takes a step forward, “And not your dealings with criminals?”
“I was wondering what your gambit was!” Sumire reads.
“And I yours!” Ren laughs, “Though you still remain elusive to me. Tell me, Brighella, what
does that report of yours entail? I’ve come all this way to enjoy the show, after all!”
In lieu of any spoken line, Goro just stares.
“Brighella!” Ren exclaims, “Truly, I was right to prepare. Was it really your intention to
betray me, after going through all that effort?”
“Of course not, moron.” Goro snaps.
Uh.
“Uh.” Ren stutters. He really wishes people would stop throwing him off.
“Off-script, Akechi-kun.” Shiraishi comments drily.
Goro scowls, folding his script under his arm. “If we’re going along with the whole
Commedia dell’arte coat of paint, some improv seemed in order.”
“The what?” Ren lets his script flop to his side.
“Um…” Sumire pulls her own a bit closer to her face.
“I figured it would be right up your alley,” Goro drawls. “What with the masks and the
theatrics.”
“We’re only wearing our own masks, though?” Sumire frowns.
Goro waves a hand, “Usually there are specific ones for each character. Archetypes, I should
specify. Predefined roles that can be used in every story.”
“A lecture, Akechi-kun?” Shiraishi interrupts again, “Really?”
Goro ignores him, “We’re missing some of the more… common roles, for a coherent play of
this sort. The Innamorati being the most glaring absence,”
“The who?” Ren asks.

“The lovers,” Goro answers, rapid-fire, and Ren has to restrain himself from saying
something exceedingly stupid. “But nonetheless, the archetypes that are here are still intact.
Brighella, notably, schemes against his master as often as he works for him.”
Huh. Fitting. “…Meaning it’s only a fifty-fifty shot?”
Goro shrugs. Ren snorts.
“What about Arlecchino?” He asks.
“The archetypical Fool,” Goro says with disdain.
Ren frowns.
“Don’t pout.”
“I’m not!”
“What about Colombina?” Sumire interjects, not sounding like she particularly wants to
know.
“A clever servant, or otherwise.” Goro recites, “Insightful, and something of a gossip. She
fills a couple of different roles depending on the circumstances. Our playwright here couldn’t
seem to settle on just one.”
Sumire makes a face.
“This is dragging on a bit, Akechi-kun,” Shiraishi says.
Ren isn’t all that fond of hearing their unflattering character assignments either.
Though,
An idea sparks.
“How about Il Capitano?” Ren asks, casual. He idly flips through the script, the pages past
what they last spoke entirely blank.
A ghost of a smirk twitches at the edge of Goro’s mouth. “Rich. Overindulgent. An idiot who
can’t see no one respects him until the very last penny is drained from his coffers.”
Ren grins. “Wow,” He drawls.
“People can say all they want,” Shiraishi says, unconcerned. “Does it really matter what
people think of you when you hold all the power?”
“Ah, but therein lies the issue, Shiraishi-san,” Goro says airily.
“Would you say Il Capitano always finishes these stories utterly humiliated?” Ren asks with
mock curiosity.

“Well, of course.”
Sumire tilts her head, lowering the script she’s hiding behind. “…So he’s set himself up for
failure?”
“This is my play,” Shiraishi is beginning to sound indignant, “I haven’t set myself up for
anything.”
Ren takes back every uncharitable thought he’s ever had about the cognitive world. This is
great.
Palaces are no more free from the sway of the collective unconscious than the denizens of
Mementos are. Metatron chuckles in the recesses of Ren’s mind, I wonder if Shiraishi had
even heard of the archetypes he’s repurposed before assigning them?
Ren smirks, waving his script towards the ceiling, “I don’t think we even need to read the rest
of this.” He says, “We know the thief wins.”
All at once, the palace grinds to a halt.
Ren has felt palaces freeze, before. Okumura’s, when Akechi had grabbed it by the brainstem
and pulled. Shido’s, a lifetime ago, in whatever last-ditch attempt he had up his sleeve to
crush them beneath the rubble of his own mind.
This is a little more natural. Like a gasp, or a stuttered heartbeat.
The stage lights are the only sound in the sudden silence, a quiet whir.
“Oh,” Shiraishi voices.
Ren knows that he can move. He could run, shoot, slash— and yet he stays rooted in place.
His arm drops, his script falling against his side.
“I get it,” Shiraishi continues, “Really, I do. I’d call it cute.”
“Care to share with the class?” Goro mocks. Ren still doesn’t move, not even to kick him in
the shin.
“I get what you’re here for.”
That forces Ren to shift.
“Wait,” Ryuji says from the audience seats, “What the hell did you think we were here for?”
Shiraishi doesn’t acknowledge him, “You can’t have it, you know. And I’m not saying that as
a threat. It’s a statement.”
“Really,” Ren finds his voice again. The palace still hasn’t taken a breath.
“Really,” Shiraishi says, dully. “Did you think you’d waltz in here, abuse my hospitality?”

“You let us in!” Sumire exclaims.
“Through no shortage of fuckery, I might add,” Goro chimes in.
“And that fuckery ends here, Akechi-kun,” Shiraishi says with finality. “I’ve gotten my fill.”
“So you won’t let us through.” Haru tilts her head.
“No access. None. Zilch. Nada,” Shiraishi lists. “Good show kids, but I can’t run a circus
with thieves swooping in to steal the crowning act.”
“We had a deal.” Makoto crosses her arms.
“Never enter deals with the yakuza, miss!”
Ren sees Goro pause. Raise an eyebrow.
Now why…
Oh?
Oh.
Oh ho.
“No.” Ren says, “I think we’re good, actually.”
“Excuse me?”
Ren feels some of Joker’s smirk creep up his face again. The cognitive world provides once
again. “We put on a good show, didn’t we?”
“I won’t deny it, kid,” Shiraishi admits warily.
“Then that’s our deal done.” Ren shrugs. “You have to let us through.”
A scoff. “Not how it works, brat.”
“It’s not,” Goro agrees, but he looks curious. “Palaces hardly force people to keep their
word.”
“…Unless you twist it,” Makoto says quietly, her eyes widening slightly.
Goro’s eyebrows raise further.
Ren’s properly grinning, now. Shiraishi’s subconscious has really shot himself in the foot.
“You’ve already given the mile.” He takes their old entry tickets out of his pockets, and
waves them towards the ceiling. “I don’t see these disappearing.”
If the palace could hold its breath again somehow, without a space between, it certainly feels
like it has.

Very unfortunate for their un-generous host, to have chosen verbal contracts as a method of
progression.
“A deal is a deal,” Shiraishi intones, slowly.
Ah, now he’s catching on. Or, at least, doing the gymnastics necessary to think himself into a
corner.
“I didn’t take you for the type to hold to them so fastly,” Haru muses.
“If you break a deal,” Shiraishi grits, “You break off a client. Or an alliance. You ruin your
reputation. You only break a deal if you know you’ve got someone under your heel. To prove
a point.”
Ren barely even has to do anything, if Shiraishi is going to logic himself into a corner.
“Remind me,” He says airily, “The situation you’re in.”
“That being of course, exactly how effective you believe your so-called obstructions to
actually be to us.” Goro’s grin is knife-sharp.
“Very.” He doesn’t sound like he believes it.
“Rrrreally now?” Futaba drawls.
“I get the game you’re playing.”
“Oh, yeah?” Ann tosses her hair over her shoulder.
“If you win the battle you win the war. If you claim an inch you get the whole mile, etcetera,
etcetera.”
“Kinda sounds like that’s exactly what’s happenin’, yeah,” Ryuji agrees.
“I could have made any one of these little challenges entirely insurmountable,” Shiraishi
warns, genuine danger finally beginning to creep into his voice. “And you’ve yet to meet the
final hurdle.”
“We’ll take our chances.” Morgana crosses his arms.
The palace breathes.
“Hey,” Shiraishi says, friendly as ever, “If that’s the game you want to play.”
Ren reaches into his pocket, and finds the final ticket. A curtain on the far side of the stage
opens by itself, revealing a yet larger tent. Through the folds, Ren sees the shimmering cloud
of an unformed treasure, and the tell-tale pinprick gold of the eyes of a shadow, sitting high
above in a balcony seat.
Ren smirks, and ducks to give a salute the shadow can see. “We’ll see you around.”

Chapter End Notes

almost christmas already, huh? goodness.....
now several of you may notice that i have yet to respond to comments from the last
chapter. this is because i was stuck in a cycle, a repeating pattern, and thus it is rather
late as i write this. fear not, i'll get to it. soon. when i properly wake up, presumably
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! aaaaaand we're back to nothin
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Shiraishi: I'll torture them...... with the stage
Ren: oh lmao i forgot i was a theatre kid
Shiraishi: fuck

Chapter 108
Chapter Summary

Precautions and lockdowns.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Shiraishi’s palace is complete, to the extent that they can complete it with their self-imposed
restrictions, and one final hurdle remains.
One final hurdle, Haru amends in her mind, of the non-godly variety. Though if she were to
be honest with herself, she considers the respective obstacles of Yaldabaoth and Maruki to be
far less complicated than Shido and his army of co-conspirators. Perhaps Sumire and Ren
might think otherwise, but she has a suspicion that she and Goro are like-minded in this
regard.
Gods do not concern themselves with politics. Gods only threaten their homes existentially,
rather than literally. Gods only leave lasting stains on their lives in the psychological sense.
To kill a god is easy. To kill an ideology, that whips the masses into a frenzy and chases them
to all the dark corners they could possibly think to hide, is much harder.
And thus, her dilemma:
How do you run from something that cannot simply be dealt with?
Haru is under no illusions that she is in quite the same position as her friends. As tenuous as
her status often feels, as quickly as the social winds shift for and against her family’s favour,
as absolutely powerless as she was with her father turning the other way and Sugimura
feeling up her hips, it was never the law that would do her in.
The only way Shido will truly catch her is if she’s bleeding out on her own carpet, which is
it’s own kind of horrifying she supposes. But, a distinctly more avoidable horrifying than
being snapped up off the street and sent to a windowless room to be questioned and beaten
until she breaks.
She could stand to exercise her power a little more liberally. She has hardly had time to fight
the tooth and nail she ought to against the various executives in Okumura Foods, but she still
remains her family’s rather sudden matriarch.
Theoretically, she could extend the safety she enjoys to her friends simply by pulling enough
strings. Now that she sits at its centre, the web afforded to her by her now-indisposed father
seems awfully grand.

Unsubtle, and untested in its effectiveness. But an option, which everyone seems so intent on
reminding each other that they lack.
Her home was initially dismissed in the list of safe options to hide away in due to the scrutiny
she’s facing, but with the police running out of excuses to rummage through her things the
longer her father’s condition remains inexplicable, does this remain the case? As Haru is
slowly coming to realise, there is very little that the police can force her to do.
A somewhat grim revelation, knowing what they can most certainly do to anyone that isn’t
her.
Being free from the police doesn’t stop her from being susceptible to bullets, though.
They’re such elegant things. Astarte titters.
Haru is inclined to agree, though less so when it’s her own blood and brains scattered against
a wall that she’s envisioning. She doesn’t envy the person who’d have to clean that up.
Shiraishi will not be truly dealt with until Shido is. And even if he were, that doesn’t stop
Shido from simply hiring someone else. She doesn’t like her chances with either option.
Fire with fire, then? Gunfire, that is.
Haru smiles, pressing a hand to her lips to hide it even with no one watching.
If she wishes to shield her friends, there isn’t much she can do but that. Buying loyalty with
money is a tenuous thing, but she does happen to have quite a lot of money.
Then, Haru supposes, it’s what she’ll do.
…
There is an ideal world that she keeps close to her heart, where she is not heiress to more
money than most could feasibly even conceive. Where the Phantom Thieves are a silly game
she plays with her friends, the threats they run from little more than shadows on the wall.
Where she runs a café like her grandfather did, where her father never stopped forgetting that
love is not a bargaining chip.
Maybe, if she were to be particularly defeatist, where he loved her at all.
She tucks the world away, somewhere to hide it from prying eyes and twisting roots. Maybe
one day, when she has beaten her life into something she wishes it was, she can unfold it
from her heart and get to work.
“Takakura-san,” She says, after ringing a seldom-used number on her phone, “Tell me. Who
did my father tend to hire for protection?”
***

“So.” Futaba leaps up from her own futon to sit next to Ren on his. “When are we starting
Shido’s palace?”
And isn’t that the question?
Morgana groans, “We just finished the cleaner’s.”
“And?” Futaba flops back, “We only have seven days.”
A good point. Ren considers that if the thieves were ever left with only seven days to work
with, back last-this year, everyone would have been in a panic and his head would probably
have been on a pike. He really does miss the days of reasonable palace deadlines.
“Well…” Morgana doesn’t have much of a protest to that. “…How long did Shido’s palace
take last time?”
“Less than six days.” Ren answers.
“…But the palace could decide to fuck us.” Futaba adds.
“That too.” Ren rubs at his eyes.
Morgana gives them both a look. “…Let’s pretend that won’t happen for a second.” He says,
very optimistically in Ren’s opinion, “What obstacles are we looking at?”
“Mice.” Ren says.
“What?”
“Or maybe rats.” He amends. “That happened last time.”
Futaba makes a face, “Like, shadows?”
“Us, more like.” Ren says grimly.
“Not looking forward to it.” Morgana decides, wisely. “What else?”
Ren leans back on his hands. “…The actual treasure room is really close to the entrance. But
to get in we need to play fetch with a bunch of keys. Letters of recommendation.”
“Oh, right, there are a bunch of cognitions or whatever?” Futaba’s face scrunches.
“Great.” Morgana sighs.
Ren eyes the ceiling. “Shido’s VIPs weren’t so bad.”
“Great!” Futaba says, with a fair bit more enthusiasm.
“…What about Akechi’s cognition?” Morgana asks.
Ren snorts bitterly, and shrugs. “Ask him.”

For all that Goro himself insisted that his cognition is different, Ren isn’t sure how much he
trusts that. He thinks he might always have the dead-eyed mannequin lurking somewhere in
his nightmares, with a smile that stretches wider than its face.
Futaba never could sense Goro when he didn’t want to be found. She couldn’t sense the
cognition, either. So what’s their counter?
None at all! Their new normal.
“So…” Futaba echoes, bringing her knees to her chest. “Are we going today or not?”
Ren thinks about iron and blood. About salt and the breeze. About rust and klaxon alarms.
“We get one day off.” He decides. “Tomorrow, we get this over with.”
***
As sick of palaces fucking with him as he is, Akechi can’t say he’s grateful for the day off.
He, Ann, and the Niijimas finished shoving all their things into convenient bags within two
hours. They spent the rest of the day stewing in silence, eyeing the front door on the off
chance Shido’s goons have developed a sense for subtlety.
Sunday morning, when Ren sends the call for everyone to meet in front of the Diet Building,
Akechi feels more awake than he has in months.
“Good luck,” Sae calls after them warily.
“Thanks.” Makoto nods stiffly.
“Wait,” Akechi says.
Ann pauses, her hand hovering over her phone. Her eyes flick back and forth, a bit spooked.
“What?”
Akechi nods towards Sae, “She’s the only one of us who can’t escape into the Metaverse if
things go sour.”
“You could always give me your phone again,” Sae says easily.
Akechi looks at Makoto. “You heard her.”
“Why me?”
“She’s your sister.”
Makoto stomps on his foot, hard enough that he hisses out a curse, but does begrudgingly
throw her phone at Sae.
Sae catches it, “…I don’t know the pin.”

“Oh.” Makoto quickly jogs over to whisper her pin in Sae’s ear. On her way back, she pauses.
“Don’t. Look through my stuff.”
“The thought hadn’t occurred to me,” Sae tells her. “I won’t,” She promises, when Makoto
scowls.
Ann’s hand is still hovering over her phone, Metanav open. “We good?”
Sae gestures to the pile of all their stuff on the living room floor with Makoto’s phone in
hand. “Certainly on my end.”
Akechi nods, “Then I believe we’re good.”
Ann nods as well, “Alright,” and the world spins and bleeds red.
***
Akechi finds that the walk to the Diet Building is more infuriating when he has a goal in
mind. Time stretches longer than it should, the pulsing swirl of the Mementos sky only
serving to make him dizzy.
But eventually they make it, the other thieves arriving in ones and twos and threes until
they’re all crowded outside the gates.
Forgoing introductions, because they certainly don’t need them at this point, Ren waves his
phone. “Anyone wanna do the honours?”
“Just get us in there.” Akechi snaps.
“Alright, alright.” Ren winces, scrolling to the Nav.
“Masayoshi Shido, Diet Building, Ship.” He recites.
Candidate Found. Beginning Navigation.
The smell of iron is immediate.
“Uh,” Ryuji says, “Are we just in the real world?”
“Our clothes have changed.” Yusuke points out.
“But the Diet looks normal.”
“Look harder.” Akechi says, pointing towards the sea.
The thieves that hadn’t spotted it immediately all wince at the sight. Shattered buildings, and
a drowned city, all bathed in red red red from the sky and the sea both.
Sumire claps a hand over her nose, “It smells awful.”
“Like blood.” Makoto agrees grimly.

“It doesn’t smell as bad inside.” Ren says, waving them forward. “C’mon.”
Akechi follows, but narrows his eyes at the empty deck.
Haru jogs up to his side, whispering, “Wasn’t your cognition stuck out here?”
“Supposedly.” Akechi murmurs. “Perhaps he’s taken another swim.”
“Or he’s somewhere in there.” She nods towards the ship proper.
“Certainly possible,” Akechi agrees. “Keep an eye out. He’s a good shot.”
“Assuming he’ll be sniping us with bullets and not words,” Haru comments.
“You can never be too careful.”
Haru huffs a laugh, looking unenthused as they step inside. “I suppose.”
Akechi snorts, and immediately stops as he sees the foyer. Ahead of him, Ren also halts.
“Don’t tell me something’s wrong already,” Ann begs.
“Uh…” Ren hesitates.
“Hm.” Akechi doesn’t have much to say himself.
“Kinda empty in here, guys,” Futaba comments. “Like, cognition wise.”
Which is, of course, the issue. One thing irritatingly consistent about this palace was always
the droves of cognitions, faceless and masked, all tittering about something or other over
champagne flutes and finger foods.
And now there are none.
“Attention, all passengers.” The speakers attached to every pillar shriek with the sudden
feedback, “An announcement from your captain.”
“Hey, is that him?” Ryuji’s head whips up, glaring around for the source.
“Safe in his quarters, no doubt,” Akechi mutters.
“Due to safety concerns, the ship will remain on lockdown for the foreseeable future.
Thieves, a danger to both you and the broader function of this ship, prowl our halls. For your
safety, remain in your quarters, or within zones marked by our security. Rest assured, all
trespassers with be dealt with shortly.”
The speakers whine, and the announcement ends with a click.
“…No blending in for us, then?” Sumire jokes halfheartedly.
“Apparently not.” Makoto sighs.

“There are still shadows around.” Haru frowns, pointing up the stairs to the second layer of
the lobby. Bulky shadows prowl, as alert as they can be in their limited awareness.
“Guess that’s security,” Morgana says.
Ren’s eyes are narrowed at every pillar and crevice, like something’s going to jump the
second he turns his back. “…Yeah,” he agrees belatedly, “The treasure room was just up
ahead. Might as well check just in case something’s changed.”
“Lead the way,” Yusuke hums, his hands dropping from framing the palace at various angles,
and the thieves all start forward.
It’s relatively trivial to dodge the shadows’ attention, even without the natural cover of
crowded cognitions. Beyond the silence, periodically broken by the same announcement
blaring over the speakers, the palace is exactly as Akechi remembers. Velvet, gold, and
opulence. The smell of blood barely drowned by champagne.
The shadows they cannot avoid, they eviscerate.
“Anat!” Makoto calls, enjoying her spot on the front lines.
“Woah!” Futaba shouts down, “Looks like Queen got a stat boost!”
Finishing their foe with a burst of nuclear energy, Makoto’s smug exhilaration melts into
something more bashful. “I had… an epiphany, I guess.”
“Several days ago.” Akechi snorts.
“There wasn’t much chance to show it off in Shiraishi’s palace.” Makoto scowls.
“That aside, what an epiphany it is,” says Yusuke, framing where the persona stood with his
hands.
“Nice goin’ Queen!” Ryuji cheers. “Nice to have you on the Persona evolution club.”
Ann gives an enthusiastic thumbs up, “That makes… four of us! Or, wait… Noir too! Five!”
“Wouldn’t I count, too?” Sumire raises a hand.
“Six!” Ann corrects. “Wait, what was your Persona before?”
“Cendrillion,” Sumire says. “And then Vanadis. Ella happened just barely before the time
travel stuff, actually.”
“Ooo a triple,” Futaba hums.
“I wonder if the rest of us can do that…” Morgana muses, a complicated look on his face.
“Give it time,” Ren says, vague as he can given the subject. “But focus up. We’re here.”
The door to the inner chamber stands tall as ever, five slots unchanged on its panels.

“I can definitely smell the treasure past that door,” Morgana says.
Ann puts a hand on her hip, “Good to know it hasn’t moved, I guess?”
Futaba drops down from Necronomicon to knock on the door. She whistles. “Yep,” she
assesses, “Pretty solid.”
“Not something we can brute force?” Haru asks.
Futaba snorts, “With the power of a bomb, maybe. A real one. I’m guessin’ Shido is a bit
more strong-willed than any of our last goons.”
“You’d be correct in that.” Akechi scraps a gauntlet against the wood, “Specifically
protecting himself against shortcuts like breaking down the door is something Shido is rather
proficient in, if his cocktail of paranoia and overconfidence alone doesn’t act as a sufficient
shield.”
“It doesn’t seem to indicate what we actually need for these slots.” Yusuke observes.
“Yeah,” Ren says, “We got that info by asking around, last time.”
“And now there’s no one to ask.” Queen clicks her tongue.
Morgana crosses his arms, “Well, good thing we’ve got foreknowledge.”
“The only problem is that we won’t know if something’s changed…” Sumire frowns.
“We’ll find out quick once we start getting those letters from the VIPs,” Ren declares. “I
remember the closest one being Ooe, in the restaurant.”
“I see…” Futaba says, pulling herself back into her persona. “Now where would that be?”
“Yo, there’s a pamphlet thing over here.” Ryuji waves them over to a stand, “It’s got a map
inside.”
“Ah, perfect!” One of Necronomicon’s tentacles snatches the pamphlet out of Ryuji’s hand,
who yelps in protest. “Restaurant… Restaurant… ah ha! This way, o noble thieves!”
Futaba begins directing them forward, and Akechi looks up at her pointedly. “I could have
told you where it was. Or Joker, if he remembers.”
“Can it!”
***
The bar and restaurant floor of the ship is as dead silent as the rest of the palace thus far.
“Will Ooe even be here?” Ann asks, “Or is he gonna be in his own room or something?”
“Can’t hurt to check,” Sumire says. “We’re already here.”

“True enough,” Akechi agrees, “Oracle, where’s the restaurant proper?”
“I thought you knew where everything is,” she grumbles.
“Well I didn’t memorise it.”
A beleaguered sigh, “This way, o idiot thieves.”
“Hey!” Ryuji complains.
Futaba guides them a short way further, dodging shadows (or eviscerating them when that
fails) along the way, eventually arriving at a hallway with closed double doors at its end.
There’s a reception desk where a cognition used to sit, currently empty.
Ren strides forward, confidently pushing the door open.
…Attempts to push the door open.
“It won’t budge,” Ren announces, with as much grace as someone who just failed to open a
door can possibly muster.
“Will this door break if we hit it hard enough?” Ryuji asks, spinning his metal pipe like a
batter ready to march up to the plate.
“Probably.” Akechi folds his arms, “If we want to deal with an army of shadows.”
Ryuji groans.
“…I think there’s another way in,” Morgana sniffs, “I can’t tell where, though.”
“I’ve gotcha covered, kitty!” Futaba says. “Hm… Looks like we can get in through there.”
A pause.
“…Where?” Makoto asks, pointedly.
“Oh.”
Futaba drops down, and points to the portholes lining the hallway, “There.”
“You want us to go outside?!” Ann yelps, “What do you want us to climb with, our
fingernails?”
“There is… a small ledge,” Haru observes, peering through one window.
“Calm down!” Futaba waves her hands, “You’d only need to walk a really short way until
you reach the air vent! Then it’s just a short crawl to the restaurant!”
“You do realise you’ll have to walk with us, yes?” Yusuke frowns at her.

“No I won’t!” She puts her hands on her hips. “Necronomicon can totally handle being out
there!”
A pause, as Futaba suddenly frowns. Akechi assumes Necronomicon has some protest. He
can guess it’s something along the lines of ‘ships move faster than miniature UFOs’.
“Beans,” Futaba announces.
“Won’t breaking a window draw some attention?” Makoto interrupts.
“Not if we’re quick about it.” Futaba shrugs, “Palace logic. The window itself doesn’t lead
anywhere super important, so as long as no one sees us I think we’re clear.”
Makoto sighs, “Well, then I suppose it’s your call, Joker.”
Ren responds by throwing his dagger at the porthole. It scuffs off the glass with a small ting,
leaving a pitiful chip. They all stare at the knife on the floor.
“I thought that would be cooler,” Ren tells them.
“It wasn’t,” Akechi says.
Haru heaves her axe through the window, putting the matter to bed.
***
“I should have taken my shoes off,” Sumire squeaks, barely audible over the roaring wind.
Ren, Makoto, and Ryuji are ahead of them, shuffling across the few metres between the
window and the air vent. The sea doesn’t look any more inviting here than it does from the
deck, as it crashes violently against the side of the ship.
“Don’t fall,” Akechi warns her.
“I have a grappling hook,” She says, “So I’ll be okay. Probably.”
Akechi nods. He pauses, “…Why didn’t you use it when Shiraishi was tossing you around?”
“That might have been cheating,” She says. “And I took my coat off,” She adds.
She looks suspiciously sheepish. “You forgot,” Akechi guesses.
“There wasn’t really an opportunity anyway,” She protests, weakly taking another step.
Ann emerges carefully from the porthole, immediately retching. “Ugh, it smells disgusting.”
Haru pokes her head out, her nose wrinkling. “No, it’s not very pleasant, is it?”
“Let’s just get this over with quickly,” Akechi says. He doesn’t think they even heard him, his
voice dashed with another burst of wind.

To his other side, Ren peels away the vent cover with his dagger. He tosses the cover into the
sea with disdain, wasting no time sliding into the vent, Ryuji and Makoto quick on his tail.
Akechi casts a quick glance over to make sure no one has tumbled into the sea. Sumire gives
him a nod, and he can see Yusuke carefully guiding Oracle across. Satisfied that the
remaining thieves won’t immediately die the second he turns his back, Akechi slides into the
vent.
Crawling through the air vent is neither quick nor particularly stealthy. Akechi keeps scraping
against the metal with his gauntlets, making horrific screeching sounds that send a disgusted
shudder down the line of thieves. Makoto’s shoulder pads bang against the walls, leaving a
trail of small dents. The less said about Haru’s attempts at dragging her weapons through, the
better.
Eventually, they do emerge on the other side.
At a first glance, the restaurant looks the same as it ever did. There’s even a pianist playing
that same song on the stage. At a second glance, the frankly excessive pile of tables and
chairs barricading the door paints a different picture.
As far from any entrance or exit as he can be, Akechi spots the cognition of Masaki Ooe
barking orders at servants and patrons to build the barricade higher.
“So… what?” Ann puts a hand on her hip, “We just beat him up?”
“Yeah,” Ren says, “I guess.”
“Surely we can try and get through this without a fight?” Makoto sighs, “We don’t have
infinite resources.”
“I think Shido may have removed that option for us,” Haru points out. “We’ll be recognised
as thieves immediately.”
“True,” Makoto begrudgingly concedes.
“I suppose if we made it through Shiraishi’s palace without raising arms, it’s only fair that we
suffer through a few scuffles here,” Yusuke says.
Ryuji sighs, “I guess I’ve been itchin’ to hit somethin’.”
“That’s the spirit.” Ren clicks his fingers.
“It’s good practice for later, when you need to hit his real shadow!” is Futaba’s contribution,
who’s already whisked herself back into Necronomicon.
Ren waves an arm, “Come on, then.” He calls: “Ooe-san!”
Ooe jumps, eyes widening to a comical degree as the thieves approach.
“Thieves!” He shrieks.

“…Shido doesn’t exactly have a flattering image of this guy, huh?” Morgana says drily.
“You’ll find he has unflattering thoughts of everyone.” Akechi deadpans.
“Should’ve expected that, I guess.”
“How did you get in here?!” Ooe interrupts them shrilly.
“Not important.” Ren cuts him off, pointing his dagger at him, “You have a letter of
recommendation. Mind if we relieve you of it?”
“You’ll never take me alive!”
Makoto sighs, dropping her head in her hands.
“We’re not going to kill you!” Sumire quickly waves her hands.
“Seems unnecessary to reassure it,” Akechi mutters. Sumire politely stomps on his foot.
“Really?” Ooe asks, looking desperate.
“Really!” Sumire nods.
Akechi sighs, taking a step back from the sudden parley. He casts a glance around the rest of
the restaurant, raising an eyebrow at how several cognitions are now maskless.
Overconfidence, on his part? Robin suggests, To think that he knows people?
OR, HE CAN SEE HOW PEOPLE ARE BEGINNING TO JUMP SHIP NOW THAT IT'S
SINKING! Loki cackles.
Either could be true, Akechi supposes. It’s hard to say, when he no longer has insider insight
into the state of the conspiracy.
His gaze catches on the pianist. His own grin stares back at him.
Akechi casts a sharp look at the rest of the thieves, checking to see if any of them have
noticed. They all seem thoroughly enraptured by the babbling cognition, and he takes the
chance to split away.
“Back inside?” Akechi sneers.
His mirror’s grin splits wider. “Not forever, I expect. Or maybe I’ve finally slipped the net?”
The cognition is still dripping wet, hair caked with salt water. “Have fun with your gamble,”
Akechi says.
“I suppose I will,” It hums, fingers still dancing across the keys. It sounds clumsier, last
Akechi heard it play.
“So,” Akechi says, “Are you just here to observe?”

The cognition shrugs, “I’ve nothing better to do.” It leans to look around him, “Your friends
seem… lively.”
Akechi squints over at the thieves. Ooe appears to be panicking again. Rather than continuing
on her ‘peaceful resolution’ track, Makoto has pivoted to actively threatening him.
“That they are,” Akechi agrees.
“Charming.”
Akechi bares his teeth, “I’d run off, if I were you.”
It smirks, eyes fixed to the piano, “Oh?”
“I doubt it’s just the Cleaner you have to worry about,” Akechi warns, thinking of that
resparking fire in Ren’s eyes, of Haru’s tight grip on her axe. “You wouldn’t last long.”
The cognition hums. “Worried, are you?”
“Of course not.”
“You really haven’t killed me in a while,” it muses. It looks him in the eye, “Can you feel
what’s changed?”
The Tower,
The—
It’s leaning,
Cracking at the base,
“I don’t know,” Akechi says, chest tightening as threads sharpen to wires,
—and go slack.
The cognition hums, lost in thought.
Akechi hears the negotiations devolve into a scuffle, somewhere behind him.
“Maybe you should deal with that.” The cognition suggests.
Akechi clicks his tongue, any sharp retort having gone dull in the nausea of whatever the
Tower is doing, twisting in his chest. He spins on his heel, marching over to the frenzy— the
facade of Ooe’s cognition having sloughed off, revealing a shadow in the form of a manyheaded snake.
“Where the hell were you?!” Ren coughs out mid dagger slice.
“Enjoying the music.” Akechi deadpans, ripping his mask from his face in blue fire.

***
“Please!” The cognition begs. With the shadow dead, the skin returns. “Please don’t kill me!”
“That wasn’t so bad.” Ryuji comments, ignoring Ooe’s blubbering.
“It honestly would have been better if you weren’t all trying to attack at once.” Futaba
snarks.
“More attacks mean the fight’s over faster!”
“I think we’ve all been itching for a fight,” Morgana says tiredly, “It’s been a while.”
“It has,” Ren agrees, spinning his dagger artfully, flipping it in the air and catching it against
the cognition’s throat. “Now, the letter?”
“Take it!” Ooe practically begs, digging through his suit pockets and thrusting the letter of
recommendation into Ren’s hands, “Damn the captain!”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“Shido really doesn’t expect his VIPs to be loyal, huh?” Ann frowns.
“He doesn’t expect it,” Akechi agrees, “He demands it. He must be on his last nerve of
paranoia, for the cognitions to be in such a state.”
“Makes life easier for us.” Ren says. The captain’s lockdown announcement sounds over the
speakers again. “Marginally.”
“Well…” Sumire fiddles with her gloves, “Where to next?”
“Next was…” Ren tilts his head, “That noble guy. He was by the pool deck.”
“Hideo Matsui,” Akechi agrees.
“That guy.” Ren nods. “Any direction, Oracle?”
“Yeah, yeah, let me get it,” Futaba mutters. “The pool… ah ha! Looks like there’s a route out
the back entrance of the restaurant. It’s past some of the passenger cabins, looks like.”
Ren hums, “Sounds familiar. We should head out, then.”
***
They leave the restaurant behind with little fanfare, Futaba carefully guiding them to their
next destination.
From what he remembers, the exact layout of the palace seems no different from how it was,
both this time and last. Akechi doesn’t trust it, not really. He doesn’t expect the floor to fall
away or anything so drastic, but he can’t help but feel that the ship’s guts will be twisted once
they travel deeper.

“Hey…” Ann begins as they walk, “Will this guy even be at the pool? The ship’s on
lockdown.”
“Oh.” Futaba coughs. “Good point.”
Ryuji groans.
“We don’t exactly have any other leads,” Haru says. “There’s no one to ask. And I doubt
there’s anything so convenient as a passenger registry lying around.”
“See, you say that.”
Haru tilts her head, and waits.
“You say that, and you’re correct,” Futaba concedes.
“It can’t hurt to check, at least,” Makoto says.
Sumire nods, “Surely there’ll still be some trace of him, if he’s been displaced.”
“That’s true,” Morgana agrees. “Then I guess our destination is still set.”
Suddenly, at the front of the crowd, Ren stops. “Wait.”
Everyone waits.
“Uh.” Ren looks a bit awkward under the sudden attention, “This is where the mice stuff
started.”
Akechi looks around. “Ah,” He observes, “So it is.”
“The mice…?” Yusuke prompts.
“We’re about to get turned into rats, apparently,” Futaba says, “No other way about it! Take
it away, Joker!”
“Can’t we find a way around?” Sumire suggests, eyeing the hall ahead with distaste.
“Nope,” Ren says, and takes a step forward.
…Nothing happens.
“Hey, guess that solves that.” Ryuji shrugs.
“Was it somewhere else?” Makoto frowns.
“No.” Ren looks baffled, “It was definitely here.”
Ann hops over to the other side. She pats herself down. “Still human!” she confirms.
“We can see that,” Ryuji deadpans.

“Maybe… Shido’s cognition changed?” Morgana suggests, “Well, that’d have to be it, I
guess.”
“Perhaps he considers us more threatening than last time?” Haru muses. “If the mice situation
was symbolic of, well, us being little more than rodents to him…”
“I suppose that could be it,” Akechi agrees as they all begin to walk forward again. “It’s
amusing in its own right, but not particularly important.”
“So long as we make it through.” Sumire hums. Yusuke seems vaguely put out, for what
Akechi is sure is an entirely ridiculous reason.
“Speaking of,” Futaba says, “Full steam ahead, people! If you will observe, the pool deck is
on your left.”
Ren dutifully turns left at the next intersection, opening a set of doors and stepping through.
The pool deck is empty, as expected.
“Ugh, how’re we even gonna track this guy down?” Ryuji complains. “Follow his
footprints?”
Ren shrugs, “Not the weirdest thing to happen in a palace”
“I guess.”
Akechi’s eyes flit about the pool deck. He freezes mid-step as they catch on the centre of the
pool.
“That may not be an issue,” he says.
Makoto is first to gasp, as he points towards a bloated corpse lying face down in the pool.
Hesitantly, they all shuffle towards the edge.
“Is that him?” Sumire asks, grimacing and looking away.
“There’s one way to find out,” Yusuke says grimly.
“Ohhhh that’s gross.” Futaba sounds ill.
Ren looks vaguely disgusted as well. “Yeah, uh.” He looks around. “Any… poles? Sticks?”
“Loki,” Akechi summons. Casting an arm forward, he directs his persona to drag the
cognition’s corpse closer, batting it across the surface with its red-hot sword.
He dismisses Loki as the body gently bumps against the pool’s edge. When no one else
moves, Ryuji starts awkwardly trying to poke the body with his pipe to flip it. Ren
begrudgingly starts helping after a moment, placing his foot on one side of the corpse as
Ryuji levers the other side.

With some effort, they finally flip him over.
“That ‘im?” Ryuji asks, leaping about a metre back as soon as the job is done.
“Well,” Akechi declares, “It certainly is.”
“Saves us having to deal with him,” Ann mumbles, looking a bit green.
“Where would his letter be, though?” Haru asks, “Somewhere among the deck chairs?”
Makoto very slowly gets to her knees, and reaches inside the pockets of the cognition’s board
shorts. After a moment, she extracts a sopping wet envelope.
“Will this still work?” She pinches it between her thumb and index finger, holding it as far
away from herself as she can.
Ren grimaces, taking it and shoving it into his pockets, “It’d better.”
“I suppose that’s a matter of if this,” Akechi gestures to the corpse, “Means Shido has already
axed Matsui from his inner circle, or if it simply means he believes Matsui won’t last long as
the conspiracy shakes.”
“I suppose we’ll find out.” Makoto sighs, “We’ll have to question the next VIP we run into.”
“Assuming they aren’t also…” Sumire trails off.
“Nonetheless, that’s two of five letters,” Haru says. “Where to next?”
If Akechi had his way, they would be pushing onward until they drop. If he had his way,
they’d have pried the treasure room doors open, damn the impossibility. If he had his way,
This ship would be long sunk.
He doesn’t protest when Ren says, “Out. I think that’s enough for today.”

Chapter End Notes

HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! i'm prepping this chapter at 40 mins past midnight lmao. here's
to a great 2026! (please god let this be the year i finish this fic please please please)
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! palace soup today. Akechi gets a pass

Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Are you going to elaborate on what your Deal is? becuase you've clearly figured
it out.
Cogkechi: would *you* elaborate in my position?
Akechi: god no
Cogkechi: your question has been answered

Chapter 109
Chapter Summary

Setbacks, monotony, and interlude III

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Despite her inclination towards the more catastrophic sort of restless boredom (a trait she
finds she shares with Akechi of all people, which she avoids thinking about), Sae Niijima
doesn’t dare occupy herself with anything more than the most minor of activities.
Making a cup of coffee. Chipping away at the crossword. Making headway in that damn
book on native birds that she doesn’t know why she swiped from her own apartment so long
ago. Nothing that could fully divert her attention from straining her ears and keeping her
hand hovered over Makoto’s phone.
She isn’t sure if she expects someone to come knocking. None of the thieves who have had to
escape their homes have been around to confirm that their choice was well made. The
expectation is there, certainly, for herself, for Akechi, for the Sakuras, but will comparatively
insignificant infringements upon Shido’s conspiracy like Sakamoto and Takamaki be given
the same treatment?
Sae supposes that being a Phantom Thief is already well past the realm of insignificance. The
choice to hide is the correct one.
Not that they’ve hidden yet.
As absolutely maddening her lack of things to do is, she finds that concentrating on reading is
an impossible task. She closes the book she’ll never finish with a thump.
Maybe she should make another cup of coffee—
The sound of someone rattling the doorknob.
A moment later, a deceptively polite knock.
Sae’s breath catches.
Her hands do not shake as she reaches for Makoto’s phone.
The polite knocking pauses. It restarts as sharp bangs.

“Excuse me?! What on earth are you doing?!” A voice from the hall.
“No need to worry, ma’am, we have a warrant to search this residence.”
Sae gently, carefully, far-too-slowly (she wants to run, run, kick off her heels and kick in the
door and kick in their faces before they get the chance to do it first), lies back on their pile of
stuff, ensuring some part of her is making contact with each box and bag.
“It’s just Takamaki-san’s daughter that lives there! Do you really have to barge in on a
teenage girl? Just wait until she gets home!”
She lifts Makoto’s phone to her face,
“Ma’am, we’ll have to ask you to leave.”
“Mementos,” Sae whispers, and feels the world dissolve.
***
For all she’s been building it up in her head, Ann found that Shido’s palace was a bit
anticlimactic.
Well, she thinks again, not quite. The palace itself is something to behold. It’s just with Ren
and Akechi both acting as they tend to do, Ann was expecting there to be spike traps and
sniper rifles trained on them from every direction.
She won’t complain. They’ve enough of that in reality, she thinks.
A point quickly proven the moment she, Makoto, and Akechi arrive home.
“Welcome back,” Niijima greets them.
Ann blinks. The room and sky are still stained red. Niijima sits perched atop all their bags
and boxes, one leg crossed over the other.
Akechi sighs.
Niijima tosses Makoto her phone back, who fumbles slightly to catch it.
“People came knocking, then?” Akechi asks.
Niijima nods, and stands, “That they did.”
Oh.
It’s not like Ann didn’t expect it. She helped plan for it.
Makoto crosses her arms. “Well. Now what?”
Everyone is silent.

“To Mementos proper?” Akechi suggests.
“To sleep?” Ann asks, incredulous.
Akechi makes a face. “Fair point.”
“Can’t we just sleep here?” Niijima gestures around.
“I suppose.” Akechi shrugs, “If you’re alright with knowing there are men intent on our death
one step past the veil of reality.”
“Paranoia aside,” Makoto interjects, “How stable is the cognition of this place even going to
be, now that we won’t be living in the real version of it?”
“Bad,” is Akechi’s answer. “Not to mention it will likely start shifting quickly, depending on
how fast it’s torn apart.”
“Let’s just go to Shibuya,” Ann decides, ignoring that statement for her own sake. “We can…
find a nearby hotel, or something. Cognition should be pretty stable in one of those, right?”
“In theory,” Makoto agrees.
Niijima sighs, “Then that’s where we’ll go.”
***
It’s nothing short of a pain to drag all their stuff to Shibuya station square. Ann’s arms are
definitely sore, and she’s never felt more jealous of how deceptively muscular her roommates
are more than now.
“How are we going to let everyone know where we are?” Makoto asks.
Niijima frowns. “I take cell service doesn’t work in here.”
“It does not,” Akechi confirms. “We could always walk to our nearest neighbour.”
“Can’t we just pop back to reality for a second to send a text?” Makoto deadpans.
“If you want to risk getting caught,” Akechi drawls.
“I’ll do it!” Ann volunteers, her arm shooting in the air.
The three of them stare at her, with a range of raised eyebrows.
“Did you not hear what I just said?” Akechi asks, lip curled.
Ann rolls her eyes, “Yeah, but no one’s going to care about some random girl on her phone.
I’ll be stealthy, too.”
“You’re rather…” Makoto pauses, like she’s thinking of a polite way to phrase what she’s
about to say, “Distinctive.”

Ann pulls up her hoodie, tucking her pigtails in.
“…I suppose that takes care of the main problem,” Niijima says.
“See?” Ann waves her arms. “I’ll be in and out.”
“How will we know if anyone responds to us, though?” Makoto folds her arms.
“I’ll be in, wait for a response, and out,” Ann corrects. “I’ll still be quick.”
Akechi scowls.
“I can literally melt into another reality if things get bad!” Ann protests, “I’ll be fine.”
Akechi’s expression shifts minutely, which Ann takes as a concession of the point.
When no one else complains, she jogs a few paces back and takes out her phone. “See you
guys in a bit.”
“Stay safe,” Makoto tells her, and Ann runs to the most discrete alley she can find.
As hidden as she can be, the red ripples away. Ann stands, her hood up, in some ill-travelled
corner of the Shibuya station square, and marvels in the novelty of being completely
overlooked.
During the day, she tends to stick out. On the job, it’s her, well, job, to stick out. She avoids
staying out late when she can help it. Though, since crowds don’t hide her, it’s only relative
darkness that will.
And now she’ll have to be hiding for quite some time.
Ann takes a breath and sinks to a crouch, hugging her knees.
Is this how Ryuji felt? Probably. Ann should definitely be worried about school too, with her
grades being what they are. What she finds herself thinking of most, though, is how
modelling gigs don’t take kindly to being ghosted.
They probably don’t take kindly to their models being hunted by the police, either. She
wonders if that’s going to stay on any record. Mika might get a laugh if she catches wind of
it.
Modelling, as vain as she’s sure it makes her appear to peers that never liked her anyway, was
her first taste of direction in so long. Any questions about careers or university directed her
way were always met with an aimless shrug. Even modelling for the longest time was just an
answer she gave so that she had an answer at all. Something to say until she found out what
she really liked.
As it turns out, she really likes modelling. She likes being seen. Really seen, not just looked
at. Shiho teased her about it when Ann told her.

Oh, shit, Shiho— Ann’s going to have to tell her— what? To not worry? Hi, Shiho, sorry I
can’t visit you in the hospital anymore, I’m on the run from the police. Also I’m a Phantom
Thief, did you know?
She probably does know. Ann texts Shiho first, trying to inject enough subtext into an
otherwise innocuous message so that Shiho can probably guess exactly why Ann is going to
be MIA.
She texts the thieves next.
Panther: heyyyy
Panther: so we’re all in mementos now!! station square
Panther: just letting you guys know
It doesn’t take long for messages from the other thieves to start firing off at rapid pace. Ann
doesn’t see anything super useful being said in response, so she turns off the screen and
buries her face in her knees. Her hair starts to slip, and she shoves it back under her hood.
Her phone starts ringing.
“Yo, Ann,” Ryuji’s voice says when she picks up. “You good?”
Ann takes a moment.
“Nope,” she declares.
“Yeah,” Ryuji agrees. “Shit.”
“Shit,” Ann echoes.
“How are you calling me though?”
“You called me,” Ann points out. “And I’m in Shibuya. Like, for real.”
“Ahh,” he drawls out. “I getcha.”
“Yeah.” Ann picks at the the fabric of her leggings.
“…Maybe you can join the study club. With me n’ Makoto.”
Ann snorts. “Maybe.” She should probably have done that anyway, her indefinite hiatus from
the classroom notwithstanding.
“It’ll be fine.”
“Yeah,” Ann says, “It’s fine.”
It’s super not fine.

“Yeahhh, it’s super not fine.” Ryuji reads her mind.
Ann makes a noise somewhere between a sob and a hysterical giggle, “Nope! It isn’t!”
“Kinda fucked, actually.”
“Careful, your mom’ll get your ass for that one.”
“She’s cookin’ dinner, it’s fine,” Ryuji dismisses, but he does sound suddenly afraid.
Ann snickers, adjusting so that she’s properly sitting down. The concrete is a bit cold, and a
bit gross. “Mm.”
“Yep.” A pause. “Hey, wanna hear about this card game me n’ my mom made up?”
“Please,” Ann says, “Tell me everything.”
***
It’s quite late, as far as Akechi can tell, when Haru comes walking into Mementos’ reflection
of Shibuya station square.
“It’s just you here?” She asks, a thin veil of polite curiosity.
“Everyone else has gone hunting for places to sleep that aren’t the floor,” Akechi says,
continuing the farce for the sake of it. “As the only one present with a Persona that has
navigational abilities, I’m staying here.”
“I see.” Haru picks up one of the bags piled on the floor. “Well, there’s no need for that if you
can all stay with me.”
Akechi stares as she laboriously tries to pull more bags than is reasonable into her arms.
“That’s a risk. Your home was dismissed as an option for a reason.”
“Still, Mementos can’t be very comfortable,” she says, like that’s even remotely the problem.
It isn’t. Akechi still stares.
“Please,” Haru says. “Trust me with this.”
Akechi starts helping her pick up their bags.
***
Ren wastes no time calling everyone back to Shido’s palace the next day.
He notes that Goro, Ann, and Makoto all arrived with Haru. He supposes that despite the risk,
Haru has taken matters in her own hands.
He hopes, with the hollow pang where the Empress used to reside, that she knows what she’s
doing.

“So,” Morgana says as they quickly navigate to the nearest safe room next to the pool deck.
“Where to next?”
“Right.” Ren nods. “The next guy was the TV station president.”
“Fujimoto,” Goro says.
“Yep.” Ren doesn’t actually remember the guy’s name off the top of his head. “He was holed
up in the ship’s casino.
“I’m less inclined to think he’ll still be there.” Makoto frowns. “Unless he’s also left a corpse
at his last known location.”
“You never know.” Ryuji shrugs.
“Still, it can’t hurt to check,” Sumire says. “We wouldn’t know where to begin otherwise.”
“Well…” Ren interjects, “I’m pretty sure Sato will still be where he was last time.”
“Oh?” Futaba leans in.
Ren shrugs. “He was just holed up in his room.”
“I wonder if he’s even noticed there’s a lockdown,” Yusuke muses.
“Kinda hard not to, with the announcement going off every ten minutes.” Ann throws a dirty
look towards one of the speakers.
“Well I hope you remember the room number, Joker, cause a room is harder to pinpoint than
a casino.” Futaba taps away at her screens. “I found the casino, by the way.”
Ren grimaces, “I can probably remember the way from the casino.”
“Then it seems we’ll be going to the casino no matter what,” Haru says. “Shall we get a move
on?”
And so they do. Futaba is quick to guide them through the hallways past the pool deck, their
progress incredibly smooth with the lack of cognitions and rat puzzles.
“Hm,” Goro hums under his breath at some point.
Ren raises an eyebrow, “…What’s up?”
“Shiraishi’s cognition is yet to accost us,” He says. “I would have assumed he’d be even
more vigilant, given the circumstances.”
“Kinda just seems like Shido’s conspiracy is starting to crack under the strain,” Ren says,
overly optimistic even to his own ears.
“That may be true.” Goro snorts. “But while many things are absent in this palace, Shido has
yet to replace them with anything.”

They turn another corner. Ren asks: “And you think he would?”
“I know he would. He didn’t research palaces for nothing.”
And that is most certainly true. Shido of all people is far less susceptible to thinking himself
into a corner than any of their previous foes, if only because he knows there’s a corner to
think himself into.
“I guess we’ll have to keep an eye out, then,” Ren says like he hasn’t had a head on a swivel
since they set foot in the foyer. He has no trust for this palace, for Shido’s shifting
subconscious, for whatever doll-like cognitions that may lurk in darker corners.
It’s fast work, moving through the halls past that. Despite Ren’s own vigilance, he sees
nothing.
…Something pricks at the back of his neck.
“Aaaaand we’re here!” Futaba announces.
The casino, as with the rest of the ship, is eerily quiet.
Even the periodic announcement courtesy of Shido himself is muted. There are no speakers
directly within the casino, for whatever reason, and so they’re left with only the echo from
down the hall.
The majority of the slot machines are idle, their opening screens flashing in time, all silent
until someone deigns to insert a coin. All silent, except for one.
On the far side of the casino from where they’ve entered, a lone cognition sits at one of the
slot machines. He’s hunched in his chair, absently taking champagne and finger foods from a
shadow at his side holding a platter. Like clockwork, he feeds a coin into the machine and
pulls the lever, laughing or cursing as the bars spin to their result.
“Is this guy a gambling addict or something?” Futaba asks.
Goro shrugs. “Who knows.” He draws his sword. “But that isn’t exactly relevant, at the end
of the day.”
“It’s nice that he’s here, at least?” Sumire says halfheartedly.
“Saves us the trouble,” Ryuji agrees.
Ren considers a diplomatic way to begin this interaction.
He comes up empty. “Hey,” he calls out, already drawing his dagger, “Enjoying the casino,
Fujimoto-san?”
Fujimoto startles, some champagne sloshing out of his glass. He turns, slowly, as the shadow
at his side remains stock-still.

Ren gives a little wave.
Fujimoto clears his throat, barking a single nervous laugh, “Haven’t you children heard about
the lockdown?”
“Uh,” Ryuji drawls, “Could say the same to you, dude.”
Fujimoto stiffly waves a hand, “Such things hardly apply to me. The captain needs me too
much to not guarantee my safety.”
Ren raises an eyebrow. Haru seems to be politely hiding a snort behind her hand.
Sumire stands on her toes to whisper in Goro’s ear, “Is that true?”
“Well,” Goro begins, vaguely, “He’s a VIP for a reason.”
“…And?” Morgana prompts.
“Anyone else could take his position and the conspiracy would function exactly the same.”
“Cool,” Ren says. He flips his dagger, for fun. “We should probably get this over with.”
“Are we going to bother trying to avoid a fight?” Makoto asks, like she doesn’t know the
answer.
“Seems like too much effort,” Futaba answers for him. “Places, people!”
***
“You’ll pay for this!” Fujimoto snarls, face smooshed against the carpet by Goro’s (very
sharp) boot. His shadow form dissipated quickly, the minimal backup of the champagneserving shadow doing little to slow his defeat down.
“This is a bit of a commotion, isn’t it?” Goro agrees idly. Fujimoto tries in vain to escape,
flailing against the ground. Goro rolls his eyes. “Could you hurry up?”
“He has a great many pockets,” Yusuke scowls defensively, as he, Ren, and Ryuji all rifle
through Fujimoto’s clothes to find the letter of recommendation.
“It’s just a cognition, isn’t it?” Futaba points out, “If you kill him, will he just drop the letter
like loot?”
“Oh, maybe.” Haru perks up.
“Found it!” Ryuji quickly interrupts. He brandishes the letter in the air, which Ren snatches
with a nod of gratitude. “That’s three done, yeah?”
“You won’t get away with this!” Fujimoto assures them, a bit muffled as Goro grinds his boot
down even harder.

“Uh huh,” Ren hums as he looks around the rest of the casino. Aside from the shadow they
just destroyed, there are one or two security shadows patrolling the upper floor of the casino.
While they’re still out of sight, Ren tries to scour his somewhat fuzzy memories on the
direction to Sato’s room.
“Are we ready to move on, Joker?” Makoto asks, casting a disdainful look towards the
cognition.
Goro’s hand is twitching for his gun as the cognition continues to struggle. “Yep,” Ren
decides, pocketing the letter. “I think I remember the way.”
***
“Hey Joker,” Futaba says from above, “You sure we aren’t lost?”
“Pretty sure,” Ren says, not very sure at all.
They have, admittedly, been going in circles. Futaba has dutifully been displaying the map
they collected at the entrance, and Ren cannot for the life of him find where they found Sato
last year.
In fact, this entire stretch of the palace is unfamiliar.
“Has something been shifted around?” Yusuke suggests.
“But why here?” Makoto asks before Ren can. “It seems so mundane.”
“I don’t recall there being anything particularly interesting in this part of the palace,” Goro
adds. “It is odd that this is different.”
“If it is different,” Ann points out, “Are you sure you just don’t remember this part, Joker?”
“Pretty sure,” Ren repeats.
“Uh huh.”
“I don’t remember it perfectly,” Ren says, a little defensive, “But it’s like these halls are
completely different.”
“I was stalking you through this part of the palace,” Goro agrees, conversational, “These
hallways don’t ring a bell for me, either. Of course, many of the hallways in this place do
look largely the same.”
Ryuji groans, “Oracle, can’t you just track the guy? Or sniff ‘im down, Mona?”
“I don’t know what he smells like!” Morgana yowls.
“I mean, I guess I could try to search for his specific cognition. But it’s not exactly easy to
pinpoint an individual signature unless I’ve seen it before.”

“Perhaps if Joker described the room?” Yusuke suggests, “Then you could search for the
location itself, like usual.”
“Huh, maybe.” Futaba hums. “Take it away, Joker.”
Feeling rather put on the spot, Ren coughs. “Uh, well.”
“I believe it was towards the back of the ship,” Goro takes over, shooting Ren a look. Ren
waves his arms in protest.
“It was,” Ren agrees with a sniff. “There was a balcony, too.”
“A balcony? Huh.” There’s a vague impression of Futaba tapping away through the mental
link. “Fancy stuff.”
There’s a long pause.
“Can you not find it?” Sumire asks tentatively.
“Uhhh.”
“Oracle?” Ren frowns.
“Uh, nothing,” Futaba stutters. “Or, not nothing. I wasn’t really focusing on the surrounding
map too much, since you were leading the way, but the way these halls are shaped are really
weird?”
“How so?” Makoto narrows her eyes.
“It’s like there’s something missing on the map we got at the start,” Futaba explains. “All
these hallways are doing backflips to avoid an entire chunk of the ship.”
“Is it the engine they’re avoiding?” Ren asks. Goro tosses him another look, much sharper
this time.
“Nope,” Futaba says, “I can see where that is just fine. I can even chart a course to my best
guess at where Sato is.”
“Then what’s missing from the ship?” Haru asks.
“If I knew I’d be less confused!” Futaba exclaims, and Ren can picture her throwing up her
arms, “Joker, Crow, is there something we haven’t passed yet?”
“Nothing specific,” Ren says slowly.
“Nothing that I can remember,” Goro agrees, brow furrowed. “I don’t think it’s a stretch to
say that Shido’s cognition has jammed a new section into the ship, and all other paths have
been forced to shift to make room.”
Ann and Ryuji both groan.

Morgana’s face is scrunched in confusion, “That’s… weird, but not unheard of. You guys said
Okumura’s palace was almost completely different, right? Whatever this new thing is, can’t
we just avoid it?”
“That depends on how important the engine room is.”
“Very,” Ren says.
“Then bad news, boss!” Futaba sing-songs, “Cause I can’t find a path to the engine room.”
“Hm,” is all Goro says.
“We did have to crawl through a vent to get there,” Ren says.
“Already checked for stuff like that,” Futaba dismisses. “I think whatever this new thing is,
it’s crashed directly between this section of halls and the engine.”
“Well.” Makoto sighs. “It sounds like we’ll be taking a detour at some point.”
“…If we can still make it to Sato, then we’ll put it off until tomorrow.” Ren decides. He
doesn’t care to traverse a new path in Shido’s mind unless they’re all at full stamina.
“We can make it to him,” Futaba assures, “Or, at least I’m pretty sure we can.”
“We won’t know until we get there,” Haru says.
“So let’s get going,” Ren agrees.
It bruises Ren’s ego significantly less than it would have to have Futaba leading the way far
better than he did, when coupled with the knowledge that the palace’s structure has changed.
Futaba certainly wasn’t joking when she said the hallways were nonsensical in their layout.
Some of the halls even start tilting upwards, which Ren is near certain is not normal shiphallway architecture.
But they do, eventually, reach the back of the ship.
“Hey,” Ann says, as they start shuffling over the (far easier to traverse than last time) ship’s
exterior. “I don’t know a lot about ships or anything, but shouldn’t the engine-whatever have
an exhaust or something? Can’t we just go through that?”
“Normally, Panther, you’d be right!” Futaba says. “But as far as I can tell, there just isn’t
one.”
“There… isn’t an exhaust?” Makoto clarifies, looking towards Necronomicon.
“Nope,” Futaba agrees, “Lucky this ship isn’t real, right?”
“Very lucky,” Morgana grimaces.
“That aside, though,” Futaba says, “You recognise this place yet, Joker?”

“I do, actually.” Ren hums. “I think it should be one of those balconies over there.”
They all dart over, hopping along ledges and extrusions. Ren counts as they jump across the
balcony walls, one, two, three, until he spies a familiar-looking cognition inside one of the
windows, and skids to a halt.
Futaba joins them on the balcony, dropping down from Necronomicon. “This our stop?” She
stands on her toes, peeking over Ren’s shoulder. “Oh, yep, that’s our guy!”
“We’re rather conspicuous,” Yusuke says. “How has he not noticed us all crowded here?”
“He seems too absorbed in his laptop to do that,” Haru hums with vague amusement.
Ren shrugs, “Guess so. Good for us.”
A pause.
Sato shrieks when Ren kicks in the window.
“Who the hell are you?!” the cognition screams.
Ren doesn’t really have an answer for that. “Not super important,” he says. “Pretty
convenient that you were practically in lockdown already, huh?”
“What lockdown?” Sato hisses.
Goro snorts.
“You seriously didn’t know?!” Futaba yelps.
“…I feel like the real Sato is a bit sharper than Shido is giving him credit for,” Makoto says.
“Or perhaps Shido views him as so paranoid that he would not be discernibly different even
as a threat to the conspiracy emerges,” Yusuke muses.
“No matter what Shido thinks, we’re gonna have to take that letter of recommendation.”
Morgana draws his cutlass.
“Oh,” Sato interjects, “You guys are here for a letter?”
They all exchange looks. “Can we have it?” Ann asks.
“No!”
Sumire sighs. Ren gives her a commiserating pat on the shoulder, before brandishing his
dagger and leaping into the fray.
***
“Fine!” Sato half snaps, half sobs. His shadow form has been cut through, leaving only the
cognition’s skin. “Fine, take it!”

Ren fumbles as Sato throws the letter in his face. It drops to the floor.
He tries to look somewhat dignified as he bends over to pick it up. “Thanks.”
“Just get out!”
“Before we leave,” Haru chimes in, “Do you know where the Cleaner tends to reside?”
Ren knows exactly where the Cleaner likes to spend his time on this ship, and he thinks Haru
does too. He can’t fault her for hoping for a different answer, even as Sato simply says:
“Does it look like I know where that creep lives?!”
“Well, at least we’re all on the same page,” Goro says drily.
“We’ll be leaving now,” Ren announces, unnecessarily.
Sato nods eagerly, “Yes! Please! Get out!”
“Yeah, uh,” Futaba just looks awkward. “Have fun?”
“Doing what?” Ryuji asks incredulously, gesturing to the somewhat miserable approximation
of a permanent hotel room.
“Get out!”
Ren doesn’t particularly want to test if the cognitions can regrow the shadows under their
skin, so he quickly waves to his thieves and does just that.
***
An interlude, nowhere comprehensible:
When a certain person, who has foregone sharing his name in a few human decades, begins
to tell his recount of all events, he tends to begin it like this:
A very, very long time ago, there was nothing at all.
Then, very shortly after, there was very suddenly something. Quite a few somethings, in fact.
So many somethings, fit to burst inside the crude container of limited nothing that one could
say simply did not have the imagination to contain such wonder.
None of these somethings were particularly permanent. They would flit about, and change
shape, as intangible things are wont to do. Not that they could comprehend being intangible,
of course— there was nothing to conceivably act as contrast.
A very long time later, and no one could ever really pinpoint exactly how long, there was
something solid.
It didn’t happen all at once, though it happened so quickly in the relative scheme of things
that it might as well have. Minds and thoughts and hearts, and all that nothing was whipped

into a veil, and all those somethings stopped all their blurry indecisiveness, shaped in a frenzy
into a twisted mirror of all those wonderful darling little things that were so much more real
than they were.
The entire human race, as it happened, had quite the ceiling to the limit of their imagination.
What marvels! Curious and violent and mortal and oh, so, so, predictable. All little walking
archetypes— oh, look! the somethings would coo: a little hero, there! A seeker, a wanderer, a
tyrant, and repeat and repeat.
Of course, the somethings were rather predictable themselves. It was less a choice to mimic
the hearts and abstract forces of nature beholden to all that humanity was, and rather a simple
fact of what they were.
Predictable, predictable, until they weren’t. Among the dusting of mortals, some would shine
so brilliantly that they would send ripples through the collective gathering of thoughts and
ideas, leaving permanent stains carved into the hearts of all that was to come.
With that in mind, it didn’t take all that long for two very specific somethings to emerge.
Good, and Evil. Law, and Chaos. It is only with eons of hindsight, that this particular
combination of abstractions can be viewed with some comedic irony. But first, a wager:
The bet, as follows, was to determine humanity’s truest base instinct. Both Good and Evil had
manifested so strongly, after all. What a conundrum! What a curiosity, a contradiction.
These two particular somethings had the will and font of power (of godlike proportions, to
borrow the closest human term) to intrude where they should not. To pierce that veil, to
damage and lend aid to their game pieces as they saw fit.
People were so very fascinating to the both of them, though they did not view personhood
with the respect they perhaps ought to. Temporary, fragile little things, brilliant as they may
be. Infinite copies of themselves. It would take an eon for the irony of this to also set in, and
a handful of mortals kicking and screaming so loudly against the game that reality itself
would fracture, and it was then that the wager was reluctantly discarded.
Discarded, directly, that is. For all that Law represented what he did, he was not above
fudging the rules. All he needed was structure: a room, if you will. Chaos’ namesake ought to
speak for itself, for how he handled his newly sidelined state of being.
So the game continued, once removed from its original source. They were not the only gods
with something to prove and calls to answer, after all.
Night, Death, her presence nonnegotiable yet not immutable. Truth, and her rotting corpse.
Control, and his rather ambitious designs.
That little intruder, so very human, with his bleeding heart on display for all to see.
How fascinating! What a delight! Thought the arbiter of all things Good, to see humanity
prevail again and again. Though they would always stumble, their triumphant resurgence was

something to behold each time—
Oh?
(“What’s happening on the other side, Mister? The flowers all taste so strange.”
“Something unfortunate. What a shame! I can hardly stand to lose, now.”
“Hm… Nope, still don’t get it.”
“Humans are all so brittle. Hit them the wrong way, and their hearts shatter with such beauty.
I suppose I should have foreseen that only another human could finally lay them low.”
“Oh. Does that mean they’re all going to disappear?”
“Not quite, but they’re all set to become such boring things. Worse than predictable.
Monotonous. No flavour at all!”
“Oh! That does sound bad.”
“Doesn’t it?”)
No one ever said anything about calling in favours from the room he himself created, so call
favours he did. Time is a far less solid thing than humans dare to envision, but their fantasies
and tales are just vague enough, that Good has something to work with.

Chapter End Notes

i haven't played persona 1&2 btw,
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! palace soup continues. you're cutting it real fine, Akechi
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8

Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Your place is dangerous. we eliminated it for a reason.
Haru: but consider, i have soft beds and hot chocolate probably.
Akechi: You've convinced me. I mean Ann. Sure fuck it let's go

Chapter 110
Chapter Summary

dress up, and salt water

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Makoto feels that they might be paying for their smooth sailing in Shido’s palace with
extreme difficulties on the other side of reality.
Balancing the scales happens as it does, but she doesn’t think it necessarily has to happen.
Or, rather, she really wishes that it didn’t. With the knowledge that there are actual gods out
to get her and her friends, comes the uncertainty if their bad luck can be quantified as
someone’s fault.
Which is to say: Makoto isn’t sure how long she’ll last living in Haru Okumura’s apartment.
She wasn’t in much of a mind to protest the night before. Neither was Sae, nor Ann, and
perhaps most concerningly, Akechi. And so now all their luggage is in the living room, taking
up space in Haru’s disconcertingly large and disconcertingly empty penthouse.
Signs of Haru’s presence are concentrated in small bubbles. One seat of the couch. The
microwave. Her room. The balcony garden. Everywhere else is scrubbed clean in the wake of
all the house servants having been dismissed.
Makoto wonders to herself how much more lived in the apartment would have seemed even
with Okumura senior still around to make his mark. She supposes that now the four new
tenants will start messing the place up simply by being there.
Following the infiltration into Shido’s palace, they arrive back in Haru’s apartment. Sae, who
has once again made the living room into her impromptu office space, gives them a dry wave
as they materialise in space.
“Everything well?” She asks.
“Well enough,” Makoto answers. “Do you have any idea how many more infiltrations are
left, Akechi?”
Akechi shrugs. “With luck? One. Without? Who knows. We could always be stalled
indefinitely.”
Ann flops on the couch, “Let’s assume that won’t happen.”

“I’m sure we’ll be able to overcome any obstacle we face,” Haru says easily. She threads her
hands together, “Hopefully sooner rather than later.”
Five days left.
Makoto itches to get something done, but it’s not as if she can just leap into Shido’s palace on
her own. For want of anything better to do, she decides to keep up with her studies alone in
the room she (again— Haru’s apartment is spacious, but she doesn’t have infinite guest
rooms) shares with Ann. It won’t do any good to come back to school for her entrance exams,
only to have no idea what the material is.
Late at night, she hears a hissed conversation in the hallway.
“Are you insane.”
“You’re overreacting, Goro-kun. I know what I’m doing.”
“Haru, this is a side of business you have no experience in. Loyalty to your father means
nothing, if it was even there to begin with.”
“Loyalty to my father doesn’t have to mean anything—”
Makoto quickly opens the door, her need to say something outweighing the likely smarter
need to eavesdrop. “What are you two talking about?”
Haru and Akechi both startle, the former yelping sharply and the latter hissing a curse. They
both stare at her.
Makoto coughs.
Akechi makes a face. Haru’s goes carefully blank.
Makoto waves her arms. “Well?!”
Akechi folds his hands behind his back, embodying the detective prince for some reason.
“It’s not your business.”
“I disagree.” Makoto mimics his posture, mocking. “If the two of you are planning something
obviously dangerous, then I believe the rest of the residents of the house have a right to
know.”
“Ideally, we’d be reducing the danger involved in our situation,” Akechi says. “So how about
you let yourself be pleasantly surprised?”
“I thought you weren’t on my side?” Haru whispers.
“I’m not.”
Makoto massages her temples. “I really thought we were past keeping secrets from each
other. It’s never ended well.”

“And when has that stopped any of us,” Akechi says, deadpan as he’s ever been.
Makoto considers kicking him, before Haru sighs sharply and grabs them both by the wrist to
drag her into her room.
Makoto and Akechi are both unceremoniously thrown past the threshold, and Haru quickly
locks the door.
“Alright,” Haru says, “Now that no one else can begin eavesdropping.”
“Were we not just discussing the drawbacks of keeping secrets?” Akechi says.
“Whose side are you on?” Makoto snaps.
“I’m a natural born contrarian.”
“Which you could stop being at any time,” Haru says tightly, and Akechi shuts up.
Makoto presses her hands together, “Where even are the others? It’s late.”
“In the living room, watching a movie,” Akechi says.
Makoto blinks incredulously, “Ann and my sister?”
“It was strange enough that I figured then was as good a time as any to speak to Goro-kun
privately,” Haru explains.
“Alright,” Makoto says. “About what?”
Akechi and Haru exchange a look.
Haru bites the bullet first. “I was planning on hiring some security.”
“Yakuza,” Akechi interrupts. “She wants to hire yakuza.”
“They’re not yakuza specifically.”
Akechi rolls his eyes so hard Makoto wonders if they’ll get stuck like that some day. “Private
muscle. From an otherwise-unspecified crime family.”
“They’re not technically criminals, either,” Haru says. “Which I think means they’re good at
their jobs.”
Makoto, as she done several times in the past few weeks, considers her life choices for a
moment. In the moment following, she buries her head in her hands and says, “Okay.”
Akechi and Haru pause. Makoto takes some solace in the fact that they both look sheepish.
“Okay,” She says again. “Run me through it.”
“Pros and cons?” Akechi suggests drily.

“Yes. Please.”
Haru nods shortly, and strides over to a small tea table in the corner of her room, where she
takes a seat, smoothing her skirt. “Putting it simply, my father used to employ a variety of
guards to protect him and his interests. Their contracts were automatically suspended after he
became… incapacitated, but I believe it would be beneficial to rehire them for my own
purposes.”
Makoto very awkwardly takes a seat on the edge of the bed. “Alright.” She shoots a look at
Akechi, “The rebuttal?”
Akechi remains standing. “Putting it simply, there’s no possible way to confirm how
trustworthy these people are. Haru-san has admitted she never interacted with them
personally, and I highly suspect they were more loyal to money over your family name.”
“Even if that’s the case, I have plenty of money to give them,” Haru says.
Akechi runs a hand through his hair, frustrated, “Yes, but it still means they’re fickle. If they
have loose lips, we’re done for.”
“Which is why I’m going to personally vet them.”
“Here?” Makoto finally finds her voice again.
Haru quickly shakes her head. “No, a private conference space my father owns. It’s small,
discrete, and made for dealings like these. It’s an old karaoke bar we bought, actually.”
“Alone,” Akechi deadpans.
Haru shifts awkwardly.
Makoto decides to take things one step at a time. “Okay,” She says, yet again. “Pros and
cons?”
“The pros are that we’ll have some insurance, should Shido send anyone to deal with me, as
it were. Or should the police attempt an unwarranted search,” Haru lists. “It will buy us
enough time to potentially get away unscathed where we would not have otherwise.”
“The cons are that it could backfire,” Akechi counters. “If even one person isn’t as loyal as
they say they are, or happens to have loose lips, and sees several missing persons including
the highly publicised detective prince hiding in an heiress’s apartment, what do you think will
happen?”
“Again, the vetting,” Haru insists.
“And what are your criteria?”
Haru folds her arms, and uncharacteristically scowls. “You’re being difficult on purpose.”
“Okay,” Makoto interrupts, “So neither option sounds great.”

The other two startle, like they forgot she was there.
“You’re right, Makoto-san,” Haru quickly gets herself together, “Which is why we’re trying
to minimise risks.”
Akechi rubs a hand down his face, “I just don’t think that introducing another variable is
minimising.”
They do both have a point. Makoto recognises that while it’s probably much harder to nail
Haru down in the legal sense, just given her sheer amount of monetary weight to throw
around, that doesn’t stop Shido from simply getting violent. A potential problem which now
affects five of them, rather than just one.
Conversely, the potential problems that arise from dubiously shady security also affect five of
them. Makoto understands why they’re at an impasse.
“When were you think of vetting them?” she asks.
Haru coughs politely into her hand. “Tonight.”
Akechi looks more baffled than angry, “Excuse me?”
“I set up a meeting, for later tonight,” Haru explains. “I can cancel, but I really would rather
explore the option.”
“You’re not seriously going alone, are you?” Makoto is starting to understand Akechi’s
exasperation.
“Ordinarily, this kind of meeting would be accompanied by security,” Haru says breezily. “So
I’m sure you understand the issue.”
“What if we come with you?” Makoto blurts.
Akechi scoffs, “Is being seen by potential bad actors not the main problem?”
“Well…” he has a point, which Makoto is loathe to admit.
“You could present yourselves as the security I should have for a meeting like this,” Haru
suggests.
“We’ll look like children,” Akechi counters. “And again, the anonymity.”
“Not necessarily.” Haru shakes her head. “It wouldn’t seem overly out of place to wear a face
mask, and sunglasses.”
“We still don’t look the part, though.” Makoto is concerned at how easily Haru is running
with this hypothetical.
“Can’t you borrow one of your sister’s suits?” Haru asks. “And Goro-kun, I’m sure
something in my father’s wardrobe will fit you.”

Akechi sighs very deeply, and Makoto is inclined to agree.
“And if anything goes poorly, we can always simply whisk ourselves into Mementos,” Haru
finishes.
“We’re telling sis about this,” Makoto decides.
“Do you think she’d let us do this, if we did?” Akechi raises an eyebrow.
Makoto does not whine, but it’s a close thing. “Well what are we doing?”
“Well?” Haru asks.
“Ann’s going to notice we’re gone,” Makoto protests weakly. “We share a room.”
“Then tell her.” Akechi shrugs, “She won’t stop us.”
No, perhaps not. Makoto really wishes she’d try.
“I could always ask Takakura-san to accompany me,” Haru says. “He gave me the
information on who to contact to begin with.”
“Do you trust him?” Akechi asks.
Haru is silent.
Makoto swallows, her dry throat constricting painfully. “…Do you think we’ll really be able
to pull off looking like professionals?”
“So long as you stop looking so nervous,” Akechi snips. “And we cover our faces
somewhat.”
Makoto will concede that it truly is only their faces holding them back, here. Both her and
Akechi are on the more built side than average among their peers, (twig-like body structure
notwithstanding) but puppy fat still clings to their cheeks in a manner betraying their
begrudging youth.
“I have face masks stocked somewhere,” Haru says. “Black, if we want to project a certain
style.”
“Do we have enough time to dye your hair?” Makoto asks Akechi on a whim.
“No,” he snaps, clearly not thinking about the time.
“We don’t have time,” Haru confirms. “We’ll have to get organised quickly if we want to
make this happen.”
“And do we want to make this happen?” Akechi asks. “Truly?”
They both turn their heads to Makoto, like she is somehow the deciding factor here.

Well. Well! It, could? It could pay off. Just meeting them isn’t the risky factor. Necessarily.
“We’ll do it,” she squeaks.
***
Not wanting to draw any suspicion, she opts to just write a note for Ann should she return to
their shared room at some point rather than just falling asleep on the couch.
Stealing one of Sae’s suits is, if Makoto were any less stressed, comically easy. The fact that
it fits, and fits well is a bit less comical, if only for the fact that Makoto didn’t notice she’s
grown to be her sister’s height.
Maybe Sae’s insistent use of heels threw her off. Or she just wasn’t paying much attention.
Fiddling with the cuffs of Sae’s darkest pantsuit, about as close to the style of security as
Makoto thinks Sae will ever get, she shuffles into Okumura senior’s bedroom, where Akechi
and Haru pore over several suits of their own.
Haru looks up. “…Well, we have a style to adhere to, now.”
Right, cohesion. “Sorry,” She mumbles. “Sis doesn’t have much else.”
“On the contrary,” Akechi drones absently, eyes fixed with distaste on his selection of suits
and blazers. “We can start narrowing it down.”
“Something dark,” Haru says.
“That was a given.”
“Nothing black-tie,” Haru mutters. “We need professional, not formal.”
“…Will your father’s clothes even fit him?” Makoto asks.
“We’ll look for the older stuff,” Haru decides, marching back towards the wardrobe.
Akechi sighs, ripping off his shirt and quickly replacing it with a black button-up. Makoto is
glad they were on the same stylistic page, fiddling with the collar of her own identical shirt.
“Should we wear ties?” he mutters.
“…If we have the same tie, then yes,” Makoto says.
Akechi throws a thin black tie at her. Makoto huffs, unbuttoning her blazer and quickly tying
a knot.
“Here!”
Haru tosses a slim blazer at Akechi’s face, who catches it with far less grace than usual.
“That’s close to what Makoto-san is wearing, I think. They’re different cuts, obviously, but
perhaps that can be excused by gender.”

“Hopefully so.” Akechi slips his arms through the sleeves. He grimaces, as it hangs just
slightly loose over his shoulders.
“…Nothing smaller?” Makoto asks.
Haru frowns. “None. It isn’t too obvious, is it?”
“Let me see.” Akechi buttons the blazer up, and moves over to the wardrobe’s in-built mirror.
He makes several faces, most of them some flavour of wince.
“It could work,” he eventually says.
“You could pass it off as intentional,” Haru agrees. “That sort of thing isn’t altogether
uncommon, these days.”
Makoto lacks the context to offer any real informed opinion. She shuffles over to stand next
to Akechi.
It makes her frown, despite it otherwise being a success, at how well they mirror each other.
From their outfit to their hair to their eyes, something she’s never quite registered before, they
look like a matched set.
Makoto’s suit fits better than Akechi’s does. She still feels like a little kid playing dress up.
“Leave it unbuttoned,” Makoto suggests. Akechi nods, undoing the blazer and letting it hang
behind his arms as he shoves his hands into the pockets of his slacks.
Haru claps her hands cheerfully, giggling in spite of it all. “You both look quite sharp!”
They really do. Makoto and Akechi both exchange a look of mutual distaste.
“I’ll need a hair tie,” Akechi says.
Makoto fishes one off her wrist, having preemptively stolen one from Ann’s collection. “Will
that be enough?”
“Doubled with the face mask?” Akechi snorts, pulling his hair into a low ponytail, and
slicking back his fringe. “You’d be surprised how easy it is to hide in this manner.”
“Speaking from experience?” Haru asks, as she hands them both black flu masks.
Akechi scowls, quickly hidden as he snaps his mask over his nose, which Makoto takes to
mean it has something to do with Ren. She refrains from prying.
***
“When are they arriving?” Makoto asks as they file into the Okumura’s dedicated private
conference room, bathed in the red of Mementos.

“Quite soon, if they aren’t here already,” Haru says, quickly fixing her hair in a pocket mirror.
She’s not dressed as dourly as Makoto and Akechi are, but she’s still done herself up a bit
with a neat skirt and cardigan over tights and a blouse.
Haru snaps the mirror shut, slipping it in her purse. “Ready?”
Akechi nods. “Certainly.”
Haru takes a breath, and takes them out of Mementos. She checks the door, and finding no
one outside, quickly rushes to fix some things here and there.
Akechi and Makoto take their seats at the small booth, leaving space for Haru in the middle.
“…Is our only job here to look intimidating?” Makoto asks.
“For all intents and purposes, we are security.” Akechi swings one leg over the other.
“Though I’d be paying attention to the meeting, if I were you.”
Three heads is certainly better than one when offering judgement on this. “I don’t think we’ll
be very effective security if anything goes wrong.”
“I have a switchblade in my shoe.”
Makoto splutters.
“They probably have guns, though,” Akechi continues, “So think of it as a last resort.”
“Great,” Makoto deadpans with great regret, “Really, brilliant.”
“We’ll be fine,” Akechi says, which is a great departure from how he was feeling earlier.
Makoto is going to wring his neck someday.
A knock at the door.
Haru freezes. A split second later, she tosses her purse between the two of them, and dashes
to the door. She squints through the peephole, and after a moment of steeling herself, swings
the door open.
Two men in dark suits and sunglasses stand, near casually, on the other side.
“Okumura-san,” the first greets, smiling amiably as he takes off his sunglasses.
Haru nods, artificially smooth, “Thank you for coming.”
“Of course.” The two men step inside. The second doesn’t remove his sunglasses. “Happy to
talk business. Not sure how much your pops would have told you about our old agreement.”
“A fair amount,” Haru says, which Makoto is fairly certain is a lie.
“Excellent!” The man takes a seat, giving a friendly nod to Makoto and Akechi. “And these
two are?”

“Acquaintances,” Haru says. “I hope you won’t mind their presence.”
“You’re the boss,” the man says. His companion stands next to the booth, arms crossed. “I
hope you won’t mind my own friend here.”
“Not at all.”
“Wonderful, wonderful.” The man leans back, the picture of relaxation. Makoto doesn’t think
a single one of his muscles is relaxed at all. “You can call me Micheal.”
Makoto raises an eyebrow. The man doesn’t look or sound foreign— though she didn’t
exactly expect a real name either.
Micheal must notice her dubious expression, undoubtedly reflected on Akechi’s face as well.
He laughs, “Too many ‘Tanaka’s, you know?”
Akechi snorts at that. Micheal nods, grinning.
“Now,” he says. “Let’s talk shop, Okumura-san.”
“Please,” Haru says. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to clarify some things first.”
“Go ahead.”
“Understand that I am not nearly as paranoid as my father, and that I initially wasn’t going to
rehire your services for passive use,” Haru explains. “First and foremost, I’m concerned
about your discretion.”
“We take our jobs very seriously, Okumura-san.” Micheal’s jovial veneer fades somewhat.
“And we’re not unfamiliar with active service, so-to-speak, if that’s what you’re looking
for?”
“These are turbulent political times,” Haru dismisses smoothly. “And my father made no
shortage of enemies. With him incapacitated, I’m all that’s left.”
“Common problem.” Micheal nods. The other man at his side mirrors the nod. “Are you
looking for security, or something a little more actionable?”
Makoto tries very hard not to tense at how casually the suggestion is thrown out. The fact that
they are being dragged to fight on Shido’s level is not lost on her.
Not entirely, Anat soothes. The action is in your hands, not theirs.
True.
“The former,” Haru says. “I don’t trust the safety of my own home.”
“Sticky situation,” Micheal comments.
“Indeed.”

“If it’s secrecy you’re really worried about, you can limit your security to a couple of
favourites, for lack of a better word,” Micheal suggests. “Your father didn’t like to get to
know us too personally. But you’re a new business partner, aren’t you?”
Haru nods, confidence beginning to bleed in.
Makoto sits stiffly through the discussion, one leg crossed over the other and hands folded
tight. Akechi’s posture is more relaxed, she notes, though he is eerily still. He has more
experience with these kinds of dealings, she supposes.
Micheal seems, for lack of any more concrete insight… fine. He seems reliable, professional,
etcetera, and Makoto doesn’t trust him for a moment. He seems inscrutable, in the way
capital-P Professionals tend to be, and she would find it reassuring if not for the exact type of
Professional that he is.
Haru inquires about price, logistics, client confidentiality. She asks questions rapid-fire, and
Micheal answers at equal pace. His still-unnamed companion stays silent. Makoto does her
utmost not to fidget.
She doesn’t count seconds, but after what must be at least forty minutes, Micheal asks: “Will
that be all, Okumura-san?”
Haru considers for a moment, her head twitching very slightly towards Akechi before she
restrains herself, and nods. “I believe so, Micheal-san.”
“Have you come to a decision about whether to employ our services?”
“I’ll be in touch,” Haru deflects.
Micheal nods, rising from his seat in one fluid motion. “In that case, I eagerly await your
correspondence.”
The other man, who has neglected to remove his sunglasses the entire meeting, steps out of
the way as Micheal leaves the booth, falling into step as they both head towards the door.
Before turning the handle, Micheal looks back to the three of them, and gives a bow. “Thank
you for your hospitality, Okumura-san.”
Haru nods. “And your cooperation, Micheal-san.”
The two men leave, and the three of them are left in silence.
Makoto gives it five seconds before she deflates with a loud sigh.
“I liked him,” Haru declares.
“I don’t trust him,” Makoto says.
“Oh, nor do I.” Haru blinks, as though that were obvious.

“I think you’ll be hard pressed to find security who we can trust blindly.” Akechi folds his
arms. Makoto hears his spine crack. He really must have been sitting entirely still.
“Yes,” Haru says, frustrated, “But can we trust them enough?”
“They offered a lot of measures for your own benefit,” Makoto concedes. “Maybe you’d only
have to hire one or two of them, rather than put your trust in the secrecy of a rotating number
of employees.”
“True.” Haru nods.
“Even so, who knows how easily their loyalty can be swayed?” Akechi counters. “It would
only take one unfortunate deal behind our backs for us to be well and truly fucked.”
They’re drawing the same circles as they were before the meeting. Makoto slumps further
into the booth seat, pressing her lips together.
“That’s always true, no?” Haru says, “Maybe we’re giving Shido a potential way in, but
we’re just as likely giving ourselves a way out. More so, I’d argue.”
A risk. A risk not founded in their delusions of immortality in the Metaverse. A risk placed
entirely into the hands of people they don’t know. Makoto doesn’t like giving ground.
Ground is being taken while they sit and do nothing.
“I say we try it.” Makoto bites the bullet.
“There isn’t really a try scenario here,” Akechi drawls.
“Then I say we do it,” Makoto corrects. “The consequences for this going poorly are the
same as if Shido decides to come to us.”
Haru hums. Akechi clicks his tongue.
“I liked him,” Haru says again. “I not foolish enough to let that be the deciding factor. But, he
did serve my father a great many years.”
“You are not your father,” Akechi points out.
“No, I’m far less stingy.”
Akechi snorts, and scrubs a hand down his face.
“Alright,” He finally says. “Let’s gamble, shall we?”
***
Futaba thinks that Shido is doing a pretty shitty job of keeping them all out.
It’s not like he knows they have three time travellers on their team, but still. A superficial
difference, and one shoehorned extra level? Hell, he’s made the place easier from what Ren

and Akechi have been saying. The rats thing sounds pretty funny, but she’s glad she doesn’t
have to live it.
The thieves all congregate the day after their last infiltration in the red-stained visage of the
Diet Building steps, getting themselves ready.
Futaba raises an eyebrow at the mixture of expressions she deems vaguely suspicious on
Akechi, Makoto, and Haru’s faces. Not a combo she wants to be scheming.
Ren must notice too, as he asks, “What’s up?”
The three look at each other. Actually, now that Futaba’s paying attention, Ann has a nervous
look about her as well.
“I’m hiring security,” Haru explains.
“Oh. Sick?” Ryuji blinks.
Ren seems similarly confused for why this would be a big deal. “That’s good?”
The look on Akechi’s face shifts somewhere into the realm of annoyed.
“It is good,” Makoto says, before anyone can ponder the matter any further. “We’ll keep you
updated.”
Ren shrugs slowly, a dubious acquiescence. “Alright,” he says. “Should we get started?”
The thieves all give a round of agreement, huddling around Ren’s phone. The keywords are
entered, worlds shift, yadda, yadda, yadda, Futaba wants this place done already.
“Alright!” she says as soon as the horizon shifts to the drowned scenery of Shido’s Tokyo.
“Where we left off?”
“Please,” Ren nods.
Futaba wastes no time in whisking them all to their last saferoom with her own Nav. She
drifts along as they all march out into the hall, just a left turn away from the path to Sato’s
room.
“Where to?” Yusuke asks, unnecessarily turning to look up at Necronomicon.
“Well…” Futaba drawls. “My best guess is that this new section is behind one of these
doors.”
The thieves all stare at the hall of doors.
“Should we start openin’ them, or…?” Ryuji’s hand inches towards a doorknob.
Morgana leaps up to smack his hand with the butt of his sword. “If you want the security
level to skyrocket, moron!”

“’Aight, jeez!”
“Simmer down, children,” Futaba deadpans. “You have a navigator for a reason.”
She ignores the bickering down below as she performs a more thorough scan. The map they
have of the Palace is, irritatingly, entirely useless. Whatever update Shido has experienced in
his cognition, the cartographer didn’t get the memo.
Or, Shido doesn’t register whatever this addition is as part of his ship. Futaba isn’t
particularly enthused by any explanation she can come up with.
“And…” she pauses for suspense. “Here! I think I found a potential path!”
“Great job,” Ren says. “Lead the way?”
“Is it indeed behind one of the doors?” Yusuke asks before Futaba can respond.
She rolls her eyes, for her benefit only. “Yes, Inari. It’s behind one of the doors.” Or, she
assumes so.
“Ah. Then what are we waiting for?”
Futaba grumbles to herself as she pushes Necronomicon in the direction of progress. Her
only indication that there is progress at all, being the slightest shift in cognitive stability,
centred around an otherwise innocuous point in an otherwise innocuous hall. Something a
little too fuzzy, against a palace that is otherwise crystal clear.
The thieves follow her with minimal chatter. With no real reason to engage, they dodge the
few shadows that still roam the halls of the guest quarters.
“Ah ha!” Futaba eventually cheers, and they stop in front of a door like all the rest. “Just
through here, o noble thieves.”
“Number two-oh-nine,” Sumire reads the brass letters set into the door.
“You didn’t happen to pick up a passenger registry, Oracle?” Ren asks.
“Nope,” she says. “Why this door specifically, your guess is as good as mine.”
Akechi hums, quiet enough that Futaba almost misses it. She squints down at him, scowling
when the expression not hidden by his mask is inscrutable.
“Nothing to do but go in, right?” Ann says.
“Guess not,” Ren agrees.
He reaches out and turns the handle. Futaba notes the security level rising, and dismisses the
alert. It’s a negligible increase.

The door swings inward, revealing a set of metal stairs that lead down, quickly twisting away
so that they can’t see where it leads. Ren kicks out his leg, and pokes the first step with the
toe of his boot.
…Nothing happens.
“…Seems safe enough,” Makoto decides.
“Not like we have anywhere else to go,” Morgana says sullenly.
Ren gestures them all forward, and Futaba drops down from Necronomicon to fit through the
door-width stairwell. Walking down the steps, their footfalls echo loudly against the metal.
The light is poor, and Futaba very nervously grips the wall for all the support she can get. Her
Metaverse outfit’s shoes aren’t the picture of practicality.
Finally, after twisting down in a spiral for several flights, the walls suddenly give way to a
large open room. Futaba would liken it to a warehouse if—
In—
It’s—
“It’s… a lab?” Ann says.
The scene, exactly as Futaba can physically see it:
There is a lab, with terminals and computers and gadgets of dubious functionality littered
about. There is a cognition, dashing every which way, reading lines, making notes.
There are drains in the floor, and Futaba can smell the sea.
“Who the hell is that?” Ryuji asks, pointing towards the cognition that has yet to see them.
“That,” Akechi says, voice dull, “Is Kaito Takahashi. Shido’s last remaining Cognitive
Psience researcher of any note.”
The light is flickering. Uneven— on, off, on, off.
On: Pure white. Sterile. Clinical. Futaba visited her mother’s lab exactly once, and this is
what was burned into her mind.
Off: Dust, grime, dirt, rust. The salty rot of seawater, puddling on the floor. Brine feeding
mould.
Takahashi pays no mind as his laboratory ticks randomly between the two extremes.
Muttering to himself in erratic whispers, flicking dials and taking notes.
“…Should we talk to him?” Sumire asks, “He doesn’t have a letter, right?”
“No,” Ren says. “He doesn’t.”

“But we can’t exactly go past without alerting him,” Haru points out. “With any luck, he will
have little interest in fighting us.”
Futaba stares at the ghost of her mother’s lab, its monarch usurped. She does not think their
luck is, or will be, good.
Some of the thieves exchange looks. There’s a whispered conversation she doesn’t quite hear
between Makoto and Akechi. Ren butts in once or twice, only to get shushed.
With a sigh, Ren hops down the last few steps. “Takahashi-san,” he says, “Sorry to intrude.”
Takahashi shrieks, whirling around to see the congregation of thieves on the steps.
The lights flicker again. The smell of seawater begins to turn foul. Futaba claps her hand over
her nose.
“Who are you?!” Takahashi demands. “I— the captain said no one was to disturb me!”
“Where’s the exit?” Ren asks. “We’re just passing through.”
“You can’t!”
“Why the eff not?” Ryuji groans.
The lights. On, off, on, off, on. Futaba squints, distantly wondering if now is a good time to
reenter Necronomicon.
The lights finally flick off, and stay off.

Chapter End Notes

did you know, that including chapters not yet posted, that fftsr is now over 700k words?
lol. lmao
I FORGOTTTTTT for several weeks. i'm so sorry. but nonetheless, templegate on
tumblr made some art of the bmtrio~ find it here!
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! akechi... you're killin me here....
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX

Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 7
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Makoto: ugh
Akechi: disgusting
Haru: you both look so cute! <3 <3
Makoto: we look like siblings
Akechi: there cannot be a fate worse than this. get me back in the engine room

Chapter 111
Chapter Summary

The Wraith, the Tree, and the Tapestry

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The lights in the laboratory flicker off, and remain as such. Futaba fights back a shiver. In the
dark, the lab is bathed green; grime, muck, and seawater clinging to every surface.
Yusuke wrinkles his nose. “You should keep a laboratory cleaner than this.”
Takahashi jumps, like he’s just noticed the state of his environment. “I didn’t leave it like
this!”
“That’s… fine,” Ren dismisses, clearly trying to redirect the conversation. “Can we pass
through?”
“I already told you, you can’t!”
Akechi growls under his breath, drawing his gun and marching forward. “Does this change
your mind?”
Futaba’s eyes catch on the grates in the floor. The water lapping somewhere below grows a
bit higher. She wrinkles her nose.
“Don’t shoot!” Takahashi shrieks.
“Please, at least explain why we can’t pass,” Haru says diplomatically.
“The captain said so!”
“So, the only thing physically stopping us is you.” Makoto folds her arms.
Takahashi stammers. “No! No, that is to say— I’m not stopping you!”
Akechi makes a point of loudly flicking the safety of his gun on and off. “Then where’s the
exit?”
“Nowhere!”
Well, that’s a lie. Futaba knows there has to be a path to the engine room somewhere.

The water in the grates is rising even higher. Futaba pauses, halfway to summoning
Necronomicon.
“Um,” her voice is lodged in her throat, her mother’s lab clenching her airway shut. “Hey,
there’s—”
“If he can’t physically stop us, can’t we just walk past him?” Sumire suggests, not hearing
Futaba’s wispy attempts at speech. “Try to search for a path forward ourselves?”
“I dunno,” Ann says, grimacing, “Something about this place is giving me the creeps. Will
poking around do something?”
“Like what?” Makoto asks warily.
“Alright,” Ren says from the front, apparently losing his patience. He draws his own gun,
“Really, where’s the way out?”
“I don’t know!” Takahashi babbles.
“Well think harder.”
Sea foam bubbles through the grates. The stench worsens, and Futaba finally cracks,
whisking herself into Necronomicon. The other thieves all clap their hands over their mouths
in disgust.
She was wrong, in her prior assessment. The main lights up above were flickering on and off,
yes, but the secondary lights— somewhere beyond the walls, or just a product of Shido’s
cognition, were still functioning.
Very suddenly, they switch off. Putrid green is replaced with pitch black. The smell curdles
further towards rot.
Some of the thieves yelp. Futaba slams her hands down on her console, trying to force
Necronomicon to— fuck, she doesn’t know, give herself night vision? If Shido doesn’t want
them to see, then she can’t, but surely she can work around—
“You killed me!”
She freezes.
Takahashi shrieks. There’s a gunshot that lands nowhere, flinching off the metal.
“This was my work! Mine!”
“Oracle!” Ren yells.
“I can’t see anything either!” She shrieks. She doesn’t want to see. She doesn’t want to look,
she doesn’t want to—
Akechi shouts, and Futaba sees a chunk of his health disappear from her screens.

“There’s something here!” He calls, and cries out again as more of his health is axed.
“My work… my discoveries… do you think you can rob me of this?!”
Haru screams next, as some of her vitality vanishes alongside Akechi’s. Futaba can hear
Takahashi sobbing beneath all the commotion.
“We were partners!”
“Hecate!” Ann calls, and fire blooms at the room’s centre, casting all the walls in a red-hot
glow.
Necronomicon captures light in the moment it flashes. Futaba sees Akechi bleeding from his
stomach, Haru bleeding from her arm. She sees stark shadows, splaying their silhouettes
across the ground and walls.
She sees the wraith, the rotting visage of her mother spilling from the grates in the floors.
Dripping sea water and expelling mist from her skeletal limbs, face contorted like the sphinx.
Vengeful rage and postmortem fury etched into every inch.
And it is dark again.
She hears Makoto gasp. She hears Akechi choke.
It’s Ren that fires his gun in the direction of the wraith. There’s another smaller burst of light,
and the unmistakable sound of a bullet hitting the wall.
“Careful!” Morgana yelps.
“We need more light!” Ren demands, “Panther, anyone!”
“Ella!” Sumire shouts, light erupting first by the blue fire of her mask, and again as bless
magic bursts like a flash grenade.
Another snapshot. Akechi and Haru still bleed. Half the thieves are still clogged by the stairs.
The wraith has moved to spilling from a different grate.
“Joker, six o’ clock!” Futaba’s voice wavers. “Mona, Queen, someone get on healing!”
Ren whirls around to fire another bullet, and this time the wraith shrieks in pain. No spell
needs to be cast for Futaba to see Loki’s sword, buzzing and blazing hot, carve down in an
arc to cleave through the wraith.
Futaba’s shaking hands finally think to analyse the enemy. In spite of one bullet and one giant
sword, it still seems very healthy.
“Zorro!” Morgana calls next. A faint green glow knits Akechi and Haru’s wounds back
together.

“You think you’re ready to cut your losses?” the wraith snarls. “You’ll never discover
anything ever again with me gone.”
Futaba sees Ren’s health drop before she hears him yelp.
“Oracle!” he recovers quickly. “Any weaknesses?”
“’M trying!” Futaba stumbles over her words, hands still wracked with tremors.
Necronomicon can’t see what she can’t, but it can certainly sense as she can. The wraith’s
presence is a thorn in her mind, a pulsing headache that she’d ordinarily be able to translate
into a visual map. But now, in pitch darkness, it stays locked behind her eyes.
Analysis, though…
The headache grows.
Nothing!
Not nothing, Necronomicon hums. Conditional.
Arguably worse.
“It has a weakness,” Futaba relays, “But I don’t know what it is.”
Another gunshot, another whizz of a flaming sword. And more: the sound of whirring blades,
of heavy artillery. Little bursts of blue fire.
Ann lets fire erupt, and the wraith has moved again. A low fog ripples across the ground, in
the split second she can see it.
Ren finally responds, “Well, can you find it?”
“Yeah.” No. She can’t. “On it.”
Conditional, it’s conditional, so what’s the damn condition? These cognitive quirks are
always simple if not easy to fulfil, so what’s the trigger—
The wraith hisses as Sumire lets another grenade of light loose.
Futaba nearly hits herself. “The lights!” she blurts, “Someone find a way to get them back
up!”
“Where!?” Morgana yowls.
Futaba doesn’t have an answer for him, and any answer she would have is cut off by the
sound of rapid gunfire. The wraith shrieks, as do several of the thieves.
“Watch it!” Makoto shouts.
“I’m sorry!” Haru gasps. “Someone, please, some light again!”

Sumire calls again: “Ella!”
The thieves aren’t clogged by the stairs anymore, but that doesn’t quite solve their problem.
Half the grates are shielded by high tables that obstruct the path, and the thieves are left to
wind around them as the wraith is free to appear and disappear as it pleases.
“Joker!” Futaba says, her eyes flicking rapidly between multiple screens, “Three o’ clock!”
Another gunshot. Another whirring blade. A burst of nuclear energy.
The sound of a razor quick wave and cracking bones. All of the thieves lose a chunk of
health.
“That light would be really sick right now!” Ryuji shouts in her direction.
“I’m getting to it!”
Another gunshot. “Takahashi,” Ren says. “Where’s the light?”
There’s a choked sound, somewhere between a wail and a sob.
“He’s useless,” Akechi hisses.
Ren says again, more commanding, “Takahashi.”
“Weak, worthless, scum,” the wraith interjects, and several thieves cry out in pain. “Did you
truly think he could replace me!? He barely even understood my findings!”
Futaba sees Makoto take the brunt of the next hit. “I think we should try a different tactic!”
“Such as?” Yusuke asks, sounding strained beneath his usual calm.
A pause. “Isshiki-san,” Makoto starts over the sound of the fight, and Futaba fights not to
retch, “We agree, your work was more impressive than any could hope to replicate.”
“Hecate!” Ann shouts, as quietly as one can when calling a persona. In the glimpse they are
offered, the wraith looks equally as furious as before. “Hey, uh, do you think this is a good
idea…?”
“Your death was unjust,” Makoto continues. “We could help you. Help you bring Shido to—”
The wraith screams so shrilly that Futaba has to clap a hand over her ears. Makoto in
particular tumbles to the ground, stunned, the psychic wave piercing at her persona.
“Well,” Makoto grits, “I tried.”
More blades. More gunfire. More fire and bless and never enough light.
“Eff this,” Ryuji announces, and Futaba just barely catches a glimpse of him running towards
one of the walls. She doesn’t need to see why to hear his pipe clanging loudly against the
metal, searching inch by inch for a solution.

“You think the captain is the only one who deserves to drown?” the wraith hisses after it
stops screaming. “And who do you think the gun was?! Liars, conspirators, murderers—”
The wraith rants and raves, and Loki’s sword is absent in the next round of blades and guns.
“That’s— that’s not fair!” Sumire stutters.
“Nor is it true,” Yusuke adds. “You’re jumping to conclusions.”
“Not sure a cognition can be reasoned with, guys!” Morgana shouts.
Ryuji is still banging against the walls, desperately searching for a light switch of any kind.
Above, Futaba’s hands freeze over her console, and she thinks.
An idea—
She can’t!
At Sumire’s next flash of light, she sees Akechi looking in her direction.
She feels blue and red and gold probe at her mind, separate from her own mental link with
rest of the thieves. A question, an accusation, a what-the-hell-are-you-just-standing-there-for
—
Long, heavy tendrils spill from Necronomicon’s base, thudding against the ground. They
twitch, and rocket toward where she last saw his throat.
Her grip meets metal with force, and she feels him careen forwards. She tries to squeeze, to
crack through his helmet—
The jagged metal guarding his throat silently burns away in blue fire. Necronomicon’s
tendrils snuff the embers in an instant, coiling around his throat and pulling tight.
She feels him gasp, she feels him choke, she feels everyone else in the room stagger to a halt.
“Futaba,” Ren says, and he sounds dangerous,
“Futaba?” The wraith asks.
Futaba feels Akechi’s knees buckle far sooner than they should. She lets him fall, gently, to
the floor, Necronomicon’s grip still iron around his throat.
“It’s me,” Futaba says, and lets her voice carry.
“Oh,” the wraith whispers, all fury vanished, “Futaba. I knew you would be here for me.”
“I am,” Futaba whispers back.
“You’d never betray me like—”

“Mom.” Her throat nearly closes from that word alone. “Can you turn on the lights? I want to
see you.” She doesn’t.
There’s a long pause. Necronomicon’s tendrils twitch.
“Of course, Futaba,” the wraith says. “Anything.”
Light floods the room. Again, it is the pristine lab, machines blinking and humming as the
fog slowly begins to recede. In bright white light, the wraith is hard to look at. Its skin
sloughs off its face, stark bone visible beneath.
Still, her mother’s face smiles.
Futaba loosens Necronomicon’s grip imperceptibly. “Okay,” she whispers, “Thank you.”
“Futaba,” it says, kindly, “My daughter, I knew you would avenge me.”
“I’ve been trying,” she says, and Akechi is still on the ground.
“I knew Shido can’t have—”
“Joker,” Futaba says, and she nearly chokes. “It’s weak in the light.”
There’s a bullet through her mother’s skull near instantly. The wraith doesn’t get the chance
to screech before it bursts into seawater, splashing against the floors and trickling back into
the grates.
Futaba releases her grip on Akechi’s neck entirely. Immediately, he gasps and hacks up his
lungs, clawing at his throat.
After a moment, he rasps out: “Clever.”
Takahashi sobs, curled up under one of the tables.
Futaba doesn’t say anything. She doesn’t descend from Necronomicon, doesn’t move as
Sumire hauls Akechi around her shoulder, doesn’t comment as they stagger over to a corner
and Akechi retches.
“We’re leaving,” Ren says.
(With the wraith dead, Futaba dully notes the path forward. A door on the far end of the lab
that now lies tangible and unobstructed. Though she’s nowhere near it, through her senses she
knows it reeks of oil and smog and iron.)
***
Futaba, very stupidly, tugs on Akechi’s sleeve before he leaves with Haru and the others
while they all uncomfortably hover around the stairs of the Diet Building in Mementos.
Akechi himself was hovering further away than most, and no one but her was foolish enough
to tread closer.

Then again, no one seemed keen on getting too close to her either. She thinks, optimistically,
that perhaps they can wallow in misery together.
“What,” Akechi snaps, dashing such hopes.
Futaba shrugs, and ultimately says nothing.
“If you’re apologising, don’t. It’ll be uncomfortable for us both.”
“I wasn’t going to,” Futaba sniffs.
Akechi’s lip curls. “Well, good.”
Stiff silence yet again.
“You recognised the lab, right?” Futaba asks.
“Of course.”
“Did Takahashi take it over, after mom died?” After you killed her?
Akechi shrugs. “Shido didn’t tell me about any researchers he kept alive until the start of the
year, if you could call it that. I suppose he would have taken over the same lab. Why get a
new one? I never went back after she died, in any case.”
Futaba nods.
“Shitty fight,” she comments. She immediately wishes she didn’t. She doesn’t want to talk
about this at all.
Then why are you here?
Misery loves company?
Akechi grunts in agreement.
“Is your strategy in every fight to just hit it until it dies?” Futaba asks drily. He didn’t even
try to help with lighting the place up.
“Like you were doing anything until the solution was all but spelled out to us.” Akechi glares
at her. “Besides, killing her worked the first time.”
That’s not funny. That’s so not funny, that her stomach does several rage-filled flips, that she
crams all her strength into kicking him in the knee.
She isn’t very strong. Akechi barely flinches, but he accepts it with grace as he grimaces.
He doesn’t apologise. She didn’t apologise for choking him to near unconsciousness, so she
supposes they’re even.

…Though, he basically told her to do it, and was playing along with the performance. Maybe
they aren’t even. Maybe she should kick him again.
“I’m surprised a cognition like that existed at all,” Akechi mutters to himself.
A mantra Futaba has repeated: a cognition. A cobbled-together skeleton of fake bones and
fake skin that looked a bit like her mom. Shido using a corpse as a mouthpiece.
She almost wishes she asked it more questions.
“Maybe he’s guilty,” she says.
Akechi snorts.
“Deep down,” she amends.
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“Deep down.”
“If Shido feels guilt for anything,” Akechi says, “It’s that he didn’t do a good enough job at
killing his loose ends.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
Akechi shrugs. “Then he feels no guilt at all.”
It’s not disappointment that lodges in her chest. She doesn’t want Shido to feel guilty. It
would be… cheap. Whether by his own mind or by wrenching the distortion out of his heart
by force. A pathetic attempt at absolution. She just wants him gone.
Dead?
Maybe.
Gone, certainly.
“Do you think,” she begins, and cuts herself off.
“What?” Akechi asks.
“Nothing,” she grumbles.
Nothing her mom (Not her mom—) said even implied it. Even if it had, she and Akechi had
come to the mutual agreement that neither of them wanted to know.
“What?” Akechi asks again, scowling at her.
“Wondering about the world’s worst family tree,” she mutters.
Akechi’s face twists in disgust. “I thought we agreed never to speak of that again.”

“I don’t think we actually said anything.”
“The agreement was implied.”
To his credit, it definitely was.
“Why are you thinking about this?” he demands.
Futaba shrugs. “Dunno.”
“It would be weird,” she says.
“I kinda hope it’s not true,” she adds.
Akechi just looks at her.
“What about you?” she asks.
“It would be weird,” he agrees, and says nothing else.
(Death grows to its eighth rank, and Akechi tries to chase off the stench of decay.)
***
Ren did not consider himself a paranoid man.
Most notably, did not. His pride keeps him from outright stating what he has become, but he’s
sure even despite it that everyone who knows him is painfully aware of his descent into
twitchy nervousness and deep-seated dread.
And now here he is, and here he thinks he will remain.
He knows he’s paranoid. But he doesn’t think he’s unreasonable.
Truth: Masayoshi Shido has it out for Goro Akechi. Truth: This has already manifested in a
way Ren would very much like to forget, the stench of rot and cloud of mist a little too recent
to brush off. Truth: They have yet to traverse the part of the palace that Ren most fears, that
idly treads through his dreams in the form of klaxon alarms and large metal doors.
Ren almost can’t wait to deal with Yaldabaoth, if only because it means dealing with Shido
will be over.
Ren can think of many solutions to this problem he’s been presented with. The first eighthundred or so are entirely infeasible (including, but not limited to: Shido being spontaneously
struck by a meteor). The remaining one is…
Still infeasible. But marginally less so than all the others. Truthfully, it was the first solution
he thought of, shelved in case of desperate times.
Ren, alone in his and Futaba’s shared room, presses Akechi’s name in his contacts.

It rings. Once. Twice. Thrice.
It clicks through.
Ren is honestly surprised he didn’t get hung up on. He says into the receiver, before a hello or
how-do-you-do, “Any chance I can convince you to skip this palace trip today?”
“Are you a fucking moron?” Goro says, which Ren should have expected.
“Hear me out,” Ren says, opting for levity, because begging is always a bad look. “I’m not
saying you can’t come for when we need to fight his shadow.”
“Do you think I’m an idiot, Ren?” Goro snaps. “What? Do you think I’m allergic to engine
oil? Do you think I’ll drop dead the second I set foot in that room?”
Ren has, admittedly, had nightmares of similar scenarios. “No,” he says.
“I have conceded to many things,” Goro hisses. “My revenge is dead in the water. I tolerated
you in January. I have suffered your presence through this year. I’m getting through this
damn palace.”
Ren shelved this solution for a reason. He should have known it was as infeasible as the
spontaneous meteor.
He closes his eyes. “Your point is made.”
“Wonderful.”
Perhaps Ren should hang up. His halfhearted endeavour has been thoroughly killed. He could
probably go back to pacing his room in silence.
He doesn’t. Goro doesn’t hang up either. Ren can hear him breathing, faintly.
“Does it just not matter to you?” Ren blurts.
“Does what not matter, Ren?”
Ren almost goes to reminisce on the days when conversations with Goro weren’t plagued
with obstinacy and a pathological need to beat around the bush. He then abruptly remembers
that the closest they ever really got to that was when Goro was also planning to kill him, and
decides to take what he can get.
“That everything keeps…” Ren waves his arms at the ceiling. “Happening the same.”
“Seems different enough to me.”
Maybe it’ll be Ren planning to kill Goro if he keeps this up. “But it’s still significant.”
“I didn’t take you for the superstitious sort,” Goro says.

Ren did not consider himself a paranoid man. He didn’t consider himself a superstitious one,
either. And yet here he is. “Hard to brush everything off when you know magic is real.”
“That is perhaps the worst pronunciation of psience I have ever heard.”
“That ‘psi’ does a lot of heavy lifting,” Ren comments.
Goro snorts. “I’d say it does less than you think, but you also don’t know the half of it.”
Ren shrugs to no one. “Point made.”
“Hardly.”
“I think we’ve gotten a bit lost in the weeds.”
“When are we not?”
Ren rolls his eyes at the ceiling. “That was an invitation to direct the conversation out of the
weeds.”
“Do it yourself if you’re so offended,” Goro snaps.
“Fine,” Ren says, “What are we going to do if things go wrong today?”
“In what sense?” Goro asks, and for once it doesn’t seem to just be for the sake of it.
“Things can only truly go wrong in so many ways. If we’re caught in a fight, our only option
is to prevail. If Shido throws some —if you’ll excuse my phrasing— utter bullshit at us, then
we simply have to work around it.”
True enough. “And what if the team gets separated?”
“A common occurrence at this point,” Goro agrees. “Easy: just find everyone again, and try
not to get killed in the process.” A pause. “Are you just throwing hypotheticals against the
wall?”
“Maybe,” Ren admits.
“That won’t solve anything.”
It won’t. Still, despite the lack of solutions, despite the lack of assurances, that tight knot of
fear is loosened slightly. Ren knows it will likely be pulled taught again the moment the
conversation is over, but he relishes the short reprieve.
“Hey,” Ren says, rather than all of that, “You never know.”
“I’ve always taken you for more of an improviser.”
“Well, no plan survives contact and all that.”
“Which is why this conversation is pointless,” Goro drawls. “That room is just a room, Ren.”

“Bullshit it is.” That knot tightens again, preemptively. Ren tries and fails to pry it loose.
“I am trying very hard,” Goro says flatly, “To not be as pathetic as you in the face of things
that haven’t happened.”
“But they did happen.”
“I’m so glad that you have my funeral already planned. Shall I call Maruki in advance?”
Ren grits his teeth.
“You’re not going to die,” he says.
“That’s what I’ve been saying.”
“You’re not.”
“You’re the only one who’s unconvinced,” Goro says airily, which Ren has to believe is a lie.
“Do you seriously think Shido will be our most difficult obstacle?”
Ren wonders what it is Goro truly wishes he could do. Whether it is satisfying or infuriating
that Shido is no longer the final goal, the end-of-the-line. He wonders whether Goro would
still prefer to put a bullet in his skull rather than rip out his heart, or something undoubtedly
more creative a punishment.
“No,” Ren agrees. “We’ve still got two gods to kill.”
“How about you focus on that?” Goro says. “You’re the only one of us who’s killed one, after
all.”
There was a time when all his thieves, bar two, were god slayers. Ren doesn’t know whether
to miss those versions of them, that truly splintered sometime around October. The ends of
the knot tug slightly, and gets nowhere.
“Easier said than done,” Ren mutters.
“I’m not sure why you’re coming to me for anything actionable.”
I just wanted to hear your voice, Ren doesn’t say, because that would be liable to get him
shot. “You’re plenty actionable.”
“I’m great at taking action,” Goro deadpans. “Would you like to guess what my suggestion
is?”
“Is it murder?”
“No. It’s to go bother someone else.”
Ren laughs, despite himself. If he ignores the knot it’s like it’s not there at all. “I’ll be seeing
you this afternoon.”

“And so I hardly need to be plagued by your voice the rest of the day. Goodbye, Ren.”
Ren supposes he appreciates the warning, when Goro hangs up not a moment later.
He falls back onto his futon, staring at the ceiling. The knot, as predicted, tightens yet again.
Ren bides his time until afternoon by concocting hypotheticals, hoping perhaps one will
come in use.
***
An interlude, from vision split in half.
Some time ago, or to the left: a butterfly was asked to enact some magic.
Such a request was unprecedented, not to mention absurd. She was capable of doing such a
thing yes, though surely her master was a better choice, and yet the very idea of ripping at the
threads of time so violently is not something she is amenable to doing—
Who was it that was asking, again?
Him?
Well, perhaps she can (has to) make an exception. She was hardly satisfied with the outcome,
either. She had expected better of her Trickster, but, well. Harbingers tend to be heralds,
whether they wish to be or not.
She has limited time. Simply weaving threads in over themselves won’t help— she’s trying to
change the picture the tapestry shows. She needs… a knot. A wrench in the cogwork. A
butterfly’s wings. Or, preferably, a hurricane in an instant.
A flash of red braided into the snow.
That will do, the butterfly thinks, and rends reality in twain.
***
The butterfly does not remember this, of course.
The attendant cut in half, rather than ponder on her role in this whole mess, can only observe
reality’s fraying edges and scowl with two different mouths. This particular fraying is not her
fault (as would be the case even if she did remember), and so she is left to ignore the obvious
sound of snipping at her back.
Things she knows: Her master is good. Her master is kind. Her master is just as bound to the
rules as she is, which is to say: he cannot possibly be the source of the buckles and bends.
The snipping continues.
“Another incident seems inevitable, Caroline,” one half says.

The other half scoffs, “Nothing we can do, Justine!”
That is true enough. Ruler over power she may be, but the attendant is bound to duty and
rules like any other. Her fractured state does nothing to help.
“Should we warn the Defendant?” the first half asks anyway. “Or the inmate?”
“Look how well they managed it last time.”
“Perhaps their second encounter will be smoother.”
The second half barks a laugh, “Not likely!”
The first half agrees, really. The attendant does not doubt her guests’ power— they will both
prevail, eventually, but she doesn’t believe either will ever manage to avoid trouble before it
begins.
(Often, the butterfly muses, they are the trouble. A thought expressed with fondness and
regret.)
“How long are we going to keep doing this?” the first half whispers.
The second eyes the door warily. The snipping does not falter. “I don’t know what you’re
talking about, Justine.”
The butterfly sighs. Neither halves hear.
“Is our job not to protect our guest?” The first hisses.
The second slams her baton against the ground. “We are wardens and prosecutors. It is
everything else we are protecting from them.”
Neither believes this.
***
When twisting the fabric of reality, there are certain rules one must follow, and certain criteria
one must meet:
One. You must be powerful. If you are not, you will be eviscerated before you can even
begin. If you are not, you must become.
Two. You must have a clear goal. The web with which reality is formed is thicker than most
would expect, and so bending or snapping or weaving it to your will requires finesse, lest you
lose your hand among the strings.
Three. Your goal need not be possible, but it must be conceivable.
And many, many, more, but a certain person tends to only list these three. He has arbitrarily
decided they are the most important, and he’s not entirely wrong.

The butterfly knows how to weave. The Grail only knows how to break. Tricksters, as their
name suggests, are rather good at tying knots.

Chapter End Notes

heya~ i hope you've all been well, because i certainly haven't (fuckass class from hell
that thankfully ends the day this chapter goes up)
more than just complaining, the aforementioned fuckass class means two things: one,
my responses to last chapter's comments may be anywhere from a Bit to Very late as my
class runs all day. sorry bout that, but i'll respond soon i promiseand two, i have been. considering. a small hiatus for this fic after the Shido arc is
concluded (so, in three chapters or so). I haven't burned out or anything of the sort, but
after getting next to nothing done the last fortnight, i've come to the conclusion that i
perhaps need some time to just Write without the stress of needing to stick to a schedule.
the hiatus would lift either after i finish the next arc or after i build up enough of a
backlog to be happy to start posting again. i have no idea how many chapters the next
arc will be, so that'll be a surprise for us all!
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! sibling moment. akechi has a lot of those huh
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 8
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 8
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX

Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: aren't you going to do something?
Futaba: like what???
Futaba: oh wait i have an idea lol
Akechi: that's good OW FUCK

Chapter 112
Chapter Summary

Oil and Gold

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

A room is not just a room, contrary to what Akechi told Ren the day prior.
He isn’t paralysed with fear, like Ren seems to be. He supposes his own death didn’t leave as
much of an impression on him. Yet he can’t claim that the event was something easily
brushed off.
(Liar. In truth, actual truth, the smell of blood and oil and the crack of his ribs is something
that still stains Akechi’s dreams. He’s not too keen to repeat the experience. Perhaps he’s just
better at not thinking about it than Ren is.)
He said his dismissals as they needed to be said and called Ren a coward in so many words.
Now, he pokes and prods at the Tower and its crumbling base and wonders if his mirror
image is still hardcoded to want him dead.
“Okay,” Ren announces, interrupting the chatter of the thieves as they loiter in the entrance to
Shido’s palace. “We ready?”
“Yep,” Futaba says. “I can get us there quick.”
“Before you do that,” Morgana chimes in, “Are we expecting the Cleaner to actually be in the
engine room?”
“His cognition has a base of operations there,” Akechi says.
Ren nods, “And if he’s not there, we just need to kick up enough fuss until he shows up.”
“…And alert every shadow on the ship,” Morgana concludes, and sighs. “Well, if it works.”
“He’ll be there,” Akechi says. “Something tells me he’s not doing his usual rounds with the
ship in this state.”
Ren’s lips tighten into a frown. “I guess not.”
Futaba, true to her word, whisks them to the nearest saferoom with haste. Akechi takes care
to not look around the lab as they have to pass through it. He takes care not to wonder if

Futaba is doing the same.
The engine room is a relatively small place, all things considered. It’s a single corridor, with a
control room on the far end, bathed in red and rust and a light haze of steam. It doesn’t reek
of blood, but Akechi feels like it should.
The glass protecting the emergency bulkhead door button is intact. The door itself is inline
with the floor.
“I can sense a cognition in that room,” Futaba says. “That’ll be him, right?”
“Unlikely to be anyone else,” Makoto hums.
“Yeah,” Ren agrees, “Him and some goons, probably.”
“Eh, easy fodder,” Futaba says.
Akechi marches forward, “Let’s hurry this up.”
Ren stumbles to catch up to him. Akechi picks up the pace a little faster, so they aren't side by
side.
His hand twitches towards his gun as he steps over the dividing line. He forces it still.
Look up, Robin hisses.
He doesn’t get the chance before glass shatters. Barely a moment later, he feels Ren shove
them both to the ground.
An alarm blares, the watertight bulkhead door is now closing, and ha, haha, ha, that’s real,
Focus!
FOCUS!
—his personas shout in tandem. Akechi grinds his teeth.
***
Ren was moving before he properly registered the sound. His thoughts aren’t in order— all
that spasms through his mind is gun, door, get down,
He’s barely a metre away from Goro’s back when glass shatters, and he’s dragged them both
to the ground by the time the alarm sounds.
He hears the thieves shout and yell and the thudding of footfalls; too late, quickly muffled, as
the bulkhead door quickly climbs and slams against the ceiling. Ren curls a little tighter over
Goro’s back, like that will do anything.
“Hello,” something says from above. “I wanted to have a chat.”

Ren’s heart is pounding out of his chest, breath coming in choked gasps. He fucking knew
something was going to happen, he knew it,
“Oh,” the thing says. “I didn’t meant to grab the both of you. This might be awkward.”
“What the fuck are you talking about,” Goro wheezes, still pinned to the ground.
“Conversation, what else?”
“Who are you?” Ren demands, lifting his head to look around wildly. “Where are you?”
The thing laughs, and Ren’s head snaps upward.
“You,” he snarls.
“You,” Goro echoes, groaning with annoyance and banging his head against the floor.
It can’t possibly know what it’s done, what it took, and yet its face cracks into a knife grin,
“Me.”
***
Akechi should have known.
He wonders if this is some elaborate betrayal for a moment, if it would even qualify as one.
However, the cognition stays calmly sitting on the overhead walkway, gun loosely in hand,
seawater falling in little drips the long way to the ground.
“Get off me,” he growls at Ren, and shoves him off before he gets the chance to move.
“I knew it,” Ren is hissing, “I fucking knew it.”
“Knew what?” The cognition asks blandly. “Lovely to meet you, by the way.”
“Now’s not the time to be cute,” Akechi snaps. The thieves are still banging on the door and
screaming confusion, distant and desperate. “What do you want?”
“Conversation, I said,” it repeats. “It’s all we’ve done our past few meetings, why would this
be any different?”
Ren spits something under his breath, raising his gun. He yelps as it’s artfully shot out of his
hand, the gun sent skittering across the metal floor.
“Good shot,” Akechi blurts, bewildered, as Ren’s hand hasn’t even been nicked.
The cognition lowers its gun. “Thank you.”
Ren’s face twists, and he reaches for his knife.
Before he gets the chance to demonstrate his own comparatively poor aim, the floor bubbles,
and shadows burst to life in spires of viscous oil.

Akechi staggers to his feet, “Conversation?”
“Oh,” the cognition says, “I didn’t summon those. You think I have that power?”
“Yes.”
“You think I have that power anymore?”
“Apparently not,” Akechi grits, and shoots through one shadow. Ren quickly redirects his
knife throw to slice through another.
“Good shot,” the cognition comments from its seat on the overhead walkway.
“Oh, fuck off,” Akechi snarls, shredding another shadow with the heel of his boot. “Are you
just here for goddamn quips?”
On the other side of the bulkhead door, he faintly hears the thieves stop banging against the
metal. The echoing thuds and yells of panic are quickly replaced with calls for personas.
“Of course not,” the cognition answers. “Neither of us enjoy wasted time.”
“Doubtful,” Akechi scoffs, grimacing as more shadows burst from the floor. “All you do is
waste time.”
The cognition hums. “Time spent entertained is hardly wasted, but I digress. I’ve figured
something out.”
Akechi just barely avoids slicing through Ren’s arm in an arc through a shadow. “Alarming,
for a thing like you.”
“A thing like me…” it tilts its head, then smiles. “Yes. Need I remind you that we are the
same?”
Akechi snarls, jerking his head upward to glare. “I had almost hoped you’d given up on such
inanities.”
The cognition chuckles. “No such luck. For both of us, that is. Certain revelations have been
disturbing as they are intriguing.”
Akechi lets a curse spell glance off his skin, before rushing forward with a slash. “Care to
share?”
It grins, and repeats: “Of course not.”
Ren stomps on another shadow forming out of the floor. “Focus, would you?” he says.
“Yes,” the cognition hums. “It would be quite a shame if you died here.”
“Fuck you,” Ren spits at it.
“I’m agreeing with you.” The cognition, in a mockery of Akechi’s features, pouts.

“This is ridiculous,” Akechi hisses, as yet more shadows bubble to life. “Is there no end to
this?”
“I admit I’m unsure whose presence exactly is causing this,” the cognition says, legs idly
swinging back and forth. “I’m inclined to say my own, given the man with a penchant for
throwing me overboard is just down the hall.”
Akechi sneers to cover his grimace as Loki’s next spell axes a chunk of his vitality. “Perhaps
you should let him take another crack at it.”
The cognition hums. “I wonder how much of that you truly mean.”
“Your revelations don’t tell you?” Akechi grits.
“In this instance, they only obfuscate the truth further.” It taps its chin. “Is it self-centred to
call us both an enigma?”
“Either help, or shut up!” Ren shouts.
“Agitated, are we?” the cognition smirks. “I am on your side, really.”
Akechi snarls, “Then help.”
The cognition blasts a hole through the head of a shadow that was tousling with Ren. The
bullet also grazes Ren’s cheek.
“Watch it!” Ren yells, shriller than Akechi’s ever heard him.
“I did mean to do that,” the cognition assures them.
“I believe you,” Akechi mutters, firing a bullet of his own through the head of another
shadow.
“I had a whole speech planned, you know, about this revelation of mine,” the cognition
continues. “I practiced it and everything.”
“God, you must be bored.”
“Certainly,” it agrees. “There’s not much better to do. But I can hardly perform the fruits of
my labour in these conditions.”
Admittedly, Akechi isn’t in much of a mind to listen. He kicks another shadow to dust. “Then
why are you still here?”
“Entertainment, I suppose,” it hums. “I’ll have to save it. A shame, really.”
“How often did you say you talked to this thing, again?” Ren shouts over several more
gunshots.
“Too often.” Akechi clicks his tongue.

“Not often enough,” the cognition counters. “Though I’m sure most would disagree. Talking
to yourself is hardly the picture of perfect sanity, right?”
“For the last fucking time,” Akechi seethes, head snapping up to snarl at it directly, “You are
not—”
Gold.
Gold!
Oh.
WELL!
The cognition grins, and its eyes glint.
Akechi barely remembers to move as a shadow’s blades clip into his chest. He retaliates
twofold, and grinds his teeth through the tatters.
“Crow?” Ren calls, a green glow already entangling with the blue fire of his mask, quickly
knitting their wounds closed. “What is it?”
“I’ll be going now,” the cognition says before Akechi can cough up his words. “See you
soon.”
It walks off to nowhere, and Akechi is left with the echo of the Tower growing to its ninth
rank.
***
The shadows stop piling out of the rust nearly in tandem with the cognition’s exit. Ren is
trying very desperately not to hyperventilate as he and Goro clean up the stragglers.
Finally, there are none left.
The floor is coated in thick oil and shattered fragments of shadow remains. Tatters still drift
to the ground in little spirals, unable to settle.
Ren can’t breathe. He can breathe? It’s fine, it’s fine, they’re alive, it wasn’t even that bad,
they can get to the others, it’s fine,
“Are you just going to stand there?” Goro says, strangely subdued.
Goro is half covered in oily shadow blood, too. More viscous than regular blood, it beads and
stretches and looks thoroughly unpleasant to be coated in. Ren can feel some of it sticking to
his shoes.
“I love you.” Ren blurts.
Fuck.

“You know that, right?” He adds, because he can’t shut his damn mouth,
He said he wouldn’t use it as a weapon. He was never going to say anything because of
course Akechi already knows, and this isn’t really knives and blades but it sure isn’t right or
remotely romantic and they’re fine and alive and holy shit he’s alive—
“I know.” Goro says, blandly as anyone’s ever acknowledged a confession, “Do you think
I’m an idiot?”
Ren chokes, “Never.”
“Liar.”
“Sometimes.”
Goro seems satisfied with this, nodding shortly. He turns away, “Now, can we get the hell out
of here?”
Ren didn’t expect a proper response. That’s fine. They’re alive.
“Yeah.” Ren remembers to breathe. He begins to feel the sickly heat of humiliation creep up
his cheeks, and he endeavours to do something as quick as he can. He looks around, the
bulkhead door as impassable as it’s ever been. “How?”
Goro eyes the room, and walks over to the metal shutters, banging against it with his
gauntlets. “Still alive, over there?”
“Joker?! Crow?!” Futaba’s voice blares in their minds.
Ren winces, rubbing his temple. “All good, Oracle?”
“Uh,” she starts, and there’s some shuffling. “As we can be.”
“Good,” Ren sighs. “That’s good.”
“We can’t get through,” she says. “We were trying before shadows showed up.”
“Yeah, we had to deal with them over here too.” Among other things. “Are there any exits on
this side of the wall?”
It’s a question Ren had not asked before. It lances through him, again, as it has many times:
why didn’t he try harder, ask more questions, tear through the damn wall himself if he was so
horrified by the thought of leaving the corpse on the other side to rot.
The corpse in question inspects his gauntlets, unimpressed. Ren remembers to breathe again.
“I can look?” Futaba says, not sounding confident. “I didn’t sense any entrances besides the
one we took to get here.”

The cognition had to get out somehow. Though, as Ren thinks it, he supposes that it’s entirely
possible cognitions aren’t bound to physical space in ways they should be.
“Perhaps there will be a one-way exit,” Goro says. “If we’re lucky, of course.”
Ren doesn’t think any of them are all that confident. “Might as well try, Oracle.”
“In the meantime.” Goro kicks off the wall. “We have someone to pay a visit. Someone
conveniently on this side of the wall.”
“You sure you wanna deal with him alone?” Futaba asks.
“Well, there’s two of us,” Ren says. He’s never been afraid of the Cleaner, shadow or
cognition. At worst, he’ll take a little longer to crumble than normal.
Futaba sighs harshly, and Ren winces again. “Sure! Guess that’s true. I’ll… try and think of a
way out.”
“You do that,” Goro says, already beginning to stride away.
“Good luck,” Ren quickly adds, and rushes to follow him.
Having thoroughly stuck his foot in his mouth not five minutes ago, Ren isn’t exactly in the
mood for small talk. Goro never is, so Ren guesses that suits the both of them.
They reach the door at the end of the hall, and Goro raps on the door with his knuckles.
Ren stares at him, incredulous.
“What?” Goro snaps. “Do you want to do the song and dance of trying to to sneak our way
in? Attempt subterfuge that will inevitably fail, and we’ll have to fight our way out anyway?”
Ren grimaces, remembering Yusuke’s discarded tattoo from last timeline. Judging by the
rather pointed questions, he assumes Goro was also lurking close enough to see it too.
“Alright,” Ren concedes. “Knock away.”
Goro does just that, knocking again.
There’s some shuffling on the other side, that Ren can just barely hear if he strains his ears.
The door opens, and—
Before Ren can react, both Goro and the cognition of Shiraishi are standing with guns
pointed at the other’s forehead.
Goro scowls. Shiraishi stares for a moment, before laughing uproariously.
“I could have sworn I threw you in the ocean,” the cognition cackles. “And that you were
working with a different wardrobe.”
Goro tilts his head. “You should know by now that the former doesn’t tend to stick.”

“And the outfit?”
“Hardly your concern.” Goro pointedly flicks the safety of his gun on and off again. “To
business?”
Ren decides then and there that he’s actually quite tired of negotiating with cognitions. He
also draws his gun, aiming it at Shiraishi.
Shiraishi just raises an eyebrow. He waves his other hand placatingly. “You should know the
captain and I are… on the rocks, shall we say.”
Ren can’t quite tell if the cognition is aiming for a pun or something more vulgar. He elects to
ignore it. “That’s fine,” he says, “Did he forget to take away that letter of recommendation
you’re holding?”
Shiraishi taps his chin performatively. “You know, he just might have.”
Goro holds out a hand, palm up, expectant.
Ren shoots the cognition in the head.
As the shadow beneath the cognition’s skin bubbles and shrieks to life, Goro turns a very
unimpressed look in Ren’s direction.
“What,” Ren echoes. “You’re the one who said negotiation was a waste of time.”
“I said subterfuge was a waste of time— negotiation was going well.”
“He had a gun to your head.”
“And I had a gun to his. We were on an even playing field, Joker.”
Ren fires another bullet at the now fully-formed shadow. “Well.”
“Well?” Goro demands, in between summoning Loki.
Ren doesn’t bother defending himself, and they tear into the shadow with practiced fervour.
***
“Fucking hell!” the cognition of Shiraishi spits, when the skin reforms. “What happened to
the parley?”
Goro shoots Ren another pointed look. Ren shrugs.
“Worked, didn’t it?” he says, not quite sure who he’s addressing with that one.
Goro looks to be reaching the height of frustration, as he hisses something under his breath
and shoots his hand out again to Shiraishi.

Shiraishi waves his arms, digging through the pockets of his slacks. “Take it, you’ve made
yourself clear.”
“Thank you,” Goro says tightly, snatching the letter out of Shiraishi’s hands and immediately
handing it to Ren. Ren dutifully puts it in his own pocket, next to the other four.
“Let’s see if Oracle has any good news.” Goro stalks off back towards the bulkhead door.
Ren doesn’t take his eyes off the still-fuming cognition of Shiraishi, not trusting the man’s
trigger finger even after defeat. He briefly considers putting his own to use, before eventually
settling for walking after Goro with eyes still trained on Shiraishi.
Next to the bulkhead door, Ren finally turns away. Goro bangs again on the metal. “Oracle?”
“You’re back!” Futaba yelps. “Still alive?”
“Yep,” Ren says. “You?”
“No problems here,” she says. “Kinda quiet, actually.”
Ren wonders if she means the lack of shadows, or the thieves. “Any good news?”
“Well, there’s news.”
Goro looks up from inspecting his gauntlets. “Oh?”
“I’ve found an exit,” Futaba says, “I can’t get a good read on everything behind the door, but
there seems to be a vent or something somewhere high up in the room.”
Ren eyes the overhead walkway and silently curses the cognition (all of them, really) again.
“Where does it lead?” Goro asks.
“That’s the thing,” Futaba groans. “I dunno. It goes somewhere, but for all I know it could
lead to a drop right above the ocean. The fact I never sensed it when I was searching for
ways to get in the engine room doesn’t make me think ‘safe and normal’.”
Ren supposes they’ll just have to deal with it, if that’s the case. Metatron has wings. Arsène
has wings. Perhaps either one could be convinced to lend a hand.
It doesn’t quite work like that, Arsène hums.
He’ll figure something out.
“Thanks, Oracle,” Ren says. “Are you going to be able to keep in contact?”
“There’s something weird about this door,” Futaba says. “It’s like a cognitive gate. I dunno
what Shido translates a bulkhead door to in reality, but he clearly thinks it’s as effective as a
real bulkhead door.”
“So…?”

“So: maybe,” she finishes. “Crow’s got navi powers too, so it should theoretically be a bit
easier to keep a link with him.”
“I’ll try and meet you halfway,” Crow says confidently. The sliver of expression that Ren can
see behind his mask betrays an utter lack of knowledge on how to achieve this.
“Great!” Futaba chirps. “We’ll try and meet you halfway, physically, once I find out where
the hell you’ll end up.”
“Great,” Ren echoes, “See you then.”
Climbing up to the overhead walkway would have been a showcase in how much better Goro
is at climbing than him, were Ren not in possession of a grappling hook. In the interest of not
digging himself a yet-deeper grave, he refrains from finishing his leap with a flip.
Goro himself does not abstain, vaulting himself over the handrail with a handstand, landing
hard enough to shake the whole walkway.
“What is this walkway even for?” he seethes, looking around with frustration. “It connects to
nothing.”
“Except that.” Ren points to a small vent nestled against the far wall. Easier to spot than he
expected, considering Futaba’s apparent difficulty in finding it.
Goro kicks off the grate, letting it fall several metres off the walkway with a loud clatter.
With little preamble, he stretches out his shoulders, and shoves his way into the vent.
Ren is quick to follow. The vent is as long and winding as any other vent in this godforsaken
palace, with the added bonus of being notably more claustrophobic. After a minute or so of
crawling, it becomes immediately obvious that the vent is in fact far longer than most others,
as well.
Ren has been running his mouth far more than he should the past half-hour. This would,
ordinarily, be a good sign to shut the hell up, especially when crawling through a vent in
direct kicking distance of Goro’s very sharp boots.
Ren was never all that good at interpreting obvious signs. The silence is stifling.
“Are we going to talk about…” he starts, and trails off, which is about as good a non-sequitur
as ‘I love you’.
Goro abruptly stops crawling through the vent. He sighs, loudly, “Talk about what, Ren?”
He should quit while he’s ahead. “Nothing.”
“No,” Goro says, beginning to shuffle through the vent again with increased ferocity. “Please,
elaborate.”
“I’d rather not,” Ren mutters.

“What, do you expect me to say it back?”
“Of course not.”
“Good,” Goro snaps.
Ren wonders if he would have said it, in January. Or perhaps if he made better choices in
February. Or maybe he never would have, leaving Ren wondering and taking the maybe-truth
to his grave.
Maybe Ren’s just desperate.
Highly likely, Metatron scoffs. Ren shouldn’t have expected the Goro in his head to be any
more forthcoming than the real one.
“Sorry,” Ren says, and he does mean it. “I wouldn’t want that from you, I promise.”
“Liar,” Goro hisses.
“I wouldn’t expect it from you,” Ren corrects. “I wouldn’t want it if you didn’t.”
“Blatantly false,” Goro says flatly.
Ren wonders when early-February snow will stop tainting all his words. “That wasn’t
because I wanted you to love me,” he grinds out through his teeth.
“But the outcome is ultimately the same, yes? An added bonus.”
Everything about it would have made Ren sick. There would not have been a day where bile
didn’t rise in his throat and spill all over the pristine floors of a perfect world. He thought it
would have been worth it.
(Maruki had used him as a bargaining chip, and it worked, it worked, Ren can pretend his
hands were tied all he likes, that he was picking the lesser of two evils, that he wouldn’t have
been able to live with himself, and yet—)
Ren is tired. He doesn’t really have an interest in fighting now, not about this. “Don’t put
words in my mouth. I didn’t even say anything.”
“You were going to,” Goro mutters.
That’s true.
“Well, I didn’t.”
Goro just scoffs.
“Let’s just get out of here,” Ren begs. “The sooner this is all over the better.”
“On that we agree,” Goro says, sliding out of the opposite end of the vent. Ren scrambles to
follow.

“Well,” Goro observes, “It’s not a sheer drop into the ocean.”
It is, however, a near thing.
A small balcony, with little purpose other than to be a balcony. Goro leans back against the
railing, and frowns out at the blood sea and shattered city.
“Huh,” Ren says.
“Indeed.” Goro gives him a sharp look. “Why do you suppose this exists?”
“There was vent access into the engine room last time,” Ren says. “Do you think it got
displaced?”
“I suppose it must have,” Goro agrees idly, turning back around.
Ren braces his arms against the railing. “I wonder how the cognition managed to get out?
This is a dead end.”
“It probably jumped into the ocean,” Goro dismisses. “The better question is how are we
going to get out?”
That is a better question. Ren casts a look at the side of the ship for any conveniently placed
chains or ropes. There are none.
“Can you contact Oracle?” Ren asks.
Goro is quiet for a moment, and he tilts his head.
“No.” He clicks his tongue.
“Guess we’re stuck for a while.”
“Don’t you have a grappling hook?” Goro scowls.
“Do you want me to carry you?”
“A necessary evil.” Goro sniffs, and folds his arms. “I’m not standing here for hours while
the rest of the merry band panic because they don’t know where we are. The faster we get to
the deck the better.”
To say it’s uncomfortable to get a solid grip on Goro’s waist after the day they’ve just had
would be an understatement. Ren does so anyway— he would amend that the faster they’re
out of the palace entirely the better.
Am I still a coward, he wonders.
I never said you were the only one, Metatron whispers, and Ren sighs.
***

(There is but one thing left to do,
When all the fuss of reuniting with the thieves is complete, Ren leads them back to the
central chamber just past the ship’s foyer. The captain’s lockdown message keeps blaring, as
it does, and the patrolling shadows do little to stop them.
All five letters fit perfectly within the designated slots, and the doors creak open.
Above the mimicry of the National Diet, a shimmering cloud hovers, indistinct.
“It’s here,” Morgana narrows his eyes.
“Just the calling card left, then,” Makoto says.
“And three more after that.” Sumire frowns.
“When are we sending Shido’s?” Haru asks.
It’s the fourteenth. They’re cutting it quite fine.
“As soon as possible,” Ren says. And so they will.)
***
There was a time when Goro wondered at the fact he was not real.
Not real in the comparative sense, of course. Not real, because there are layers to all of this,
and even within the context of his not-real world, he was even more not-real than the not-real
thing that houses its core.
Or so he thought. And the fact that he thinks at all should have perhaps been an indicator that
his position of not-real was something that ought to be called into question. Of course,
thought was not something afforded to him for the entirety of his existence. There was a line
when things began to change.
There is a Tower, built brick by brick. He was not there to see its construction, or at least to
truly comprehend it, but he is here to feel razor wires and crumbling stone, and wonder if the
fractured shards of his mirror can feel it too.
Surely he can. He must. Goro Akechi is many things; ignorant, obstinate, a stubborn,
foolhardy, bastard. But he is observant. Goro wonders at how much of that applies to the both
of them.
The Tower hums and sings and sways. What would it take to fall? It should have fallen long
ago by any normal metric, but, well: stubborn, obstinate, etcetera, etcetera.
“Back to the regular outfit?” A voice sounds from behind him.
Goro pushes off the railing from where he’s been standing on the deck of the ship, and gives
the Cleaner a sunny smile. “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”

The Cleaner barks a laugh. “Yeah, yeah, real funny, Akechi-kun. Good you changed back, the
other one looked stupid.”
Goro thinks the cleaner himself is rather stupid, for not being able to tell that he met two
separate entities. Though, isn’t that dividing line exactly what Goro had been in the middle of
pondering?
The fact the Cleaner is speaking to him at all is quite something, actually. Perhaps Goro will
actually recall this? Is his perception —not-real as it is— finally enough for the palace to
warp around him? Will he hold memories, rather than just a vague script of events for
everything that happens when not speaking to his counterpart?
“Are you here to toss me overboard again?” Goro asks, leaning back. “It seems a waste of
effort.”
Another thing Goro isn’t clear on: how exactly it is he plunges into the icy depths, and
manages to claw his way back out again. Perhaps it only need be boiled down yet again to
stubborn, obstinate, etcetera.
The Cleaner snorts. “You’re right about that.” He pulls out a cigarette and a lighter, sparking
it until it catches. “Captain’s boat is a little frail, these days.”
Goro hums. “Preparing to cut ties?” It would be convenient if this were true in reality as well,
though he has no way of confirming or denying. He suspects casual interrogation won’t be on
the table next he and his mirror meet.
“Something like that.” The Cleaner breathes out a long trail of smoke. “And you?”
“You were the one throwing me overboard, you tell me.”
“Ha!” The Cleaner grins. “True enough! I’m wondering why you keep coming back.”
Goro sniffs. “I have some business left here.”
A shrug. “Your funeral, brat. Though I suppose you can handle yourself, huh?”
Another misconception born of mistaken identity. Though, it isn’t entirely untrue. Goro
smiles thinly. “That I can.”
The Cleaner takes another drag. “You enjoying that letter of yours?”
Well, Goro supposes it’s good to hear that his counterpart and the other one didn’t fail
miserably. “Indeed I am. I suppose I should thank you.”
“Yeah, yeah, spit in my face, why don’t you?” The Cleaner scoffs, and waves a hand. “You
have fun. Who knows? Might be the last you see of me.”
That all depends on if the captain is ready to let him go, Goro supposes. He wonders whose
departure will come first. “Maybe so,” he says.

The Cleaner stares at him as he exhales smoke, like he’s waiting for Goro to say something.
Goro has nothing to add, and eventually the Cleaner huffs, turning on his heel.
Looking out at the ocean again, Goro replays the conversation in his mind. Then he plays it
again, and again, and again, and marvels that the details stay sharp. What a novel layer of
not-real he has achieved.
He smiles, and feels another brick shift under strain.

Chapter End Notes

heya~ two more chapters left before i take a break! It's my greatest joy to announce i am
free from fuckass class and now back in normal class hell. less hellish than before, but a
degree is a degree yk ykSocials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! [twirling my hair] hi there cogkechi... fancy seeing you here... also lol rank
9 moment.
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 9
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 7
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 8
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___
Akechi: Are you fucking serious? It was insulting enough that you have the audacity to

say you love me to begin with, and now you imply that there's anything more to discuss?
You fucker. You imbecile. I should kill you again
Ren: [staring at his ass] sorry could you repeat that

Chapter 113
Chapter Summary

One last push

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There are thieves picking his brain, he’s sure.
Masayoshi Shido is not typically superstitious, but he is also not one to ignore signs when
they are given to him. An intense headache, and visions of ghosts and wraiths and sinking
ships, and the blaring hot spot of Metaverse activity at the heart of the National Diet are more
than enough to qualify as a sign.
There is no calling card. It’s only a matter of time. The election is mere days away.
And so, Shido considers thus:
What does a man do when the sword is about to fall?
The fool would get his affairs in order. It is not physical death that approaches him, (unless
his wayward son gets any ideas) but it is death all the same. To prepare for this in advance is
practically an early admittance of defeat; nor would he particularly care what happens after
his hypothetical demise.
He could, of course, simply place faith in his mind to excise the thieves as necessary. But
only a fool cursed with unique arrogance would assume themselves invincible. He
remembers Isshiki’s notes well. Manifestations afflicted with this particular delusion were
more brittle than powerful. Thought processes must be airtight to circumvent intrusion.
Clearly he has failed in this.
And so remains one final path, aside from simply succeeding:
A contingency. A Hail Mary. A last-ditch effort to crush the thieves skittering where they
should not in a crunch laden with finality.
Isshiki’s research continues to be fruitful. The death of a mind will destroy the manifestation
with it. Kaito Takahashi has produced one piece of unique information for Shido in his years
as head researcher, that being that hypothetically, temporary death will hold the same effect.
Untested, volatile, side effects unknown. But an option.

Beyond his efforts to save himself, there are more things to be done. He will not be getting
his affairs in order, but he will be ensuring that he will not be the only one going down should
the thieves succeed.
Postmortem retaliation is only fair, isn’t it?
***
They do not send the calling card immediately. Not out of any desire to wait on anyone’s part,
but rather because they don’t have one yet.
Futaba assured them all she would be working around the clock to get it finished. Personally,
Akechi believes that a threatening text would have sufficed, but he understands the need for
dramatics. An anticlimax would hardly do at this stage.
For his part, Akechi feels…
He doesn’t really feel much at all. A gaping hole where his revenge used to sit. Come
tomorrow, or maybe the seventeenth, it’ll be over. Not in the way he wanted— no, he was
never going to really get what he wants.
Theoretically, he came to terms with that the first time that bulkhead door slammed closed. In
practice, shards of regret lodge in his throat and leave his taste bitter.
What did you really want?
Oh, what the hell does he know? Too late now. A mentality he had been happy to adopt
during January, and one he finds significantly more difficult to cling to now that he’s set to
live past the end of the month.
Mementos isn’t calming, but it is something to do. Somewhere to pace, where he won’t be
pierced by the pitying or concerned eyes of Haru, Ann, Sae, and Makoto simultaneously. It’s
also far, far away from Ren, by virtue of the fact that he’s in another reality entirely.
Akechi pauses in his meandering to take a slow breath. He then considers that he’s actually in
a place that’s rather perfect for not bothering to contain his anger, and wonders if directing it
towards the shadows in the top layers of Mementos is a good use of his time.
Akechi hisses as he’s startled by a loud and panicked yowl.
“What the hell are you doing here?!” Morgana points at him accusingly.
Akechi recovers faster than the cat does. “Walking.”
That seems to annoy Morgana out of his shock. “Obviously! I have eyes!”
“The size of dinner plates,” Akechi observes, and resumes his path. Morgana will follow if he
wants.
He clearly does, as he quickly waddles after Akechi. “I didn’t choose to look like this!”

“People rarely do.”
“You’re in a weird mood.” Morgana scowls.
Ah, that he is. Beyond that muted frustration and hollow ache, Akechi can recognise that
most people would likely be in a weird mood, in his position. Then again, most people would
not be in his position. He can never quite decide if that pisses him off or not.
“I’m surprised to see you here,” Akechi admits.
Morgana sniffs haughtily. “I can go where I want.”
“I didn’t say you couldn’t.”
“Then stop saying it like that!”
Akechi pinches the bridge of his nose. “I am saying, that I have never encountered you here
before.”
Morgana looks at him suspiciously. “How often do you come here?”
“Often enough,” Akechi says. “I usually run into Yusuke, somehow.”
“Huh.”
Akechi shrugs. “He likes the atmosphere, I assume.”
“And you?”
“I like the quiet,” Akechi says pointedly.
“I guess it is pretty empty on this layer,” Morgana agrees, either ignoring or deftly dodging
the hint. He crosses his arms. “Are you ready for tomorrow?”
“We’re entering as soon as the calling card is sent?”
“No reason not to. We’re cutting it close as is.”
“One can only hope the change of heart takes effect in time,” Akechi mutters.
“It will.”
Akechi raises an eyebrow.
“I think,” Morgana amends.
“Well, it’s not as if we can really influence that at this point.” Akechi sighs.
“You’re awfully…”
Akechi raises another eyebrow.

“Defeated,” Morgana settles on.
“I,” Akechi has no qualms admitting, “Am tired. It’s not even a matter of if we’ll succeed, as
you’ve all done it before with lesser numbers, rather how annoying it will be.”
“Don’t get too confident.” Morgana grimaces. “Who knows what’ll happen.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Akechi drawls. “Shido’s shadow could very well be our fiercest
opponent, for no discernible reason other than to fuck us over.”
“Don’t jinx it!”
“I am attempting to strike a balance.”
Morgana groans. “We don’t need to ask for anything to go wrong.”
“I’m aware,” Akechi deadpans.
“I guess you would know,” Morgana snorts. “Say, what happened on the other side of the
wall? You guys seemed fine, but Ren was cagey about it.”
Akechi feels immensely satisfied that Ren was likely too embarrassed to even begin
recounting what occurred behind the bulkhead door. “We had an encounter with my
cognition.”
Morgana startles. “I thought you said that thing wasn’t trying to kill you!”
“It wasn’t,” Akechi says. “But the palace was trying to kill it. You can thank its presence for
the shadows we all had to deal with.”
“Makes sense,” Morgana grumbles sourly. “Hopefully it won’t show up for—” he cuts
himself off.
“Don’t finish that thought.” Akechi shares a deadened look with the sky.
“I didn’t! I didn’t say it! Now it won’t happen!”
“Stop.”
“Let’s talk about something else,” Morgana says quickly.
Akechi would welcome literally any other conversation topic. “Such as?”
“Uh…”
Akechi waits.
“Queen’s new persona is pretty cool?”
Akechi sighs.

“It is!” Morgana insists. “The motorbike was already pretty cool, but the mech is even
better.”
“Has Futaba been making you watch featherman?” Akechi mutters.
“No, she— hey, wait, how did you know that I was—?”
“Anyway,” Akechi interrupts. “A persona evolution isn’t exactly breaking news. Didn’t Ann,
Ryuji, and Yusuke already have their second personas even before I joined?”
“Well, yeah.” Morgana frowns. “It’s still exciting though.”
“Mm.”
“And Yoshizawa said hers evolved twice.”
“So did yours, eventually,” Akechi says.
Morgana is quiet.
Akechi waits again. When Morgana stays silent, he shoots the cat a look. “You aren’t going
to ask?”
“Would you tell me?”
“Of course not,” Akechi dismisses. “Who knows what effect that would have?”
“Exactly,” Morgana grumbles. “You and Ren won’t talk, so why bother asking?”
“You could always poke Sumire about it, if you’re desperate.”
“She’s not gonna say anything either!” Morgana yowls with offence. “Why are you playing
such a weird angle with this!? You obviously don’t want me to know!”
Akechi clicks his tongue. “It’s less a matter of wanting, and more a matter of jumping the
gun.”
“So I just have to figure it out myself.”
“Half your team has done so already— you’ll be fine.”
“I’m not talking about personas!” Morgana snaps.
Akechi had a feeling, but still: “We very explicitly were.”
“Can it!”
Akechi holds up his hands in mock surrender, while rolling his eyes. “Fine, fine.”
“I’m not stupid,” Morgana insists.

“With regard to?”
“It was all I thought about, for basically my whole life!” Morgana says, “Then you and Ren
and Yoshizawa all show up with future knowledge, and instead of answers, all that’s at the
bottom of Mementos is some freaky demiurge!”
Akechi almost expects the ground to rumble, or for the jagged red lines of the sky to pulse in
acknowledgement. It doesn’t.
“What are you looking for?” Akechi asks, because he never cared to before.
“I don’t know!” Morgana shouts. The sound echoes uncomfortably around the empty street.
“Me! Myself! I was so sure I was human, but—!”
He sniffs, and kicks at the ground.
“If I really was human, Ren would have said so already. So I’m not.”
“And what are you going to do about it?” Akechi interrupts.
“If I knew, I wouldn’t be complaining, would I?” Morgana snaps.
“I suppose not,” Akechi agrees.
Silence again.
“Not gonna confirm or deny?” Morgana mumbles.
“You’ve arrived at a conclusion without my input.”
“You’re hilarious.”
“People tell me this all the time,” Akechi deadpans.
“You and Ren are just as bad as each other.”
“Don’t compare me to him.”
Morgana glares. “Then say something!”
“Have you reached some semblance of acceptance, or not?” Akechi rolls his eyes.
“I never said that.”
“Then really,” Akechi repeats, “What are you going to do when you don’t like the answer?”
Morgana fumes silently.
“Rich, coming from you,” he eventually spits.
It’s irritating, that Akechi can’t argue. “I am attempting to reach acceptance presently.”

“How’s that working out for you?”
“Poorly.”
“See!” Morgana huffs.
“Have I not proven time and time again that people should strive to not be me?” Akechi
clicks his tongue.
Morgana snorts. “Well, yeah.”
“Then there, I’ve said something.”
Morgana kicks him in the ankle. “Jerk! Don’t act like you’re above it!”
(A common mechanism. He will rage and curse and bleed and scoff when he sees it
elsewhere.
He knows well: this is not conducive to success. He knows well: that there is little one can do
but rage and curse when so thoroughly trodden upon by misfortune. He knows well,
Wasn’t it cathartic, to scream blood and murder?)
“Do you really want to hear how I’m feeling?” Akechi sneers.
“Sure.” Morgana scowls. “Yes. Lay it on me!”
“I think,” Akechi begins, “That this is all a pile of hot, flaming, bullshit. And if I had it my
way, Shido would have been paste in his carpet months ago.”
Morgana groans. “We all already know that.”
“And everyone is painfully aware at how desperate you are to be human, and you’re still
sulking.” Akechi snarls.
“Well at least you still get to do something! I’m just,” Morgana gestures furiously to himself.
“Stuck like this!”
“Do you want me to do something?” Akechi’s lip curls. “Maybe I will kill him, since you’re
so insistent. Perhaps I should finish the job with Ren while I’m at it.”
Morgana scoffs. “You don’t mean that.”
“I thought your point was that we were on the same page,” Akechi snaps. “I’m agreeing with
you. None of this is fair. But what recourse do any of us have? Ask Maruki for a solution?”
That shuts Morgana up, as much as it ever has for someone who wasn’t there to witness
January in the flesh. Akechi hands flex and tighten, his gloves straining.
Morgana’s ears flatten against his head as he finally speaks up again. “Was my wish…? Well.
What was I like?”

“Extremely unsettling.”
“Oh.”
(In that moment, the Hermit grows to its eighth rank. Akechi has long since stopped trying to
discern any logic from such things; but still, he wonders)
Morgana kicks at the ground again.
“So I’m really not human?” he asks, voice small.
“I’m trying not to break anything.”
“I’m not fragile.”
“I meant the timeline,” Akechi clarifies.
Morgana sniffs. “Sure.” His eyes are fixed on the ground. “…Do you know what I am?”
“Whatever revelations you may have had, you had them while I was busy being dead,”
Akechi says. “I have no idea.”
Morgana squeaks out a laugh, coughing like he didn’t expect it. “Asking you was a bad idea.”
Akechi snorts, walking ahead. “Now this is a revelation you should have had a long time
ago.”
***
“Where were you?” Makoto doesn’t mean to snap when Akechi appears back in Haru’s
apartment.
Akechi glares at her, shoving his phone back in his pocket and folding his arms. “Where do
you think?”
“Right,” she huffs.
“Please don’t get into an argument right now,” Haru cuts in. She’s been rushing around for
the past thirty minutes, fretting about every corner of the living room. Despite this, she still
manages to look otherwise quite calm.
“No arguments here,” Akechi says drily. “Is something happening?”
“Those bodyguards you hired are showing up,” Ann says from the couch. “Apparently.”
“Yes, we’ve reached an accord,” Haru confirms. “I’ve signed the required contract.”
Also from the couch, Makoto swears she hears Sae audibly frown.
“And you’re certain you trust these people?” she says.

“A little late, no?” Akechi snorts, and flops down next to Ann. “Though I suppose you could
turn them away at the door.” He pauses, and narrows his eyes at Sae. “When did we loop you
in?”
“While you were gone,” Makoto deadpans before Sae can. “Thanks, by the way.”
“Arguments,” Haru repeats.
“I do hope the only reason you’re committing to this isn’t it’s a little late,” Sae snips.
Makoto should probably defend the group who initiated this, as a reluctant member. “We
came to the conclusion that the potential rewards outweigh the risks.”
Sae pinches the bridge of her nose. “As you’ve said.”
“I trust them,” Haru declares.
“No you don’t,” Akechi says, incredulous.
Haru’s shoulder’s slump, and she looks exasperated. “I was attempting to appear confident.”
“Ooh, yeah,” Ann drawls. “I took a PR class once— it’s better to take a stance! Or not say
anything at all. You can never be unsure, though!”
“Is that even true…?” Makoto mumbles.
“Dunno,” Ann says, “But hey, it’s what they told me.”
Sae’s expression becomes yet more pained.
“Please trust us with this,” Haru says. “I would rather a threat we expect than a threat we
don’t.”
“It seems like you’re just introducing a second threat,” Sae counters.
“Or we could be eliminating one entirely,” Akechi muses. “A gamble, ultimately.” He smiles
beatifically, “You’re a gambling woman, right Sae-san?”
Sae looks at him with vague disgust. Makoto herself can’t settle on mirroring her expression,
or snorting very loudly. She barely manages to do nothing.
Haru sighs, moving to adjust a pot plant for the fifth time. She nearly shatters it as she startles
violently at the sound of the apartment’s buzzer.
Makoto tenses. Ann splutters as her hair flies into her mouth with the speed of her head
whipping around. Sae closes her eyes. Akechi seems nonplussed.
No one moves, and as the seconds tick on Makoto feels herself tense further. Haru wrings her
hands and rapidly fixes her already perfect hair, and strides down the hall towards the door.
“Should we hide?!” Ann hisses.

“Well, they’re going to see us eventually,” Akechi says. “So it seems like wasted effort.”
“Shouldn’t you hide?” Sae folds her arms, hands tensing and flexing. “You’re the supposedly
dead celebrity.”
“Aren’t they also going to recognise us from…” Makoto trails off, a cascade of potential
horrible outcomes flitting through her mind. “When we negotiated with them?”
“With any luck, they’ll be endeared,” Akechi says, but his lip curls. “Unless you suggest I
keep up the disguise permanently? I’m sure a face mask will work for long stretches of time”
“Alright fine, you’ve made your point,” Makoto snaps. “Then what—?”
The sound of three sets of shoes click down the hall.
Akechi eyes dart in the direction of the noise, and he lowers his voice to a hiss. “Consider
this our gamble. They either protect us unconditionally, or we were never safe to begin with.”
“And if they don’t?” Makoto hisses back.
“You won’t like my suggestion.”
Makoto manages to truncate the myriad curses that threaten to burst from her lips as the
footsteps breach the living room.
“Thank you for your punctuality, Micheal-san,” Haru is saying.
“Not at all,” Micheal says, dressed what Makoto can only assume is an exact copy of the suit
he was wearing on their first meeting, sunglasses at all. The second man, same again as last
time, trails after them, his expression stoic. “It wouldn’t do to be so flippant after we’ve just
reestablished business, wouldn’t it, Okumura-san?”
“No,” Haru agrees. “It wouldn’t.”
Micheal hums, his gaze dragging over the living room. He gives a polite bow to the small
crowd, not batting an eye. “I assume Okumura-san has already filled you all in. You’ll likely
be seeing less of me, as I’ll be taking night shifts as negotiated, but I hope we’ll get along
nonetheless.”
“Likewise!” Ann says, a bit too cheerful and a bit too loud. Makoto can see her actively
sweating.
Sae nods stiffly, in something that might be mistaken for agreement.
Haru folds her hands behind her back, “If I recall correctly, three of you will be on rotation?”
“Yes— ah, I suppose you’re wondering where the third is,” Micheal laughs. “For your peace
of mind, I’ll supervise his first shift. He’ll be showing up tomorrow.”

“Thank you,” Haru says, even as Makoto really isn’t sure what such a concession will
accomplish. Peace of mind, indeed.
“Well,” Micheal dusts his hands together, and claps his companion on the shoulder. “I’ll leave
it to Tobias.”
Makoto sees this company has a theme with their fake names. Tobias, still yet to remove his
sunglasses, nods slowly. “I can brief you on our protocol for incidents, Okumura-san,” he
says. “I look forwards to working with you.”
“And I, as well.” Haru mirrors the nod.
Micheal throws up a casual wave, his need for professionalism apparently having faded the
second he’s off the clock. “I’ll be seeing you in a few hours, Okumura-san, everyone.”
His eyes linger for just a little too long on Akechi and Makoto as he leaves. Akechi’s eyes
narrow once his back is turned. Makoto doesn’t let her shoulders slump until Tobias is
situated near the front door, and Micheal has long since left the house.
***
Futaba isn’t unfamiliar with crunch.
She’s worked overtime to get things done before. In fact, she’s worked herself into several
stupors, that her mom and then Sojiro mildly panicked about until they realised she was just
exhausted. However, the key distinction between then and now is that her self-imposed
fervour was just that: self imposed. There was no outside force dictating that she mash at her
keyboard until her fingers hurt, she simply felt like doing so.
She doesn’t particularly feel like doing so right now. She’d rather be asleep, honestly. She’d
rather be doing a great many things other than preemptively figuring out all the backdoors to
hijack the Shibuya Scramble television screens, and mashing her face against her PC tower
trying to edit a suitably cool calling card that past-timeline-her already did.
She kinda wishes Ren brought a USB with him back in time. Woulda been helpful. And she
could have spent the day doing something that didn’t make her feel sick.
She ought to feel vindicated. Ready. Excited. Itching to fight, itching to stick it to Shido after
he killed her mom and then had his palace rub it in her face. Futaba is too drained to feel
anything other than mild dread.
Maybe it’ll be easy, she thinks, and then immediately backpedals lest her internal monologue
invite destruction from universal forces.
She, thankfully, didn’t have to write the calling card. Ren sent a summary of what the calling
card consisted of last time via the group chat, and everyone collectively agreed that pasttimeline-them did a pretty good job. (Barring Akechi and Sumire, naturally, the latter of
whom had to be bullied into adding a line or two of her own after saying she ‘didn’t really
mind if she wasn’t there!’ and the former, who wrote a spiteful and cutting paragraph that had

to be both trimmed and thoroughly toned down. Strangely, Futaba got the sense his heart
wasn’t really in it.)
The calling card script is kinda cheesy. Their various line deliveries, sent hastily via phone
recordings and with awful quality quickly masked by voice modifiers, equally so. Which of
course means it’s cool as hell. Futaba wishes she could appreciate it more.
She wishes she could focus,
This thing needs to be done today. No pushing it back, no breaks, no messing around because
they technically still have time, their time is up. Futaba has been running off of the
procrastinator’s gambit for so long that the realisation that the election is in two days has
thrown her for something of a panic-induced loop.
Focus.
She’s trying.
Where did her energy from when she took out Medjed go? She could use some of that right
about now. She thinks it died when time travel started getting involved. Could she get it back
if she asks nicely?
Focus. Necronomicon repeats, her voice beginning to sound exasperated.
Yes, yes, she’s making progress. Inchworm level progress, but still progress.
She’s actually quite close to being done. The various television networks and Scramble
screens proved to be not much of a challenge. She hasn’t hacked them yet, of course, just
done some reconnaissance, but when the time comes she suspects it’ll be easy pickings.
It’s late afternoon.
Work quick, work quicker.
Are you really satisfied with an anticlimax?
…Futaba does just kind of want this to be over.
But, no. No, Necronomicon is right, and Necronomicon is her, so it basically means that she’s
right: Shido is the chickenshit before the real final boss, but he still killed her mom. Laced
landmines into the ground to try and tear her family apart again and again, and it doesn’t
really matter what the calling card is, but by the gods that keep trying to screw them over is it
gonna be cool.
Futaba looks at her editing software, calling card near-finished in the timeline. It’s already
pretty cool. It could be cooler though. What’s the point of having another version of yourself
to compete with if you aren’t trying to one-up them constantly?
“Ren!” Futaba shouts without bothering to unshrimp herself from where she’s hunched over
her computer.

Ren scrambles into their shared room, looking frazzled. “What?!”
Futaba snickers, a grin splitting her face. There’s the energy she was looking for. Hey, maybe
she should get back into the hacktivist business while she’s at it. She feels great. “You’re
gonna need to rerecord some lines. We’re making this the shit.”
***
Makoto isn’t sure how to feel when it becomes immediately obvious she and Akechi had the
same idea, as they bump into each other in the kitchen in the dead of night.
“Bad day to be staying up late,” Akechi comments.
“You’re awake too,” Makoto snaps.
He sighs, “Yes. Ideally, our newfound house guests would be giving us better sleep, no?”
Right to the point. Makoto supposes she prefers it to their winding arguments. “Ideally,” she
agrees. “Give it a few days.”
Akechi snorts. “Usually that sort of trust is built over months, at least.”
“We’ll have to truncate it.”
“I suppose we will,” Akechi sniffs. “Are we going to be playing watcher to our bodyguards,
or are we going to go back to sleep?”
Makoto wrings her hands. She’d like to sleep.
“…Let’s just…” she trails off.
Akechi scoffs, “What, stand and stare?”
“Maybe it’ll be intimidating,” Makoto mutters.
“Not while we’re in track pants and shitty t-shirts, it’s not.”
Her pants are fine. “Can’t hurt,” she insists. “Who’s our night shift?”
Akechi heads tilts in the vague direction of the door, “Micheal by now, I think.”
“That’s…” Makoto was going to say ‘good’, but she isn’t sure if that’s actually the case. She
thinks the friendly demeanour only serves to set her more on edge. Shiraishi is supposedly
the friendly sort, too.
Akechi hums, his own opinion on the matter obscured.
Makoto scowls, making an impulse decision, and starts off down the hall. She hears Akechi
click his tongue behind her, and she thinks perhaps his opinion isn’t all that obscured after all.
He does still follow her, which she’s also not that surprised about by this point.

As expected, Micheal is indeed standing guard at the door. His hands are folded in front of
him, his stance relaxed but steady. His eyebrows raise as he sees the two of them awkwardly
staring him down.
“Well, well, I was wondering if I was going to remake your acquaintance.” Micheal smirks at
them both, and gives a bow.
Well.
“You recognise us,” Makoto states. Part of her hoped the jig wouldn’t be up so fast.
“Hey, the half-covered faces of the Okumura matriarch’s suspiciously young-looking
bodyguards tend to stick in your mind when you meet them.”
Akechi snorts, rolling his eyes. “I suppose you had your fun, playing pretend.”
“I would call you a couple of kids playing dress-up,” Micheal agrees. “Though you’re edging
on a little too old to be called as such.”
“No one entering the security business right out of high school?” Makoto mutters.
Micheal snickers. “It’s more popular than you’d think, less popular than you’d expect. But it
seems like you might know something about that, wouldn’t you, Akechi-kun?” His lips curl
into a grin.
Akechi does not visibly stiffen, but Makoto swears she can feel it through the floorboards.
“So,” he says. “You do know who I am.”
“I didn’t the other day, if you’re concerned.” Micheal waves a hand. “I thought you nothing
but a rather uncanny look alike. But you are supposedly dead celebrity, you know.”
“I figured I was last week’s news.”
“You are,” Micheal assures him. “But you tend to be reminded of sensational events, when
the face of them is giving you a glare.”
“What are you implying, anyway?” Makoto snaps.
Micheal shrugs. “I’m just saying. I have no idea who you are, but I think we’re all in
agreement that none of this is… shall we say ‘normal’? Especially when considering the
aforementioned supposedly-dead-celebrity.”
“And why is that your business?” Akechi sneers.
Micheal raises his hands in surrender. “It isn’t. Just making an observation.”
“I don’t believe your current employer is paying you to do so,” Akechi snaps.
“Consider it on the house!” Micheal laughs.

“So, what?” Makoto presses, “This is a fun little gig for you?”
“A bit of entertainment,” Akechi drawls.
“I do take my job quite seriously,” Micheal says. “Okumura-san wants protection, and she’ll
get it. For herself, and for the band of runaways she’s taken to sheltering.”
Makoto presses her lips together.
Micheal snaps his fingers, “Haven’t I seen that blonde girl on magazine covers?”
“I take your needless speculation is also on the house,” Akechi says.
“You have to occupy yourself somehow. Standing around for eight hours isn’t exactly the
most riveting job.” He smiles. “Not that I’m hoping for anything more interesting, of course.”
“You’re a lot less professional when Haru isn’t here,” Makoto sniffs.
“Okumura-san is my boss,” Micheal dismisses. “It wouldn’t do to be too friendly, would it?”
“You’re already friendly enough.”
“It’s good to establish a rapport,” Micheal says. “The Okumura-san before her was never too
fond of getting to know us.”
“Not too fond of him?” Akechi asks, leaning against the wall.
“It’s a poor idea to speak ill of a man in his own house.”
“Not his house, anymore.”
“It’s a poor idea to speak ill of a woman’s father in her own house,” Micheal corrects.
Makoto snorts. Micheal, annoyingly, seems cheered by that.
“So,” Micheal continues when it becomes clear Makoto and Akechi won’t, “Did you two
really just come here to stare?”
Makoto and Akechi exchange a look.
Micheal seems unbothered, which wasn’t entirely the desired outcome. “While you’re here, I
may as well ask a question.”
Makoto narrows her eyes. “Ask away.”
“How paranoid is Okumura-san, really? Our current one, that is.”
Akechi kicks off the wall, folding his arms.
“I ask because she claims not to be,” Micheal explains. “And yet during all of our
negotiations she was extremely tight lipped about her circumstances, and incredibly insistent

on various redundancies, more so than her father would have asked for.”
“And that’s strange, how?” Makoto tries to deflect. “She’s an heiress.”
Micheal holds up a hand. “Half her reasoning became very obvious when I saw all of you this
afternoon. There’s no need to beat around the bush here, miss. I ask: how pressing are your
concerns, really? I’m trying to be effective at the job I’m being hired for, here.”
“Trying to determine how much attention needs to be paid at any given time?” Akechi snarks.
“Part of it.” Micheal doesn’t bat an eye. “It’s about risk analysis. Why have me here at all if I
don’t know what to expect?”
“You didn’t give Haru this same speech?” Makoto asks.
Micheal grins. “She’ll do well in business, that one. She’s held fast on saying nothing at all.”
“And you think we have looser lips,” Akechi’s lip curls.
“I’m taking a guess,” Micheal admits. “Two kids in your situation might understand me
more, yes?”
Makoto takes some solace in the vagueness. That Micheal cannot truly know them at a
glance, that his colleagues likely cannot know them either.
And, still, there is something to be said about transparency.
She and Akechi share yet another look.
“Expect nothing good,” Akechi begins.
“What are we talking here?” Micheal presses. “Cops? I can shoo them off so long as there’s
no warrant. Stalkers? Yakuza? That one might get messy.”
“First and last,” Makoto wrings her hands behind her back. “But you might not have much
luck with the shooing.”
Micheal whistles. “Pissed someone off?”
“Something like that,” Akechi says, acrid.
Micheal smiles. “How much do you think one man at any time can do against what you’re
expecting?”
“Enough,” Makoto says.
“Risk analysis, yes?” Akechi mocks.
Micheal raises his eyebrows. After a moment, he just laughs. “Well! Not my business indeed.
Unless I’m on the business end of a gun, of course, but by then I like to think I’d have a good
understanding of the situation.”

“Of course,” Makoto echoes dourly.
“What else are you here for, other than just that?” Akechi agrees.
Micheal shrugs. “Entertainment? Mine or yours is up for debate.”
Makoto is getting the feeling that it’s his.

Chapter End Notes

heya~ i. almost forgot to prep this chapter because i was out all day LMAO.
remembered just in the nick of time before i thoroughly pass out
also, woah! i acknowledged it a few chapters ago, but not when it Properly Happenedfftsr is now officially over 700k.... good lord
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! hiya, morgana! been a while
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 8
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Cognitive Akechi - Tower Rank 9
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 8
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank 9
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 8
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX
___

Morgana: what was my wish like- i mean. Thing We Aren't Going To Acknowledge Out
Loud
Akechi: Well it was kind of gross. disgusting, really. I avoided looking at you for the
most part
Morgana: alright asshole

Chapter 114
Chapter Summary

The lion, the pyramid, and the politician.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Shibuya Scramble is never a place of peace. Only in the earliest hours of the morning
could it feasibly stake a claim, and even then it’s liable to come dead last against whatever
opponent one chooses to pit it against.
There is no peace, but it is largely consistent. Bright lights flash from cars and from the vivid
advertisements plastered over the 109. The evening sun manages to force its rays past the
horizon and through the jungle of concrete. People, a thousand and more, flow in erratic
waves. Uncaring of each other and uncaring to—
All the billboards that adorn the Scramble as wreaths go dark.
There is a collective gasp, the occasional shriek, as a heavily digitised voice clears their
throat over every loudspeaker in the Scramble, and further— every television station in
Japan.
“Goooood Evening, Japan!”
“Missed us, huh?”
(It is barely five seconds into the broadcast, that Masayoshi Shido already has various
assistants and lackeys banging on his door in a frenzied panic. His lips peel into a snarl.)
“Where was it we last left you again…?”
“Our apparent leader’s daring escape.”
“A veritable garbage tip of lies.”
“Our supposed involvement in the missing case of the Detective Prince. The suspicion of the
Mental Shutdowns and Psychotic Breakdowns.”
“Well, like we said: total lies, of course!”
(Akechi and Makoto are once again left to stare Micheal down as he shamelessly watches the
broadcast on his phone. At the mention of the Detective Prince, he raises an eyebrow at the

man in question.
Just as shamelessly, Haru announces, “We’ll be heading out. If anything happens, please
speak to Niijima-san in the living room.”
Micheal salutes, “Aye, aye, boss. Shall I wish you good luck?”
“Whatever for?” Haru asks innocently.
Ann chokes on her water.)
“Bet you’re wondering what we’re here for?”
“What tyrant will we topple next!”
“We’re glad you asked. The man behind it all, the one at the head of the Psychotic
Breakdowns and Mental Shutdowns, the spider at the centre of a conspiracy’s web rotting our
country from the inside out.”
“Your favourite for the vote.”
“Masayoshi Shido!”
(Sumire watches as both her parents gasp, eyes fixed to the TV. She continues to, very
silently, pack all her necessary thieving gear into a duffel bag.)
“A scumbag who chews people up and spits them out.”
“A bastard who’s ready to do the same to the rest of Japan.”
“Hear us, now.”
“But you don’t really need to listen!”
“Soon, you’ll be hearin’ all this asshole’s crimes from his own mouth.”
(Ryuji’s mom still gasps and claps at all the right moments when she sees the calling card on
TV, even though she already knows the whole deal by now.
“Futaba did an excellent job putting this all together,” Yusuke comments. Ryuji still doesn’t
really know why he’s here, actually.
He still claps him over the shoulder, and grins, “Our turn, yeah? Let’s kick some ass!”)
“You’d better watch it, Shido.”
(“Don’t die,” Sojiro says gruffly. Ren didn’t miss the smirk that flashed across his face when
the calling card played.
Ren salutes, as Futaba still wages war against her keyboard. “You got it, boss.”

“Don’t worry, chief,” Morgana snickers. “Shido’s got nothing on us!”
Sojiro snorts, waving a hand. Ren, again, can’t miss the twitch of his lips. He feels Joker’s
smirk crawl up his face in turn.)
“Tonight, the Phantom Thieves take your heart!”
***
To say that Sumire is prepared would be a blatant falsehood.
With the calling card delivered, the seas parted by Shido's cruise liner bleed even more red
than usual. The fringes of her vision pulse, and even without any notable navigational
abilities, she can feel the shadow's ire as strongly as if he were glaring at her face to face.
She can hear the creak of Crow's gauntlets as he squeezes his hands into painful fists. The
strain of Joker's gloves is just as telling.
"Are we ready?" Joker asks. The smirk on his face when they entered the palace has since
faded into tight concentration.
“Five extra minutes milling about won’t change whatever the answer to that question is,”
Crow snaps. “Let’s go already.”
“…I’m ready,” Oracle says, pointedly.
Joker tugs sharply on his gloves. “Good.” He spins on his heel, cloak whirling in a flashy
spin. “Let’s move.”
They waste no time in doing so. They don’t even have to warp to a saferoom, with the
treasure so close. They don’t bother with the preceding shadows, nor do they pay any mind
when they’re spotted anyway. Quickly, they approach the central chamber built in perfect
reflection of the Diet Building itself. The only place on the ship to do so, aside from the
facade on the deck.
“Where is he?” Skull hisses, a moment too soon.
It is only by coming face to face with his shadow that Sumire wonders if she has ever seen
Masayoshi Shido in person before.
His shadow looks almost insultingly normal. The only otherworldly feature: his golden eyes
shielded by rectangular orange sunglasses that perch on his nose. Otherwise: his suit is crisp,
tie straight, hands calmly folded behind his back as he stands at the peak of the
representative’s chamber.
“You all look very confident for a band of insolent children who haven’t won yet,” Shido
comments.
“Confidence earned,” Crow says, flicking his gun’s safety on and off in what Sumire assumes
must be a nervous tick. “Your ship is a joke.”

“Must we have this back and forth?” Haru interjects. “We’re all aware there’s no negotiation
to be had here.”
“Is that so?” The shadow does not step forward, yet Sumire still feels the urge to step back.
She manages to hold her ground. “My fool of a son seems to rather enjoy an open rapport.”
“Uh, y’sure?” Skull says flatly. “Thought you just bossed him around or whatever.”
“And clearly you haven’t been on the receiving end of a certain gun,” Queen deadpans.
Crow himself is silent. Sumire’s with Haru on this one. She raises her rifle, other hand
hovering over her sword. “Alright, I think we’re done.”
“That we are,” Joker says. He flips his dagger, as is custom, an entirely useless act as he
instead reaches for his gun,
Before getting the chance to fire, or even aim, Sumire stumbles with everyone else. No one
falls, but the disruption is enough for Shido to turn, and for the ground to begin rumbling.
“We may be in agreement,” Shido says, his voice rising. Around them, the circular rows of
tables begin to crumble. “All of this has been drawn out far too long. You all should have
died, faded into obscurity months ago.”
The shadow disappears from view entirely, as a platform rotates above, starting to enclose
them in the splinters and dark. Fox is the first to leap up, gesturing for them to follow. Sumire
springboards herself to the ledge, catching it in gloved hands and vaulting herself over.
“Perhaps it was inevitable that confrontation would occur like this,” Shido’s shadow, now
decked in vibrant military regalia, calls down to them. Slowly, his steps thud up towards the
peak of an enormous golden lion, comprised of the twisted bodies and indistinct faces of
people.
He declares: “It was a God that chose me to rule this country.”
He declares: “I intend to heed His summons.”
The lion jerks to life, roaring with the sound of grating screams.
He declares, as though he believe his words hold the power of an omen: “You won’t win
today.”
***
Akechi knows thus:
The Phantom Thieves have won against Shido once before, with little in the way of
catastrophic setback. They won with two less among their number. With this knowledge at
hand, he finds himself entirely unconcerned for the battle’s outcome.

The lion rears back, and slams it brass paws against the ground so had that Akechi and the
rest of the thieves are nearly sent flying. He abruptly feels a little more concerned.
Futaba, largely unaffected, calls from her position above. “No weaknesses that I can sense,
guys! You’re gonna have to do this the old-fashioned way.”
The lion barely flinches as it takes two of Haru’s shells to the face. Atop it, Shido just sneers.
Haru lowers her grenade launcher with a frown.
As all the other thieves scramble to their feet, the lion bounds across the arena. A tempest of
claws and and a whipping tail knocks half of them down again.
Ren jumps up first. “Metatron!” he shouts, and that metal angel whips its wings in a dance of
blades,
It glances off the brass engraving of some poor soul’s face, and doesn’t even leave a dent.
“Uh, I take it back,” Futaba announces. “I think it’s resistant to quite a bit of stuff actually.”
“Great,” Akechi mutters, before shaking the arena with the force of a Megidolaon.
“That works!”
“Kougaon!” Sumire shouts, light blooming.
“Ehhh that works a bit less.”
“Saiten-Taisei!” Ryuji grins, and lightning strikes.
“Nope,” Futaba says. The grin drops into a scowl.
A brief intermission in the round table of spells, as the lion darts forward to retaliate against
its last attacker. Ryuji weathers it well enough, but Akechi sees Morgana and Makoto’s eyes
narrow appraisingly.
“Careful,” Futaba emphasises, and then: “I think this thing might be resistant to everything.”
Ren throws out a Megidolaon of his own, flipping over the lions claws as they take a swipe at
him.
“Except that,” she amends.
“Alright,” Akechi snaps, “Enough standing around.”
He rushes forward at the same time the lion does, grinding his teeth hard enough to chip
when he’s met with its full force. Overconfidence will lead them all to a quick death, he
thinks bitterly as he’s forced to stumble back.
Sumire fills the gap he’s left behind, sword glancing off the lion in quick jabs. She doesn’t
quite manage to stumble away like Akechi did, forced to bear the full weight of the lion’s

claws.
She cries out in pain, a chunk ripped out from her side. Injuries are never quite as dire on this
side of reality, but even still it’s a grizzly sight.
“Someone on healing,” Ren calls sharply.
“On it!” Makoto returns, Anat’s form beginning to shimmer behind her.
Ren himself doesn’t bother with a persona, ducking in front of Sumire to attack and draw
fire. At the same time, Morgana bounds over top, firing slingshot pellets at rapid speed. Ren
gets about halfway through his usual artful flipping slashes before being unceremoniously
pelted to the floor by the lion’s tail when it spins, clawing at Morgana on the way down.
“Uh, more healing!” Futaba yelps while Ren is still struggling to pull himself off the ground,
winded and bleeding.
“Is this thing stronger than before?” Ren hisses incredulously, as others take their turns being
batted aside like flies.
“You’re the only one who was there,” Akechi says back, “You tell me.”
“It’s stronger,” Ren decides, and next it’s Ann who is knocked unconscious into the ground.
Shido has no final trick up his sleeve. There is no last stand, no ace left to play, no anything:
there is only a man who has become aware of his imminent defeat, and knows the only way
to win is to draw.
Shido will not win, but every inch of power contained within his palace will be expended to
ensure the thieves will go down with him.
Running forward agian: Akechi feels his shoulder almost dislocate, trying to deflect yet
another blow with his blade, and curses how Shido’s desperation is markedly effective.
“Samarecarm!” he hears Morgana call, a distant glow of green in the corner of his eye. One
blur of bronze later, and both he and Ann are back on the ground against a smear of red.
“Do you see what I mean?” Shido says atop the lion’s back. His voice is quiet, almost a
whisper, yet Akechi can hear him perfectly.
“Enlighten me,” he spits, ducking as Haru launches another grenade.
“You won’t win,” Shido repeats, “What can you do against the will of the masses?”
Akechi chokes on his own laughter as another shockwave rocks the arena. “You think you’ll
have their favour forever? You think you really have their favour at all?”
With Morgana down, Ren falls back on healing duty with Makoto. Akechi hasn’t been
putting Robin’s navigational senses to much use, but the sensation of his allies’ magic rapidly
depleting is strong enough to feel even through his ignorance.

Shido smiles, as the lion’s claws carve arcs into the ground— the debris sent flying in a rain
of bullets. Like dominoes, more thieves fall to their knees or right into the floor. Yusuke,
Makoto, Haru, all downed.
“Do you plan to wait until my power wanes?” Shido chuckles, leaning back in his throne.
“Fucking shit,” Ren snarls, unable to keep up with whatever healing spells he has to give
with Makoto and Morgana incapacitated. In a flash of blue, his persona swaps: Arsène
beginning to sling curses at the lion. Another flash, that metal angel whips out spells of pure
blooming force. Shido and the lion both flinch in the face of the white-blue light.
“Joker!” Futaba protests from above.
“We can’t win if we’re constantly playing defence!” Ren snaps, “Crow, lend a hand, would
you?”
“What do you think I’ve been doing?” Akechi doesn’t take his eyes off the lion as it bounds
between them to glare.
“I mean getting people back up.” Ren is barely audible over the sound of—
Another shockwave, and Sumire and Yusuke go down. Perhaps Akechi should have been on
healing duty several minutes ago.
He goes to do just that: bringing Robin Hood forward, ready to loose an arrow of green,
when Shido smiles again.
There’s no chance to brace. The lion’s tail whips in an arc, catching Akechi in the chest. He
doesn’t feel his feet leave the ground before he feels his back crack against the far wall. He
hears Ren shout, he thinks, and doesn’t hear anyone else.
There is a larger crash, like someone falling from a great height. Through the pounding in his
head, Akechi feels Oracle’s mental link go dead.
There was a point in that engine room, so long ago, when all the rage and fire had been bled
from him in waves, that he found himself in a very strange mood.
It wasn’t calm, per se. It certainly wasn’t acceptance. It was barely even conviction; but there
was that certainty, that finality, that a decision had been made and that he was going to see it
through.
He saw it through quite handily he thinks.
Akechi blearily peels his eyes open, staggering to his feet. Ren is busy drawing all the fire he
can. Anyone that had a healing spell to spare lies bloody on the ground, alongside the ones
that didn’t.
A decision has been made, but it doesn’t hurt to survey his options.

Loki just laughs. Cannot win on the back foot, indeed! Robin’s bow flexes green, and Akechi
knows he cannot hit nine targets at once. Eurydice,
Has roots to spread.
“Eurydice,” Akechi calls, the name unpracticed in his mouth.
Just as easily as Robin or Loki would, she comes when called. Rather than materialising
behind him, she faces him directly, face impassive.
Akechi isn’t sure if he even needs to say the words. He does anyway, for the sake of
formality:
“Recarmdra,” he says,
He wonders if he won’t regret this, if it will even help at all,
Eurydice's expression does not change as the spell is cast. She places her hand against his
chest, nails sharpening and digging inward.
He feels wooden tendrils pierce his chest, his ribs, constrict his heart. He doubles over,
spewing a fountain of blood and bile from his mouth and nose. Eurydice disperses into blue
mist, and where the blood lands it blooms with green, and blossoms, and spreads,
Akechi doesn’t quite notice when his back meets the floor for the second time in as many
minutes.
Distantly, he hears the sound of gasping breaths and battle cries. Good. Good enough,
worked, not that he expected it not to, but,
“How very dramatic,” his own voice says.
Akechi chokes on blood, dragging himself up to snarl at his cognition. “Fuck you.”
Golden eyes stare at him impassively. Far behind them both, the lion roars again. The ensuing
screams are morbidly comforting, knowing his allies are awake enough to do so.
“Was that worth it?” It asks.
Akechi wheezes a laugh. It had better be! “I suppose it was!”
“Really?”
He can’t recall if he’s ever tasted this much blood before. “I’ve done it, haven’t I?”
“We both know very well you’re liable to making poor choices in this,” the not-cognition
says. “Do you regret it?”
“I’ve only just done it,” Akechi hisses, and then, “No.”
“And yet you’re scared.”

“I’m not—” he hacks up another glob of blood. “Dying.”
“Well, that remains to be seen,” the shadow hums, making a vaguely disgusted face. “For you
and all of them. How does it feel, to be bleeding out on the floor of this goddamned ship
again?”
“Bad.”
“And you really don’t regret it?”
“Which instance.” Akechi struggles to grit the words out. He blinks furiously, chasing away
the dark edges of his vision. “Are you referencing.”
“Your fate isn’t quite so sealed here,” the shadow concedes. “But that first time. You didn’t
think he could save you, that any of them could.”
Akechi had made quite well sure that they couldn’t.
“And now here you are again.” The shadow taps his body with his foot. “Dying in a ditch.”
Akechi gets halfway through “I—” before he starts choking again.
The shadow crouches down. “We’re going to have to get creative with this.”
Speaking draws energy away from breathing, so Akechi only glares.
The shadow only tilts his head. “You’re going to have to admit it first, though.”
“What,” Akechi spits, “What,”
“Tell me,” the shadows says. “Say your ploy is successful— we don’t exactly have time to
wait around and find out, so we’ll just assume. You don’t regret it, but you aren’t satisfied.
Why?”
“Because this is a stupid fucking way to die,” Akechi says, unable to stop the blood spilling
from his mouth as he does.
“Wrong.”
Again. “I don’t want to give that fucker the satisfaction.”
“Wrong.”
Again. Akechi gasps for air. “I can’t die here.”
The shadow hums, golden eyes flashing with agitation. “Mm. Not quite.”
Akechi doesn’t have anything else.
“Yes you do,” his mirror says. “Try again.”

He doesn’t!
“You can’t seriously give up here and expect to get away with it.” The shadow’s lip curls.
“What was all of it even for?”
Going through the motions,
“Oh, try a little harder than that.”
He wasn’t going to just lie down and—
“Look at yourself.”
Why even try?
“I wanted to be free,” Akechi manages to whisper.
“Congratulations,” his shadow drawls, “You’ve got it. Now what are you going to do with
it?”
Nothing. Nothing, there’s always nothing at the end of it—
“I ask again. Why aren’t you satisfied?”
Can’t have it all!
“I wanted,” Akechi spits as more blood dribbles down his chin, “To live, too.”
Now, and back then. Words dusted with snow.
There is a pause.
A twitch, a snicker, that knife grin splits again and golden eyes blaze. Blue fire and shattered
chains ripple in the air, and the shadow laughs, and laughs,
(One final brick is kicked loose, and the Tower crumbles.
Mine, the strings that dance around his heart sing, mine again! And the Tower’s shattered
wreckage is forged in steel and promise.)
“We’re going to have to be clever about this, like I said,” the shadow says between cackles.
He draws a gun, aiming it lazily towards Akechi’s ribs. “And you’re going to have to be
quick. Good thing you’ve used this one before, hm?”
There’s a revelation sitting on the edge of Akechi’s tongue, and it burns enough that he tastes
smoke more than iron. His lips peel back in a bloody grin, as he shakily reaches out to grasp
at the barrel. “Understood.”
His mirror smiles.
And pulls the trigger,

Bang—!
“Hereward!”
The brilliant green of Samerecarm bleeds faster than red. A bow that is all bladed edges is
wrenched from nothing, sent spinning and careening into the lion with pure force that splits it
near in half.
Goro Akechi cackles, high on the new power (his power! All his!) pulsing under his skin, and
with a lunge tears the lion open the rest of the way.
***
Ren barely dodges the lion’s corpse as its halves slough off to either side and disintegrate.
Shido is left standing in the middle, snarling.
Goro is laughing, sharp and clear, a new persona at his back. Ren would take longer to
admire the sight, if the ground weren’t bubbling bronze once again.
Shido doesn’t deign them a word as a pyramid of screaming bodies forms around him,
encasing him completely.
Goro hacks up a taunt. “Coward!”
“Ugh,” Futaba groans through the reestablished mental link. Ren’s heart had stopped when
she had fallen. His heart stopped again when he saw how she had gotten back up. “Can’t
sense any weaknesses for this thing either!”
“That seems par for the course,” Yusuke hums. Ren envies at how nonplussed he looks,
despite having been knocked unconscious several times in the past few minutes.
“We gotta do that again?!” Ryuji yelps.
“Let’s not be so reckless this time,” Makoto advises.
Ren thinks he sees Haru open her mouth to say something likely snippy, before the pyramid
casts a ring of lighting around the battlefield in a cascade.
Ryuji easily weathers the hit while Morgana shrieks in complaint. Most manage to dodge,
and Ren himself grinds his teeth and bears it.
“Magic, this time!” Futaba says.
“Noticed!” Sumire chirps unhappily, shooting her rifle from a fair distance away.
Ren slings his spells as he can, hoping in vain that the pyramid exposes some elemental
weakness in itself as it casts its own magic. Goro, he notes, is more than happy to carve into
the brass in a whirling flurry of blades. His new persona sees immediate use, Hereward’s bow
cleaving into the pyramid with force that glows a brilliant violet.

Weathering the storm frustratingly well, the pyramid spins, raising slightly before slamming
against the ground. Much like the lion’s attacks, it sends a shockwave shuddering through the
arena. Ren grunts as he’s winded, hoping very dearly that they aren’t about to be sent on the
back foot so quickly.
Fastest to recover this time, Yusuke springs forward. “Kamu Susano-o!” he shouts, ice
shooting across the ground, gripping the base of the pyramid. It begins to crack quickly, as
the pyramid shudders and jerks against its confines, but the thieves are quick to get the
memo.
Slash, burn, shock, pierce, stab, all a tired routine. All that hacking and carving and getting
nowhere is a little less familiar.
“We just need a weak point,” Makoto mutters furiously.
“I’ve already told you it doesn’t have one!” Futaba snaps.
“I know!” Makoto’s focus almost breaks, but she recovers in time to finish her spinning kick
against the pyramid. “I mean that we barely hurt the lion before Crow finished it off! If we
get stuck trying to wear it down again, we won’t win the war of attrition!”
On cue, the pyramid sets the battlefield ablaze. Yusuke cries out as he goes down yet again,
and Morgana calls upon Zorro to heal him faster than Ren’s ever seen him do so.
“Any chance you’ve got another one of those finishers in you, Crow?” Ren calls.
Hereward’s bladed bow stabs in and out of the pyramid, to moderate effect. “No,” Goro says.
Makoto clicks her tongue. Ren braces himself for the pyramid’s next round of spells.
Haru sends what must be her dozenth round of grenades against the amorphous bronze that
defends Shido’s shadow, detonating in spectacular fashion. Ren sees some of the pyramid
chip away, carved out by the blast and shrapnel. The pyramid’s bumpy surface quickly
reforms, but the cracks,
Ren flips his dagger in his palm, holding it like a stake, and jams it sharply into the grooves
between the bodies forming the pyramid. He smirks as it sinks in like butter, tearing it away
in a spray of oily blood.
“The cracks!” he shouts his discovery.
He would elaborate, but no one even glances at him to continue. Swiftly, Makoto runs up
close to take a swing at the indents, nodding with smug satisfaction as her fist caves some of
the brass inwards.
“That’ll do it!” Futaba cheers in confirmation.
Ann sends another curtain of fire the pyramid’s way, and scowls when it continues to do
nothing. She runs forward, whip in hand, and shoots Ren a brief smile. “Personas aren’t
precise enough, huh?”

Ren opens his mouth to respond, before having to duck as he’s interrupted by a tempest of
bullets. Haru squints from her position further away, trying to see if her shots landed. Most
just glanced off the surface, but a not-insignificant amount sunk deep into the grooves where
they need to be. Ren gives her a thumbs-up.
“…Unless you do that,” Ann mutters, taking swings with her whip.
Taking another stab, Ren grunts as he feels his back being used as a springboard. Above him,
Sumire flips onto the pyramid with grace, taking rapid slices at its higher sections. Goro is
quick to follow her, forgoing any flips by simply vaulting upwards, climbing by way of
sinking his sword into the valleys between brass bodies.
Ren face cracks a yet-wider grin, as the thieves tear the pyramid apart in gouges and chunks.
Piece by piece it crumbles, surface rippling as it desperately tries to reform. With his next
slash, Ren feels it suddenly grow brittle, and it’s Ryuji who swings his pipe like a batter and
shatters its form completely.
Shido’s shadow stands where the pyramid once did, clothes tattered and burned, looking
dazed.
Ren doesn’t even need to signal for the thieves to skid into formation, guns raised in a circle.
“Done yet?” Goro snarls.
Shido’s shadow begins to recover, levelling them all with a fierce glare, “Of course not.”
Ren doesn’t need to signal for this, either, because there’s no better calling for an all-outattack than their opponent refusing to stay down.
It’s a delightfully bloodthirsty frenzy, no personas necessary. Just a whirlwind of knives and
swords and pipes and fists and leather and Ren can feel a years’ worth of anger being
expelled in a picturesque display of violence.
Beaten and bloodied, Shido’s final line of defence begins to crack.
“This has dragged on for far too long,” He says, quiet, but his voice carries. Ren sees him
raise a fist—
The very ground fragments with the force of yet another shockwave. Ren isn’t granted any
more purchase against the ground as the rest of the thieves, knocked back and down.
He stumbles to his feet,
When Ren was caught, last year, in a ring of fire with Shido’s shadow for company, it had felt
right.
The truth, as he knew it: Ren was the leader. Shido ruined his life, on a comically
insignificant whim. Shido had then done so again, when the creaking dolls and blood-stained
steel doors of his mind conspired to kill someone Ren could only admit to himself he loved
(loves; angry, desperate, and afraid, something he knows nearly ruined them all,) weeks later.

Ren had wanted the man’s bones to crack under the weight of his fury, to be bloody and
violent and to hurt,
He had also known, with hilariously confident foolishness, that he was supposedly better than
that. That he knew where to draw the line. He was righteous, he was serving justice, and he
knew when to stop.
Staring again at Shido’s shadow, fire blazing, Ren—
Well. His anger still burns. Ren still knows (perhaps still foolish, just as confident) that he is
right in this, here, now. He can still wring some enjoyment out of this.
“You’re their leader, aren’t you?” Shido calls, voice like gravel.
Ren shrugs. “Does it matter?”
Shido lumbers forward, taking a wide swing that Ren ducks. “Any grievances to air while I
turn you to paste?”
Ren slashes his dagger, wondering if he cares enough to spill all his hatred towards a man
who’s already lost.
Not really, he decides, as the dagger connects and draws not-blood.
“Nah,” he voices. “Can we hurry this up?”
Shido’s shadow smirks, grin stretching wider than his face. “You are angry.”
Ren, regrettably, proves him right, as the remark sends him tearing his mask from his face—
Arsène’s heels slashing in a wide arc.
Ren won’t trip into the same pitfalls. The pattern likely persists: Shido can shrug off as much
damage as he likes, Ren just needs to beat him into the ground so thoroughly in one swift
movement that he can’t possibly recover.
The slash carves through the shadow’s chest in an even bloodier display than the last, and
Ren wonders if he need be so diligent after all.
“You’ve got nothing left,” Ren observes.
Shido’s smirk morphs into a snarl, and he hurls a fizzling bless spell in Ren’s direction, who
dodges with relative ease.
“What was that about the will of the masses?” Ren says, calling for Metatron this time. The
angel in question hums approvingly as he flexes his blades.
“They bend to my will,” Shido says, insistent even as his next spell goes wide.
“You know you’re fucked.” Ren summons his best confident sneer to his face as a bullet or
two pierces the shadow from beyond the fire. He fires a few of his own, and the shadow

stumbles.
Even with their abysmal start, a fight is a fight is a fight, and shadows can’t last forever.
“You haven’t won.” Shido doesn’t attack. “Even if I’ve lost,”
“You admit it, then.”
The fire is snuffed.
Shido’s shadow crumbles to his knees, exhaustion and a haze of weakness falling over him.
Ren is no fool, (Metatron snorts), and doesn’t take his hand off his dagger.
But even as the rest of the thieves gather, jogging forward with urgency, Shido does nothing.
Goro looks lightly singed, like he had tried leaping through the fire. Haru and Sumire also
look lightly singed, like they were trying to hold him back.
Goro levels his gun at Shido’s head.
Ren doesn’t move. He probably should. Sumire looks antsy, Haru stays very still, and the rest
of the thieves burst into panicked protests.
“I could do it,” Goro says, ignoring them all. Shido just stares, lips twitching in something
that might be a sneer, might be a smirk. “Easily.”
“Will you?” the shadow asks. “Will you claim victory in full?”
“This isn’t winning,” Goro hisses. “None of this is winning.”
“Crow,” Makoto warns.
“Shut up,” he spits, and Ren takes a step forward.
“Crow,” Ren warns, soothes, says plainly,
Goro’s hands are shaking. Plausible deniability says it is with fury. Ren takes a step back.
“Will you?” Futaba asks.
Goro looks at her.
She looks startled to be faced with the full force of his gaze. She shuffles, and shrugs, and
taps the ground with her feet. She opens her mouth, closes it,
“Would you?” Goro asks. “If—” he cuts off.
Futaba frowns, contemplative but not confused. “I dunno.”
Goro stares again at Shido. Shido is looking at Futaba.

“I’d be someone else,” she says,
And who is he? Metratron asks, some echo reverberating through the chain that is Justice.
Goro lowers his gun. He spits at Shido’s feet, and storms away. Sumire looks rapidly between
him and Shido, and scrambles after him.
(Akechi feels the Devil grow to its ninth rank, and nearly turns around to put a bullet in
Shido’s head out of principle alone.)
A silent ball of tension is released. Ren can almost feel the air from the collective sigh. His
own shoulders don’t relax.
He crams his hands in his pockets, narrowing his eyes at Shido. “We’re done here.”
Shido scoffs. “So it seems.”
“How ya feelin?” Ryuji mocks.
Shido says nothing.
“Usually the change of heart is not so instant,” Yusuke says. Ryuji waves him off.
Several hundred moments later than he’d like, Ren remembers something.
“Shit,” he announces, as the shimmering treasure —a ship’s wheel— lowers towards the
thieves.
“What?” Makoto asks. The rest of the thieves barely react.
Shido’s shadow flickers for a moment. He gasps, and coughs, “I—”
Goro’s head snaps up from where he’d stalked off to, Sumire’s hand on his shoulder. “What’s
going on?”
Ren snatches the treasure from the air with speed.
—And Shido’s shadow crumbles to dust, a truncated scream echoing in his wake.
The palace starts rumbling.
“What the eff?!”
“What happened?!”
“Crow, did you—?”
“Does it look like I—”
“Enough!” Ren shouts, already beginning to run. “We have to go!”

“Palace is collapsing,” Futaba babbles, “Palace is totally collapsing! Faster than they
normally do!”
The rest of the thieves start getting the memo to put the proverbial pedal to the metal, their
collective footfalls barely audible above the sound of shrieking metal and crashing waves.
“This happened last time!” Ren gasps out as he runs. “It’s fine! But we have to go!”
His point is punctuated by the wall rupturing as they sprint through a hall, the entire ship
tilting sideways. They all yelp, staggering sideways as the floor shifts and tilts.
Makoto coughs a yell as she tumbles forward, the ship tilting some more. “Are we even
going to be able to find the safest exit to the palace like this? The deck will be underwater at
this rate!”
“So long as we’re in the area!” Ren pulls an answer out of his ass. Worked last time, it’ll
work this time. But, shit, again, the lifeboat— it was far too close for comfort with Ryuji last
time, and Ren would like to avoid that heart attack if possible—
It’s Sumire who gasps first when they reach the end of the hall.
What’s left of the hall. The sheer drop from where the ship has ruptured creates a yawning
chasm where the seawater floods the open hull, dragging the cruise liner yet-further down.
“I can’t swim!” Futaba takes the time to inform them.
Ren grabs her hand, “We need to—”
“Something’s wrong,” Goro says.
“Obviously!” Ann hisses.
“I mean more than normal,” he snaps back. The ship sinks a little more in fits and starts.
“Palaces collapsing feels different from this.”
“I figured it’s because Shido just died, apparently,” Futaba manages to get out, as her grip on
Ren’s hand becomes a bit painful.
“Different from that, too.” Goro mutters, biting down on his lip hard enough that Ren is
worried he’ll split it.
Yusuke leans over the pit slightly, frowning at the sight of the water drawing ever closer.
“Could it feel different because you’ve just gotten a new persona?”
“Is now really the time to be speculating?” Makoto snaps. “How do we leave.”
“Can’t we theoretically activate the Nav anywhere?” Haru asks.
“Ain’t the whole reason we don’t do that because we could get spit out anywhere?” Ryuji
waves his arms furiously.

“If we go to Mementos, it should be fine!” Morgana jumps up and down in increasingly
panicked bounds. “We just need to—”
Access Denied.
Everyone’s heads snap to Sumire, whose hand is hovering over her phone. She shakily
returns it to her pocket, and shrugs helplessly.
“I believe I am beginning to see what the issue is,” Goro says, very calmly.
“How do we leave!?” Futaba shrieks.
Ren’s mind begins to tick into panic-stricken overdrive.
Exiting the Metaverse can be achieved via two methods. The first, the far more reliable, is via
the Nav. Clearly a certain god isn’t too keen on them using such a method. Opportunistic
bastard.
The second, far less reliable, the loophole employed in their scatter-shot mess of an
Interrogation room plan the first-year-over, is simply passing by the place you entered.
Ren stares out at the shattered ship. There is only water where the deck once was.
“We swim,” he says.
“I cant!” Futaba tugs violently on his hand.
“Nor can I,” Yusuke admits.
“Then grab onto someone,” Ren says, preparing to step off of the ledge as the water’s surface
gets rapidly closer.
Goro snatches him by the arm. “Are you a fucking fool.”
“We’ll drown in that, able to swim or no,” Haru says coolly.
There is another, much louder, much closer, scream of metal beneath their feet. “Then how,”
Ren grits, and echoes: “do we leave.”
As Goro seethes and Haru closes her eyes to breathe, Makoto kicks the leg off a side table.
“Driftwood,” she announces.
“That’s definitely not going to—”
Ann doesn’t get the chance to finish before the part of the ship that lies across the expanse of
water stretching in front of them explodes in fire. Ren grinds his teeth as the others shout in
shock, knowing that if that life boat had been dangling somewhere still, it’s drenched in
flames now.
Sumire takes out her phone again, furiously tapping at the Nav.

Access Denied.
Access Denied.
Access Denied.
Access—
“The palace is going to tear itself apart before we get anywhere, at this rate,” Goro says.
“What the eff happens then?!” Ryuji shouts.
“We die, right?” Futaba is mumbling, “We get crushed, turned to paste,”
“We get spit back out to reality, which ultimately fixes the problem,” Goro interrupts.
“But?” Ren pushes.
Ren is sure Goro has an anecdote or two. Perhaps even three or four, of daring non-escapes
from palaces that crashed down around his ears, that spat him back out onto the pavement
and scraped his knees. Ren is sure that there is some knowledge, some wisdom, like stick to
the left, or pull your ears twice and hold your breath that saves any poor fool in this
circumstance from certain death.
Ren does not hear it, because—
There is a tear, a seam, a fraying winding unravelling thread
Ren, for all that he suddenly feels barely lucid, has the distinct thought that this is not how
un-reality is supposed to function.
There is a miasma,
This is bad, that metal angel says.
There is salt, and there is blood,
There is steel, and velvet.
Quite bad! The grinning phantom agrees.
There is no longer a hand, he thinks, gripping his own.
Hold tight.
Hold as many as you can!
There is one, and another, and another,
And not nearly enough!

Reach for—
What?
There is concrete.
And there is red.
Ren reaches for the red—
***
On one half of a veil, five are spit across the paved ground with scraped knees and shouts of
protest.

On the other half, another five tumble beneath a reddened sky.
“Hey!” Morgana shouts, “We made it to Mementos!”

“We’re back in the real world?” Haru asks, dizzy as she stumbles to her feet.
“The eff?!” Ryuji groans, splayed out over some grass.

“I thought Goro said we’d be back in reality?” Sumire says, dusting off her knees. She
worriedly stares at the sky, at her phone, at the still-unresponsive Nav.
“Better here than right in front of the Diet, right?” Ann mumbles, still face down. “Better
here than drowning.”

“We need to go,” Akechi says, “Quickly. Where are the others?”

“Where is everyone else…?” Yusuke asks, head on a swivel.
“Futaba?” Ren shouts, “Goro?”
“I can’t see Haru, Ryuji, and Makoto, either!” Morgana bounds up and down in a panic.

Makoto’s eyes are wide, stricken, “I can’t see them. I can’t see them— where did they—?”

“They didn’t get caught, did they?!” Ryuji blurts.
“How?!” Futaba says, shrill, “It’s not like we were unconscious!”

“They’re not here,” Ren determines, “Are they back in the real world?”
“What, did we trip and miss?” Ann says incredulously.
Sumire holds out her phone,

Haru holds out her phone,
Access Denied.

Ren swears, colourfully.

Akechi swears, creatively.
“We have to go,” Makoto echoes dully, “We can’t just stand here. We’re right in front of the
National Diet,”
“We’re going,” Haru says, swiping away from the Nav to Micheal’s contact.

“We’re stuck in Mementos!?” Morgana shrieks.
“What do we do?!” Ann cries in similar hysterics.
“What will we eat?” Yusuke demands.
“What about our plan?” Ren blurts in a panic before he can remember his veil of leader calm.
Sumire yanks painfully on her own ponytail.

Futaba sniffles, as the five of them wait with hoods up on a nondescript street corner.

Ann drops into a crouch and buries her face in her knees.

“It’s, uh,” Ryuji tries very hard to smile. “We’ll fix this, yeah? S’not the end of the world.”
“It’s the seventeenth,” Akechi says flatly, as the clock has ticked past midnight, “Give it a
few days.”
(Even severed in twain, the Judgement grows to its final rank)

Chapter End Notes

good chapter to start the hiatus right guys <3
on that note. yeah hiatus starts now LMAO i'm free from fight scene hell (for now,,)
which means that i'm about to enjoy writing the coming chapters significantly more than
i did large chunks of this one. smooth sailing (lol) from here....
I won't call a specific time frame for my return, but hopefully we'll see each other soon~
Socials!
Tumblr, Bluesky
Confidants! look at all those rank 10s !!!!!! and Shido's rank 9 i guess
Akechi:
Sumire Yoshizawa - Magician Rank MAX
Sae Niijima - Moon Rank MAX
José - Star Rank 9
Ren Amamiya - Justice Rank MAX
Makoto Niijima - High Priestess Rank MAX
Masayoshi Shido - Devil Rank 9
Haru Okumura - Strength Rank MAX
Shadow Akechi - Tower Rank MAX
Black Mask Trio - Fool Rank MAX
Twin Prosecutors - Temperance Rank 8
Morgana - Hermit Rank 8
Phantom Thieves - Judgement Rank MAX
Ann Takamaki - Sun Rank MAX
Futaba Sakura - Death Rank 8
Ryuji Sakamoto - Chariot Rank 5
Yusuke Kitagawa - Hanged Man Rank 6
Ren:
Crow - Aeon Rank MAX
Goro Akechi - Justice Rank MAX
Sumire Yoshizawa - Faith Rank MAX

___
gang i'm gonna be so real i have two assessments due this week i have no jokes left in
me

Works inspired by this one
You realize that Okumura could die, right? by aaolisami
Sumire & Haru take Goro to Crossroads by aaolisami
I’m Considering Committing Premeditated Murder by aaolisami
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

